I think you missed an opportunity with the CEO's name and a similarly named famous character. 
What does the "Chief Culture Officer" do?
A
is the background in the 2nd picture from the black rock from lost?
Too many officers. Hope there's some indians at this company and not just chiefs.  Great pics though!
No surprise that there's no females in your company
Nice work on the viral marketing campaign.
Quite creative, great job
these are great. go shopfiy.
They should exercise caution, Connor Kenway is likely on his way to murder them.
Yeah, he really blue it.
Haha, thanks!
Me+you=
You set 'em up, I knock 'em down! (Ok, wrong sport, but still)
Anyone else thought Russ Jones was Harrison Ford at first?
I'm about as adept at coding as I am at unassisted flight, but I want to work for Shopify now. Will you pay me to write funny stuff? . is the sort of company culture that I appreciate..(That sentiment was helped by having researched you after seeing this post.)
All I can think is, "do you have any adults working at this company?"
No lady executives?  DAMN YOU, GLASS CEILING!!
And now the bar has been set for my startup...
Third fella kinda looks like Gary Oldman
Where did you get the coats? 
There's a costume shop in Ottawa (where Shopify is located) called Malabar. We rented them from there.
So.... any positions open at Shopify for a Business Grad with photo and art skills? :P 
WTF does a Cheif Culture Officer do?
your executive team looks incredibly young

What the heck is a culture officer?
When you help create a company but don't actually want to do any real work.   Your just that dude in flip flops and board shorts contemplating whether a jukebox would boost morale or distract the work force; but you make 15x of anyone else and no deadlines on your project.   One draw back, you have to be happy everyday.  No one wants a pouty culture officer :( 
Man, I could be a great culture officer, I have access to large amounts of antidepressants, I'll just put it in the water.
good first start but what about the fluorescent lighting, we don't want the developers to get headaches working for 18 hrs straight?    You have 4 years and an unlimited budget to think this through.  Vacations are limitless; but should inspire you to re-connect with the world.  Company car and plane available as needed.   
Looks like Harley Finkelstein is rubbing his nipple. 
I don't know what you do or what company this is but I want to find it and spend money on it.
Shopify is an eCommerce platform.
i read it as "shopify" being a made up verb meaning to edit an image with Photoshop. Shopify Executive Headshots..I just thought OP didn't use his made up verb with correct grammar (it would then be "shopified"). Also thought OP had amazing Photoshop prowess.
Ah, okay. Didn't catch the company name in the post. Awesome. 
Yup, its dead.  Nothing to see here.
Fat boy can't kneel down or squat to help something on the ground?.This is when you know you are obese and too fat to function.
Public transportation?  That shit's for the birds!
Wait. This is my vet! Good Guy Dr. F!
Proof?
Better a Veterinarian than an Aryan Veteran.
wait until the bird gets the bill. may as well leap off of a building.
By that time, he'll be able to fly again.  He'd more than likely CHICKEN out before he hit the ground.
How ironic.
How coincidental.
Who will he charge? Someone has to pay for his jacuzzi.
Fat, fat, fat, fat. What the fuck America, are you all fucking overweight now?
Is that vet going to work for free on that bird? lol
He's going to take it out back and throw it in the freezer with the other bodies.
This is a classic vet-bird hustle. I can guarantee you the bird and the vet are friends, or the bird got some serious payola after the fact.
Jesus, even the birds are after free healthcare.
Why was the bird waiting at the bus stop?
At that point it was his safest mode of transportation! 
good guy veterinarian
Why don't those people have shoes on?
I was also wondering this.
Their too mainstream man
Their too mainstream man did what?  Stole their shoes?
Imagine the headlines "Anti-Hipster Stealing Shoes During Bird Rescue!"
Those three ladies were all from the building next door. Some auto/life/etc insurance place. 
So their dress codes requires no shoes?
It was right before 9am, so maybe it wasn't officially open yet. No idea. 
Why sit at a desk in heels or dress shoes when you don't have to?
I came here to ask this. The bare feet were distracting.
I think his shirt may have been a dark red..which was popular. (this color...).The kids clothes would have been a natural color and less green..Great job on the blue dungarees. Those look new (you'd wear your good clothes for a picture back then), and a red shirt would support this a bit more.
Terrific work! I dont know the technique at all, and maby its just me, but I feel there is something not quite right with the lighting in the face of the dad. Its a bit to bright... Other than that, I wouldnt have guessed it was a colourized photo at all. Beutiful work!
This is wonderful, but I imagine the man would be darker from working in the sun.
The kids knees look like their stuck together 
Well done. :) 
That is a pretty sharp photo for that time. It looks hi-res. 
Wow that's crazy......I love those times.....
Excellent work, one of the best colourisation jobs I've seen.
You really brought the photo to life. 
That's amazing, I love seeing colorized photos. Thanks for posting OP one of my favorites that I've seen on here. 
Thank you very much :)
I love seeing colourised photos too.. I think this is brilliant. What is it that you use, is it just Photoshop, or do you use another programme? 
Just photoshop
You mean to tell me that niggas had to actually change the tire on the rim when they got a flat on the road? How did they carry around the tools needed for that?
Doesn't look like they would have to put the tire on the rim. There seems to be some sort of rim in the spare already, just with another system as we're used to these days.
They still look white to me
stare at the black point: 
It's brilliant. How long does this sort of thing take?!
This took me about 4 to 5 hours
Any guides you know of?  Is your process the same way shops make one jacket show different "colorways"?  I have always wondered that.  
Nice.  What's that sticker on the window?
A Landon/Knox campaign sticker. Considering they lost dramatically to FDR it isn't hard to imagine why he tried to remove it from his rear window.
Sometimes I like to imaging the people in black and white photos wearing brightly coloured clothes... .. I think if they had neons in the 30's, they maybe wouldn't have called it the depression.
Dude. That is awesome!
Thanks
The kid looks out of place.  The lighting on him isn't right or something.(too bright)  Very good overall though!
The colorized version is more hopeful.
If you switch back and forth real fast between the two pictures, skin in the black and white one looks blueish. 
Sausage fingers. 
The best I've seen so far.
This is exceptional!

Jeez, them's man's hands.
Daniel Craig, what are you doing in 1936?
The next Bond movie is about time travel.
"Bond. Cletus Bond."
OP open it
The title should have been ..
Someone like to live dangerously..Sidenote:  my wife permanently stained the headliner in her car by leaving sodas in it on a hot day.
I bet he won't open it...just like all those guys with a locked safe...
You're lucky. My husband had coke all over the inside of his car. The windshield, dash and seats were a disaster.
Now throw it.
Please, please take a shot after you have opened it that would just be epic!!
This happened to me last summer in Oklahoma... Bought a 12 pack in the morning and left it in my car while i was at work. I had the case in the passenger seat. On my way home from work i heard two loud 'pops' right next to me. I almost shit myself because i thought my car was being shot at. Turns out one can 'exploded' spewing hot soda foam all over my car. The other can did this. I still have the can, and i still think it looks like a prolapsed rectum
I've had that happen to me before, just leave it indoors until it gets to room temperature, it'll be fine to open..(Just do it over a sink, just in case)
As an Arizonan, lol 90.
This would be the appropiate picture my girlfriend could've used to explain how horny she was a few days ago. She instead used words like testicles and the fantastic sentence: "only you came the last time we had sex".
Can's got an outie.
If soda cans got erections, I'm pretty sure that's what it would look like.
get outta here it's gonna blow
I once found a few cans of coke like that in a girl's fridge and I laughed saying she had a "powerful vagina." I guess she doesn't...
Is it still like that? 
Now put it in the freezer. 
Like you, I left a soda in my car so I could drink it when I got off work.  
I made that exact same mistake! (And one of them in the same pack . explode, but it was pretty contained and didn't make a mess.)
It gets to be 105 in Denver and I've never seen this happen and have left plenty of beer/sodas in my car. 
prolapse!
I did this one time.. except it was a bottle of freon.. every square inch of my cars interior was covered in pag oil. But the dash finally stopped squeaking.. HA
90 degrees Fahrenheit =
32.2222222 degrees Celsius.Since the bot isnt here.
It grows more soda? Awesome.
This reminds me that it is 100 today, and I have a can of bug spray in my car...
You're lucky. When I did that, the can exploded. The ENTIRE CAR was coated in coke. 
Now OPEN IT!! 
Is that a design feature so it doesn't burst?
That is one sturdy can.
Heroic can!!!

So going to try this now!
Haha, 90 degrees. Ho cute.
Does Diet Coke contain Aspartame? If so you don't want to drink that if it got too hot..I guess I could check the ingredients myself but I'm lazy.
?
Huh. The same thing happens if you put a can in the freezer too long.
I'm sick of all you people saying 90 is hot. It's fucking summer 90 is not that bad, man the fuck up.
I think in Texas you have to kick it first.
Where the hell do you live? im in florida and have left a 12 pack in my car when it was a 105 degrees farenheit..and this didnt happen -..-
Good thing you don't live in Texas, good sir or madam.  You would have sugary syrupy droplets, from the windows, the the walls.  .YEEAAAAYAAH!.I know from experience.
This is where I get confused.... I live in Texas and we had a solid week of 100+ temps and the 12 pack in the back seat of my car didn't have one can like this when I got it out. But I have got into my car after a hot day and had the lid of a half empty water bottle sitting in my floor board and water all over the ceiling and dash. 
I've left countless cans of soda in my car on 105+ degree days. Never seen this happen.
you lucky bastard, I left a 12 pack open in the back of my car and a few rolled out. Guess who had three exploded cans the next day?
At least it didn't explode.  I had that happen with a six pack of dr. pepper cans once. XD  I didn't even notice for like a week.
Open it, open it!!!
Can boner. 
At my old high school there was a kid who exclusively sold monster cans like this. He called them "boner tops."
Now freeze it. That should reverse the damage.
You is lucky. 
You're welcome..--Signed.Pressure Vessel Design Engineers
Open it!!
I had a few cans of soda explode on me when they were left in the back of the car on a hot day.  Had borrowed the car from my sister... didn't know the cans were back there..This happened when I was driving through South Central LA on my way home in the early 90's..... and yeah, it sounded like gunshots.  Good times.
That's not soda, or pop, or even a beverage that should be consumed by living creatures.
You play a dangerous game my friend.
I've had a can "pop" open like a can of tuna and spray all around my car. Not cool.
I had some off brand diet coke in my car and it popped the top in the heat. the strangest thing was no residue was left behind, it evaporated completely. 
Only 90f? it was 105 here in Texas the other day.
Pssshh. I left a can of Dr Pepper in the cab of my truck last week and it was fine. It gets above 110 in my truck most days.
Where the hell is one of the metric conversion bots when you need one. 90 degrees is lethal.
Might be helpful if you posted links to some prolapsed rectum pics for reference.
DANGER ZOOOONE
Tucson here. High is 90 and we're rejoicing.
That stuff will give you cancer... or possibly just gulf war syndrome.
No
Brown sock?
The soda hates you, but that can loves you.
Final form achieved.
TIL 90 degrees is extremely hot.
Lower half of Ontario here, currently experience 30 C weather: Can confirm it's extremely hot. It's "fuck that shit" hot. It's "don't you dare try to one up me, Sao Paulo, I will punch your face into your butt" hot.
You realize it was a hell of a lot hotter in the car, right?  Greenhouse effect and whatnot.
Yeah, but 90 degrees isn't abnormal or is it in some places?
Maybe in Alaska.  The point was that the car interior is going to get to like 120 or above if left in the sun long enough in 90 degree weather with the windows up.
The interior of a car is going to be way hotter than 120 if it is 90 outside. More like 140 or even 160 if it has been in direct sunlight for over an hour. 
160 is a bit high. After 90 minutes, a car in direct sunlight in 90. weather is ..
Haha, I looked at that same TWC info graphic as well.  It is the first one that came up on Google search.  If you look at some of the other sites, the temps can vary quite a bit based on the model and color of the car, tinted windows etc. 
I kinda thought so, but I really didn't know the exact temperature it could get to, and I didn't want some jackass telling me to find a source for my "exaggeration".  So I went conservative on my estimate.
I choose to believe that Diet Coke cans are stronger than Dr. Pepper cans solely based upon this post without any additional information.
I find it hard to believe that you have the mental capacity to hold employment . type words on a keyboard, yet failed to foresee the fact that a can of soda sitting in a car/oven all day is not going to be enjoyable to drink.
Ah, so it's 30C. Thanks for saving me the minor hassle of looking it up.
I love that . now so when Metric bot isn't around I can still understand what people or saying or confirm my mental guesses.
Gracias!
It's actually hotter in a car. and if the can is in direct sunlight then it gets even hotter!! ;D
 would like this i think.
This isn't even mildly interesting. Who didn't know this?
90 . ? That's cute.
agreed, as a Texan with a black interior car (yeah bad decision there), I agree...
tint your windows, you'd be surprised how much it helps.
Or, just, y'know, change the interior color to white, or always park in the shade wherever you go because there's always shade in Texas, or just move out of Texas completely. Plenty of simple solutions to stay cool..Or here's an even better one, fill your car with water and climb in through the window. You'll be nice and cool while driving!
Expensive, free, expensive, expensive. Only 1 of your solutions makes sense financially.
To be fair this is also what happens to a can left overnight in a car when the temp is 9 degrees.
Yep, looks very similar to the result of freezing a soda. Of course, if the heated version actually compromises the can the result is likely a lot messier.
Except that it usually explodes and throws sticky ice everywhere.
Shit; you just reminded me that I have a case of Dr Pepper in my trunk. I live in Louisiana >.<
You're supposed to serve hot Dr. Pepper for Christmas, not in July.

Yup still has a canrection
You've been waiting to use that all morning haven't you?
This happened to me last week, I shook it a little and threw it at a tree, it exploded. You should definitely try it hahaha
Call the bomb squad.
pls dont actually call the bom squad. my granpa worked for the bomsquad nd this wouyld be a waste if there time
I'm just going to pretend that I didn't lose a bunch of brain cells from reading that...  Nope, still hurts to think.
Are you trying to make a joke or are you 8? Circle one.

after reading his comment, he probably tried circling one on his computer 
Dafuq is that? A smiley face?
I was expecting to see an exploded can. You got lucky.
Ya, he could have been living in the south west where 90 is a good day for the summer
lol just throw it away.....
Are you kidding me?! Open it and the chug it! 
Open it and get a diet coke cumshot

I once left a can root beer in my dads car. It exploded and flew across the inside and wedged itself under the dash. Luckily it didn't hurt him.... just sprayed soda everywhere and made him a little mad 

I wonder if he had to stay up all night.
What the fuck does that have to do with anything, Steve.
Classic Steve.
You got very lucky, indeed.
No, you did.
Seriously.
Fo rizzle
[deleted]
Quite lucky, even!
"Foal and the Pup"
The deer's like, "save me!"
CUTENESS OVERLOAD
Post this to .!!!
They had somebody taking pictures of somebody taking pictures...? 
Photoshop...  This was posted a month ago and was found out to be nothing but photoshop...
At . this would be set up, and only on some kind of nature preserve. I've got a tingling feeling that baby deer and baby wolves don't just hang out together, especially on top of human beings.
probably had a crew
Show me that this is shopped. Please.
She's not taking nature shots... she's working for the NSA!
I can't believe the deer climbed on her back
"I swear to god, if you poop on me..."
"this rock is awfully squishy"
If a baby deer pooped on me I would be so happy I'd cry.
A young Robert Baratheon and Eddard Stark, fostering at the Eyrie
Perfect.
I want the next season already, I'm too lazy to read the books. 


As a yooper, lower peninsula people are also referred to as assholes far more than trolls
I used to work with a guy at a hardware store who was from the Upper Peninsula. He used to work for search and rescue when he lived there (actually did all sorts of other odd jobs too). .The search and rescue teams motto became "Yugo over; we go under."
So if I'm afraid to drive over the bridge I can let a stranger drive me . my car over instead?  I wonder how often this service is used?
Very often from what I've heard..Never did it myself but I've had family that absolutely could NOT drive over the bridge due to freaking themselves out. 
They are trained to do it, it's used pretty often actually. Especially by those(elderly) who might be driving RVs over the bridge. 
Awesome picture. I feel like I have been over it so many times that I forget how beautiful it can be. 
Dosnt get better than the mighty Mac ! Some of the most awesome country in the world, love it.
Aug 3rd mini coopers from all over are going to try and break a record with the most minis to drive in a parade over the mack! 1451 is the number to beat!
It's not too often I get to see things on here from my neck in the woods (I'm a lot further north).
I see a screaming man in the orange cloud.
If you say Mackinac to a yooper, they will scoff at you. You have to learn to say it like a native, where the c turns into a w, like Mackinaw. Go figure..Also, if you go looking for Mackina(w) Island Fudge ice cream (best ever btw), just say "Mack" for more yooper cred.
But Mackinac City is in the lower peninsula. Everybody pronounces it with the aw. Like everybody. 
Yes, St Ignace is on the north side of the bridge.
If everybody jumped off a bridge would you do it too? 
probably, must be something to it. 
My mom always made it sound like I shouldn't, but you have given me something to consider. 
Funny thing, it's actually Mackinaw City. Mackinac Island and Bridge, but Mackinaw City. They're still all pronounced the same though.
It's always pronounced "Mackinaw". That's not just a Yooper thing. (And besides, if someone doesn't know how to pronounce Mackinac, I doubt they know what a Yooper is anyway...)
Whats a Yooper? been vacationing in the area for 25 years, never heard the term. 
Oh I'm sure you are correct about the proper pronunciation, but most people don't know and would never guess. 
The -ac spelling is French. The area was contested for awhile back in the day. 
Anyone that lives in the UP.  Pronounced You PEE.  Just add an R.
Are you serious? Find an old timer with a flannel shirt and a hat with ear flaps. Ask him. 
I would, but I just got home from spending 2 weeks at glen lake. Maybe next year then. haha
I guess you probably need to be a little further north to find out for sure. I usually go up to the Keweenaw peninsula, which is pretty much the yooper capital. 
Ah, the lovely UP. And to think that we got it as a compromise when Ohio wanted Toledo.
No cars and a thousand fudge shops. 
It's a lovely place.  
I love my home state
I am currently typing this from an island nearby that very bridge. 
I've lived in Michigan most of my life, never been to the UP.  If I get the chance I'm taking it.  No hesitation.
Im from the area an its really quite beautiful..Is that taken from the Ignace side or the maciknaw side? looks like the ignace side
Michiganders! I love being from the tip of the mitt
Displaced tip of the mitt-er checking in from Seattle 
Michigan; the only place where you can show where you generally live by pointing at a spot on your hand.
The accent of the people that live there... the accent!
Funny you would mention that. Found . on a friends FB feed. It's about the Michigan accent.
That is a very heavily east coast lower peninsula oriented article; and several of the exemplars do not apply to the west coast of the lower peninsula.  We're a different breed over here.  The Yoopers have an almost Minnesota accent, and are different still.
The accents don't get weird until you get farther in the UP. 
Yeah, I've never met a yooper with a weird accent
Just ask anyone west of Marquette how to pronounce this word: sauna.
Taken from st. Ignace?
Nope from Mackinaw City. The far side of the bridge in the picture that slopes down is the St. Ignace side. I used to camp at the State Park in St. Ignace every year with my family. 
I am heading up there in a week for vacation; I hope the northern lights are active while I'm there - it's been years since I've seen them.
Hey! Great picture. I'm actually helping build a power substation in Mackinac right now.
I lived in the LP for 24 out of my 27 years of life, and never even seen the Mackinac bridge. People keep saying that I need to check out the island at least once in my life, but I'm terribly nervous going over bridges, so I'll be happy remaining a troll. .I've read Three Billy Goats Gruff. I know what happens when trolls try to go . bridges.
The boat lines go to both St. Ignace (north of the bridge) and Mackinaw City (south of the bridge) so you don't actually have to cross the bridge if you want to visit the island (at least in the summer).
Well, the bridge doesn't go to the island, ferries do. So then at last you can still go to the island even if you don't want to go over the bridge.
Ever been over it? It's a really long bridge and very high. .. You can look down into the water as you drive. Feels surreal.
Yeah, every time I go over I have a heart attack. Happening again in about a week, so yay
The last time I was on it was 10+ years ago. The scary part was the teeny sides it has. No higher than a regular curb.
Yes, I've driven over it in both directions.  I spent a few days on Mackinac Island and then continued on up to Saul St. Marie before turning around. I can perfectly understand how some people could be afraid.  I've also biked over the Golden Gate bridge a couple of times and the extra wind near the towers can be intimidating. The part that interests me here is that some people are afraid of not being in control and would be scared to allow someone . to drive them over the bridge.  There are people who don't fly simply because they don't trust the pilot with their own life but would be perfectly happy . a pilot..This was about 10 years ago but I took this ...Fun trivia: Some people consider Lake Michigan and Lake Huron to be a single lake with just a narrow spot where the bridge is. The two lakes have exactly the same elevation and sometimes water can flow in the opposite direction.
It's a pretty serious bridge, sure.  But when I crossed it I didn't think it was anything special..Confederation Bridge is more than twice as long, is curved, and is much sketchier than the Mackinac.
I've been over it a few times as well, I used to live in Pennsylvania and we'd vacation with my grandparents who had a cottage in DeTour village off of Lake Huron. Oddly enough I currently live in Florida right next to I75 which is the same road that is the bridge.
Funny you should post this. I'm going across the bridge in a few days. 
You haven't even spent any skill points yet, dude. 
More HDR Please. I can still make out a few details.
The construction workers must be at the other side of the bridge.
Yes, this is accurate. I've never called anyone a troll. 
No mention of the northern lights shown in this photo? 
P
I desire... fudge.
What the heck, I spent 15 years of my life right here and never saw the Northern Lights! :( 
It's not a very common sight.  I imagine that picture is probably doctored up a bit.
I spend a week there every summer and have seen northern lights many many times... .Edit: I recommend going outside sometimes. .Edit edit: I vacation a little further north of there. 
I suspected you were farther north. I actually lived right in town in St.Ignace. With the light and the trees and houses I didn't get to marvel at the night sky as much as when I also vacationed farther north in the UP..edit: Also these fifteen years were from age zero to fifteen. Not a lot of time was spent outside in the middle of the night.
This deserves a lot more karma 
GUIZ GIVE DEM MORE OF DA UPVOTES!  IS A GOOD POST!
Welcome to the North.
Winter is Coming.
We lived nearby when I was little..
Our living room window had a view of the bridge..
My dad was an ironworker. He strung the cables that hold up the bridge..
I still have a piece of that cable.
Union IW for life!
Local 25: Michigan - Mackinac Bridge.
Local 361: NYC - Shea Stadium, WTC (Original), Verrazano-Narrows Bridge, Throgs Neck Bridge..Michigan published a poster of the Mighty Mac. I found out too late and was never able to get one.
Very cool man. We have the best job in the world :)
While I am not an Ironworker, it means the life to me..
(My dad insisted that I get an indoor job.).His first job that I know of was the Prescott Bridge; we lived in Ogdensburg..One of the last ones he did was Joe Louis Arena, Detroit. I worked at the architectural firm that designed JLA and worked on the drawings. We could see the steel erection from the office windows.
Mackinac Island is my favorite place to be, so beautiful
itz alright but its no golden gate bridgge, the golden gate bridge is 100 percet american and its better
Hey look, it's a troll account in its infancy. Look at it try to annoy people and fail miserably.
Mackinac Island has nothing to do with the bridge. They are in a similar area..The island is... an island. And it is 1000% times better than the golden gate bridge. The golden gate bridge doesn't have fudge.
Last time I checked, you can see the bridge from the island and vise versa.. I'd say that they are very closely related
No fudge means no fudgies though!
Not in the same way, no.
I got engaged there (on the porch of the Grand Hotel) back in April 1996.  Love it up there. Spent lots of summers on Bois Blanc (right next door)..One winter back in the 1970s, when I was a kid, my uncle took me and my cousin on a snow mobile across the "ice bridge" from Cheboygan to Bois Blanc (we were in a trailer that the snowmobile towed). Still not sure how he and my dad got my mom to agree to that.  Maybe the coldest I've ever been.
In case you aren't aware, the Mackinac Bridge connects the lower peninsula of Michigan to the upper peninsula of Michigan which would make it 100% American.. 
gotta love michigan
YES M!CH!GAN!
GREAT LAKES, GREAT TIMES.
Does anybody want to buy a cottage on . (on the north shore, it has sandy bottom)?.
We can't keep my grandfather's property anymore.  PM me and I'll get you in touch with my Dad.
Pure Michigan. I hate our new license plates.
As a Michigan resident and license plate enthusiast, I wholeheartedly agree with this statement. 
Just thought I'd let people unfamiliar with the area know that it is actually pronounced mac-in-aw, not mac-in-ac.
And for some people. Oregon is pronounced as Or-gun. Not Or-ee-gun
Why is Macinac pronounced the same as Macinaw City? I am fully aware of the desire to call it the Macinaw bridge but, I will continue to mispronouce it until such time I understand.
I've always said "Or-ih-gone". Oops.
This mis-pronunciation is more common than it should be, cant tell you how many times I've heard it pronounced mac-in-ac..I've driven over this bridge more times than I can count. I grew up in the lower pennisula and have grandparents in South-Central UP and I also went college at Michigan Tech (north of Marquette). Half the time you don't even remember this part of the trip after you've gone over it 100+ times.
Some fun geographical trivia concerning the bridge....People North of the bridge (the Upper Peninsula) are called "Yoopers" (U.P. > you. pea. > yooper). .People South of the bridge (Lower Peninsula) are called "Trolls," because they live "under the bridge."
Fun fact, my British ex's dad would pronounce Michigan (mitchigan).  Not sure why
As a person native to Michigan, I did not know this.
Lower peninsula folk are also called "fudgies" as they travel up north for the handmade fudge. 
Also flat Landers since MI is quite flat downstate. 
No one goes north or the . bridge.  Its not a place for humans.
No, no, no, you got it all wrong, man. The Mac Bridge is the Twins crossing, the Gateway to the north. The International Bridge is the Wall. Canada is The Land of Always Winter. 
And tourists are called "Fudgies"
But fudgies go to places like Mackinac Island and Traverse city. They never step foot in the UP. Fudgies could even come from the UP
People from lower michigan don't even know the UP exists.  If you say 'I went to the upper peninsula this weekend' they are like 'oooh, yea, I went to traverse city a few years ago, so nice up there!'
Traverse City checking in.  It's true, I can't even drive in this town during the summer.  I have to go to the UP just to get away from it.  
Don't forget Cone Suckers.
FTFY :)
I'm from the U.P. I think I love you for putting this. 
as a fellow yooper I agree.
There are yoopers on reddit?
I think they're stealing wifi from petoskey
Guilty!
Can confirm.
I want to see this come up on Antiques Roadshow soooo bad
40,000 years old is pretty metal 
Naw, that's a polar bear.
"figurine".Yeah. Let us go with that.

Nailed it.
TIL the first dildo was made 40,000 years ago.
Thats really cool. Most of those ancient carvings are of ..
Looks like a potato..(blah blah blah Latvia. blah blah blah Politburo. Such is life.)
Actually, the oldest known dildo was made 
[deleted]
since you're the 2nd person to mention it, here's a 28,000 year old 
"What is it a figure of? I can't really be sure."."Uh........ lion."."What? There are no lions in this part of the world."."No it's definitely a lion."."But it doesn't look like a lion."."It's a fucking lion."

Prehistoric . lived in Europe and is often found in prehistoric art. They had much smaller manes than the lions that exist today, which is why this sculpture doesn't look very much like a lion as we think of them today.
This is very cool, thanks!
this is how mainstream science works.
"it's made of mammoth ivory"."what? there are no mammoths in this part of the world"."..."
I had no idea that German lions looked so much like bears...
What a mammoth discovery... Actually sorry, I couldn't bear holding that pun in.
now i've got a bone to pick with you.
Ivory-ly got a problem with your puns.
Tusks aren't bones, though.
You're missing the . of the comment
TIL 40,000 years ago there was someone as bad at art as I am.
Big cats use to live in Europe: .          and before that there were cave lions:. 
Today you still have isolated pockets of the Lynx.
It looks way more like a bear than a lion. 
That's a werid looking potatoe.
Body was found in 1931, the head was found sometime in the 2000s.
Doesn't really look like the two belong together.
Comment from OP with further relevant info not the top comment. 

Looks more like a polar bear. 
It looks like the lower legs are broken off as with the tail. But looking at the way the head is carved it seems more cat than bear to me.
 which included bears, cave lions, and a couple of truly amazing mammoths..It's possible that the head/body are a mismatch as the head was discovered in more recent times in a pile of dirt from the 1930s excavation. They may have compared the materials' chemical test results or have matching tool marks to indicate that the two pieces belonged together.
Looks more like a legged penis
i'm not too sure how they figured it was a lion. but seriously, lions in germany. how cool is that?
I'm sure they are present in the fossil record. I live in Nebraska and we have lions in the fossil record here and extant mountain lions.
Why do we assume the artist made it in Germany? Is there any reason it can't have been made in Africa then either brought over by one person or handed down person to person over generations and/or trade?
well i know that there were rhinos in Italy couple of thousands years ago. so lions may not be as improbable..edit - also there were lions in transcaucasia as recently as the 
They can test the mineral content of the ivory in some things now, likely they will know approximately where it came from.
Yeah I'd say that over the course of 40,000 the things probably traveled around quite a bit.
yeah I mean look at walmart it's full of chinese stuff so why can't this lion thing have come from there too
 Cave of Forgotten Dreams
There were lions in Europe as recently as antiquity.
Whatever that means.
"I am the Queen of France!"
Why is he doing that
This is now my wallpaper and shall be forevermore.
"Sometimes I just want to feel fabulous"
A response for your fancy, rainbow-hat spider:
the first and last cute spider to ever exist.
Cute and terrifying at the same time! D'AAAAWWWWWAAAAAAAAGGHGHGHGHGH!
Still more classy than this Bieber kid.
KING OF THE NOPES
That is fabulous. This should be in .Any animal can be cute.
Still NOPE.
Ehh.  Maybe. 

Afro Spider

They must have quite complex brains to accommodate 4/6 eyes?
He looks like he's sitting on a bud. 
MO-JO-JOJO!!!
FAAAABULOUS!!!
He has a Fro!
Jumping spiders a fucking adorable. There's a kind in Sydney that wear brightly coloured boxing gloves and speak to each other in semaphore  
Still has a hint of creepy to it
Or too much hair-gel. 
 
spiderfro
is... is  he sitting on top of a nug of weed?
Like a sirachnid
I hate spiders but this bugger is cool.
I never get tired of this 
These spiders are actually a lot of fun. They're quite small- in the northern US, they would fit comfortably on the flat side of a pen. The ones in the south are about the size of a penny..If you ever see one, give it a little prod. They jump at lightning speed with amazing accuracy. I don't think they can bite either, which is a bonus if they happen to jump on you. Definitely the cuddliest member of the spider world.
Have you been letting a human stroke you?.(I hope someone gets the reference)
Don' trust this mother fucker. Everyone knows that spiders will attack you with a drop of a hat.
Where did he get that 
I enjoy this.

It's like a rainbow afro made out of a tiny water drop.
Those eyes stare into your soul.
Reminds me of a species from Arthur Clark's Rama quadrilogy. They communicated with bands of color.
How big are those spiders?
When I can see the spider's eyes, it's actually a little cute. 
is that even a 59/50?
It's a fabulous hat! 
Rasta spider.
I really enjoyed that picture when I saw it yesterday.
See even spiders are getting in on gay marriage, Go you spiders! We Share a common enemy... The Fly.
As a Team Fortress 2 player and a spider hater, I have conflicted emotions here.
I like my swag.
Where's . when you need him?
STOP SPIDERS PAIN SCARED
Is that spider campaigning for gay marriage?
My spirit guide has manifested!!!
I have to downvote because why the fuck would you post a terrifying spider??!??!?
Rastafarian spider notwithstanding
I'm having second thoughts about squishing it. .Sort of cute if you can get past the hairy legs. 
Jumping spiders are undoubtedly the most adorable of spiders.
That's not a hat, it's a crown.  
Shower cap
Ya know, spiders aint that bad after all...
Why do jumping spiders do this? We need you, .!
I asked unidan about this yesterday. She said pretty much the same thing as 
ME AND UNIDAN HAVE THE SAME THOUGHTS THIS IS THE GREATEST DAY OF MY LIFE!!!

I dont think its biology it's probably just rainwater that gets stuck on them because of thier fur and the surface tension of the water
Eh, I'll take it. Rainwater or dew from the plants they're exploring. It's just so damn cute!
Just back from a spider Pride parade I'm guessing.
I'm pretty, oh so pretty.
now my desktop wallpaper
Rainbow afro...
rasta spidermon
Yeah, in macro things can get quite twisted. Or at least not as you've seen them.
As an arachnaphobe, jumping spiders/pictures of jumping spiders do still give me a mild amount of anxiety, but they're just so gosh darn cute that I try to ignore it as best I can. They're the only spiders I can stand.  
He's back

r/spiderbro assemble
Reporting in. This is fucking adorable.
New . pyro hat
That really would be a cool idea for a hat..  Quick, someone model it while we're fascinated with droplet hats!
I aww'ed
He can scare me anytime he wants.
That is the most adorable spider I have ever seen
Am I the only one with severe enough arachnophobia to still be put on edge by these "cute" spider pictures?
They're cute, but I still NOPE the fuck out.
Jumping spiders are the only spiders ill allow to live 
Same. I can't explain why, but they are cute. The ones that scurry about are from the pits of hell. 
Spiderbro remembered your birthday and didn't want to be under dressed.
It looks like a rainbow afro.

Reminded me of 
A rainfrow.

Reddit sometimes makes me feel like I'm in Groundhog Day.
Tell me about it. I keep seeing the things I've posted, over and over again. 
Thanks for this.  I've yet to see a picture of a spider with a water droplet on its head that hasn't been posted before.  That's why I posted mine as a comment instead of trying to reap karma for a repost.
Do you ever have dj vu, Mrs. Lancaster? I don't think so, but I could check with the kitchen.
I saw this post yesterday as well, and while I understand that being a Tommy Try-hard on Reddit is largely frowned upon, I wish people would try a . harder to disguise their inspiration
Tell me about it. I keep seeing the things I've posted, over and over again.
Picture credit goes to ....
While I still think these are all very cool, it's just a bit strange that most of the images inside of the droplets are shopped in, I mean I recognize that multi-colored leaf thing from a stock art thing -- and the backgrounds seem to be imposed too.  Anyways, not trying to say it's bad, I really enjoy these pictures, very groovy, just kind of surprised me to recognize something from a random stock pic..edit:  there it be -- .2nd edit:  I'm too skeptical, thanks for clearing up how it was done u/Difren
The one with the butterfly things inside the hat.. Just sayin, dude's got style
Those are some fancy-ass spiders.
They should have a subreddit for this.
OP even posting the credits in comments! You are one great karmawhore, I reckon. You really know how to get that karma. :p
They're not photoshopped in, actually. The drops are placed on the spiders head, while the spider is placed in front of a blown up image (The stock image you found, for example). The image in the drop is just the background image refracted to appear tiny and "inside" the drop..
Look up "water drop refraction art" to find some really neat examples people have done!
Ohhhh -- wow, ok, that is super cool.  Thanks for clearing that up for me :)  Now to blow my afternoon googling water drop refraction art.
was hoping there'd be one where I could caption and say "I should buy a boat".  :(
Why didnt you just use rhe same title as the last guy who posted this? Or the many others who also posted this.
because karma...
I didn't realize spiders wearing water hats was a thing.
They all seem to be the same species of spider, is there a particular reason they wear the drops on their heads? The only thing I could think of was transporting it to their young or maybe to cool down. 
My assumption is that the photographer hit them with a spray misting bottle to create interesting photos. I've never heard of jumping spiders routinely having water drops on their heads. Err... then again, I know jack squat about jumping spiders.
Yup there was already a post about that on reddit, the photographer used a pipette to put drop on their head.
As . points out below, the water was put on the head of the spider by the photographer. The reason the spiders all look of the same species is because they indeed are: They were the species used for the photo-shoot. They happen to be jumping spiders..In fact, . found the same article I did and it . like the photographer would've actually been putting these little gals into danger while applying the water. On the head is apparently okay, but on the abdomen he might've suffocated them (again, apparently). . No, there is no breed or species of spider that naturally seeks out to wear water droplets as a hat. .Although that would be cool and endearing, it's simply a photographer having some fun with pet spiders. The rumor that this is something the spider might seek out to do naturally stems from this . 
Some spiders determine "pecking order" or dominance in fights by assessing their opponent's size/weight.  Having water on its head would make the spider a more formidable opponent (in terms of weight). 
relevant article ..
Gotta love spiderbro, always got them fancy hats on.
ey mon, wanna get baked and eat some o dis jerk fly?
Looked it up for you, this is what I found on caring for jumping spiders.."Spiders breathe with structures called book lungs that are located in the abdomen of the spider (it does not breathe through any structures in its head as some creatures do).  These book lungs are much like pages of a book, hence their name.  If you put water on the abdomen of a spider, the water could get between the pages and it could suffocate.  Spiders need very small droplets of water only.  If you have a misting bottle, one small squirt of water mist on the side of its cage every few days should be plenty.  Otherwise, just drip a few drops on the side of the cage.  No puddles, or else your spider could .".I think the water drops are on their heads out of convenience.
The guy on the right is golden...
Nashville represent!!!
I suspect that R Kelly is somehow behind this
its fun to paint the ice. even more fun to lay the top layers that bring it up to the required thickness..used to lay ice once a year at the mgm grand garden arena. ice is fun
The two best reasons to do ANYTHING
Go Preds
So, that looks like frozen pee. (.).The only other colored ice I've seen was .Edit: unnecessary words
Out of context, the title of this post sounds soooo wrong.
They need to drink more water.
Two of the greatest reason to do anything, EVER!
frozen piss
Urine for a great time. 
LET'S GO PRED-A-TORS!!!!!
This is why i love my city.
I remember before we moved from KY to Nashville, i was like hockey is for girls.... went to 1 game of the Nashville Preds, i will never enjoy a sport as much as i do hockey. Been to Titans and Preds live games and hockey is just so energetic and amazing. 
Did they use the piss of dehydrated children?
As a Preds fan, it's nice to see them popping up on my favorite Website! 
Something about the name "Nashville Predators" doing something for kids doesn't sound right...
The Sandusky logo on their jerseys is kind of shady.
Am I the only one who read this as Nashville predators painting ice gold to attract young kids so that they could prey upon them?
Because the kids probably play better hockey than the team anyway...
Sandusky logo?
Jeez they could have just used different colors lighting to achieve the same effect.
now ill be able to follow the puck on t.v.
The way people act around here, you'd think the streets were paved with gold.
Because we can. For the good of all of us, except the ones who are dead.

Gwinnett and most of their league do it for breast cancer awareness. Its called "Pink in the Rink."
If only they didn't suck...
That's a whole lot of piss
That's a lot of pee. 
What about hockey gives off the impression that it's for girls?
Hey i work all the concerts that happen here!
Points for effort, but they never paint it deep enough. It comes off too easy. I played goalie and we had an advertiser logo painted in the crease. Damn thing stained my pads green (it was a yellow/blue mix).
That was my first thought too. You did this for the kids... All they're going to do is make jokes about the ice looking like piss.
Go Preds!
Yeah I mean, I'm 90% sure they just get the team to piss on the ice and then freeze it..Also, that pink ice looks like the floor of a hotel.
That's pretty cool, its too bad they're so terrible at hockey
Fang Fingers!
As an NHL fan...I kinda hope this becomes a thing occasionally for special games/events...would love to see the Hawks on red ice.
No way.  Hawks on green ice for St.  Patrick day 
Imagine trying to see a pick on red ice? It would be pretty difficult.
Red or blue ice would be a bad idea unless you changed the colors of the lines.
You could make the lines white if the ice was a dark enough color, you might want to do the same with the puck. Or make it neon and have black lights.
Now you're talking, black light hockey.  Imagine how the blood and teeth would stand out!
I'd be okay with it.
I've played on rinks dyed pink for breast cancer awareness games.. "Pink the rink." Stuff stained my socks and jersey terribly. Cool idea, but it would take some work to get it right.
it was probably colored incorrectly, top layer of ice colored. When making ice you do it in layers, after a few layers you paint the lines on and then flood the rest of the rink to build up the thickness. .*Worked as a Facility Operator driving the ice re-surfacer and overseeing the refrigeration plant operations, also made the ice.
Don't get all fancy pants on us. Say, "Zamboni."
Zamboni is the brand and the name of the guy who invented them, Ice Resurfacing Machine is the product name. 
Yeah, I can't imagine being a guitarist out there.
Unless he played the slide guitar.
Probably breaks NHL rules
I've seen them do it for . but I'm assuming only endzones/logos for professional teams. The NHL rules (.) . specifically call out white, .edit: I don't read gud.
Uh the ice isn't painted white.....
 .Relevant section:
Section 1, rule 1.3 - 
Shit, I skipped over that when I ctrl+f'd. Why would they call out the majority of the ice in the "Boards and Glass" section and not the "Rink" section?
I would assume that most of these rules were written over a few pitchers of beer after a shinny game. 
The boards are white and then get ads plastered all over them.
I think the predators should be careful stating that they do . for children.  Well, unless they want to start showing up in those kinds of search results...
Yeah as an Australian reading that I had to read the title a few times before realising it wasn't talking about paedophiles
"Hey kids. Want to see my golden ice?"
Don't eat the yellow snow!
Indeed.  It doesn't look like golden ice...  It looks like frozen piss.
You might need to drink a bit more water if your piss is that vibrant. 
Doesn't look like there is any ice yet, they're just painting the floor before they add the water.
That wasn't sarcastic
Yay, Tennessee on Reddit and it isn't redneckery!
Yeah, but for everyone else we read Predators as the sexual kind. I had to reread it to realize this must be a hockey team.
You don't think it's redneckery, but you're not thinking about how they got golden ice.
I feel ya.  Most posts about Arkansas involve some kind of random podunkery.
well...it's about hockey, so it kind of still is.  but still it's good.
Hmm hockey is more popular in the northern / Yankee states .. So ... No ..
Rednecks are no longer bound to the southern states.  Also, hockey is very popular in Canada.  You've never seen a Canadian redneck?.EDIT:  I mean, think about it, really.  The popularity tilt to the north absolutely stems from regional convenience.  In the 19th century, the sport could only be played where bodies of water would freeze naturally..If you examine the similarities to NASCAR, it is an ideal redneck sport.  Mostly appreciated by the rural, working class; mullets and missing teeth are not only accepted, but celebrated; and, instead of sitting around, drinking and waiting for a crash, you're sitting around, drinking and waiting for a fight, but the concept is the same.  The only thing the rednecks wouldn't like about hockey are the foreigners..I should also point out that I like hockey, and I knew this would invite a barrage of downvotes, but I think it's funny because I'm stupid..2ND EDIT:  Sigh, .I've learned today not to drink and reddit.
You claim hockey fandom and also claim hockey fans "sit around and wait for a fight". .Yeah I'm calling bullshit
I'm willing to concede that I'm not funny, but you guys are taking me way too seriously.
Redneck just means you like to drink a ton of beer and don't care ("give a rat's ass") about politics. A drawl is also required, so yeah, it's a southern thing..Nobody wants to watch a bunch of men hitting a puck with sticks down here. We don't even get natural ice. Hockey is a game of the north.
If you think all hockey is is waiting around for a fight then you don't like hockey.
They will make hot babies
camping trip? didnt know coleman made a tent out of khaki 
I see gravity doing exactly what its supposed to. If you watch the full video of this snuff film, you will see that she continues to NOT defy gravity.
[deleted]
This is the greatest photo ever
where did he find shorts large enough to contain the balls this photo took to take
In fact it looks like they are using gravity to stand there.
No, he's just holding her.
You mean Using gravity
The sex must be amazing.
Defying gravity is impossible. They are . gravity. 
Why do redditors care so much about whether someone is technically defying gravity?
To me it looks like he's using her as a water bottle.
yoga girls are so fucking hot. 
And every other couple hated them forever.  The end.
This is an intense and incredibly sexy shot. Good stuff.
Bet they have great sex... just hours and hours of great sex.
Turn the couple 180, striped naked, exposing every tense muscle, take out the buildings below, & you have yourself fine art.
wtf does this guy do to have that type of body... like he is buff but not huge, srsly whats the strat D:
That's a sports body, not a gym body. If I had to guess I'd say climber or surfer, or maybe an aerobic team sport (Lacrosse or something). Source: I live in northern california.
Otter mode, he may have been a 90 lb weakling growing up and decided to hit the gym one day..Lacking fat you get to show your gains right away, rather than bulking and cutting.
If you're actually interested, I know lots of guys that look like this. They're the kind I usually go for, actually. They usually spend every waking hour of free time chasing whatever their addiction is, say climbing, surfing, mountain biking, etc., and spend a few hours in the gym each week doing some core and lifting to prevent injuries. Very different look than gym rat lifting muscles, as you noticed, and to a lot of women much more attractive ;). It's not the kind of look that you go get on purpose, it's the kind that develops secondarily to and entire lifestyle. 
I chase whatever my addiction is, too.  It's just that it's playing computer games and drinking beer.
if only you were a little taller you would have felt the joke and not the breeze as it traveled over your head.
Fixed your retarded title for you.
Great pic!
Well if my gf and I tried this we would both die, painfully.
that is some serious trust
How long did she roll for after he dropped her?
She's still rolling.
In the deep.
awesometastic photo
yoga.
I think this picture serves as an apt metaphor depicting women being held up by the strength of men.
This is a gorgeous picture. 
Wow those are attractive people!
As a skinnyfat single girl, I have a strong love-hate feeling about this picture.
what is "skinnyfat"
Skinny is a description of someone's thickness and fat is the description of their body composition. As opposed to skinny and lean. 
Skinny limbs paired with poor eating habits that have led you to gain weight in your mid section before you start gaining it in other parts of your body. This is more common among men than women, as men gain weight fat in their stomachs first..Depends on your body type as well. Not an attractive look on men.
I think she means that she's skinny, but not in shape.
strong dude and woman that has a strong core.
this is so beautiful and it made me smile :)
They must have amazing sex...
What if their sex is actually terrible?
I bet they have great sex
Did you take this photo?  It looks like the platform just off stunt road. Am I right? 
It's actually a Facebook friend and her boyfriend. I wasn't there when the pic was taken, I'm just a fan. :)
keep this shit on facebook
keep this facebook on shit
fuck you
It's actually fucking shallow and annoying, you really know these assholes?
I hope you got their permission to post this publicly (and get karma for it).
Wow,  where was this taken?  Looks familiar... 
You think he works out?
and I'm just sitting here masturbating
He is lifting with his right arm...
So what you're saying is that the left arm is free?
I think he lifts
He did at least once.
actually probably just a yoga couple. most yoga dudes are pretty strong and dont have to lift like body builders lift.
By yoga do you mean crunches?  I didn't know tree pose built abs like that.
Abs like that are built with table-push-aways.
And a good diet.
And fork-puttdowns
And diarrhea.
That's some sexy shit right there!  
It turns from sexy to depressing as you get older.  I can't even imagine trying that with my wife now.  We'd probably break something.
Likely each other.
Obviously they're not "defying" gravity. But the way they make it look so effortless just made me of that title.
Obviously you could spend another minute to think of a more accurate title.
No, you just gave it an idiotic, super pretentious title, just like the other 95% of pictures that make the front page.
You're not wrong. You're just an asshole.
What title would you have preferred?  Honestly, I don't even read the titles of picture posts most of the time.
I don't know. Something like "Upvote this attractive couple because they can do something you can't and they're kissing at the same time".
I should work out.
 welcomes you.
Every time I view that subreddit I always feel like it's just, "GO HARD. DON'T QUIT. GYM 10 DAYS A WEEK. GO TIL YOU PUKE.".It's just so overwhelming for someone just starting.
Not necessarily.  I've been going there pretty frequently and there's a good mix.  Yes, there are some "DRINK A CUP OF MTFU AND JUST DO IT!" comments but usually they're trying (though possibly failing) to be good-hearted.  That or I've just been lucky in what I've read..I will say, there are plenty that really do push the lifting 3 days a week mentality.  Personally, I like doing that but there are many that are happy to chime in on how to help you with cardio and bodyweight type exercises to get you in better shape and/or losing weight.  .If you pop in, do ask questions.  They do a weekly Moronic Monday questions thread which is a good chance to ask something if you're feeling apprehensive.  There's also some good information in the FAQs.
Yeah . isn't so kind to the non-meat heads or beginners. I picked up a copy of the governators book "education of a body builder" and it's been incredibly helpful. It's an incredibly easy read with lots of pictures, the first half is dedicated as a biography and the second half is all exercises and routines. It's inspirational, down to earth, and encourages overall health. I've been doing four days a week (plus two days of just light cardio on top) routine that he lays out in the book. Arnold is a very inspirational person who encourages you every step of the way, no matter what your level of fitness. If you stick with it, in three months you'll see results like I did. 

What's the sub that's full of this? Stumbled upon it a while back, this shit makes me chuckle...
 and . 
This really needs to be higher up on these comments.
No, they're not.
FALSE
Your FALSE is false.
So it's TRUE!
Thankfully not, otherwise they'd be ejected into space.
IN space, at least just outside our atmosphere there is the exact same, (Almost but so insignificant of a difference that its is the same to 2 d.p. or so) so if you were just in space you would still fall towards Earth because of it is a large body of mass pulling stuff towards it by gravity. The only reason that Astronauts float in ISC (International space Centre) is because orbiting is basically falling, but they fall into the space in which the Earth was, so that they don't crash , the falling applies a force equal and opposite to G that means they float in "Zero" G.
My great grandmother got a letter like this, but from the Pope for her 100th last year. Even got a giant signed picture that hangs in her room. It was pretty cool for someone that used to walk to walk a mile to church in her 90s still every Sunday.
Never understood why people wrote dates like that instead of the more natural looking July 18th, 2013
Ahaha, good try! 
day<month<year
makes perfect sense, no?
 by the queen
I thought that it was signed by one of the members of Queen....now I'm dissapointed,
My Nana died about a week before their 60th wedding anniversary, we tried to get the letter from the Queen cancelled but alas it was too late.  My Grandad got the card and was really upset.  About a month later another letter arrives from the Queen's private secretary with a handwritten apology for any distress they may have caused.  Pure class.
Hey  can you kind of blot out your grandmothers name for safty reasons.Congrats though!
My great grandmother received something like this from Vaclac Havel, which in my opinion is much cooler.
My assumption is that it's shorthand for "The 18th day of July"..Also, as spiffco7 points out, day<month<year.I don't know why you think putting the month first is more 'natural'
Mostly like for the same reason I do. I grew up with the date having the month first, so I am use to that format. Any other format just looks odd to me.
I think this is an american vs canadian format thing.  I am Canadian and I rarely see the day<month<year format. To me the properest way is year<monday<day particularly for files/sorting.
Was expecting it to say: "haha, I'll still outlive you. Biotch!"
Queen ElijabethR? Cool!
I read that in the Queen's voice..But I'm American, so I don't really know what her actual voice sounds like, I just know the typical 'Queen impression' voice that people always use.
Go on YouTube and look up "Queen's Christmas message" - you'll find several examples.
In Ireland you get a letter from the president and 2 grand.  So you can have a party I imagine
Fucking grandpa died 3 months from his 100th
What a selfish bastard. 
That's rather good.
Even the Queen of England has to respect her elders.
If she doesn't they may shave her entire body and make her walk across town naked.
....No thank you.
God damnit Ch0rt, read a book for once in your life.
If such a thing happens, afterwards she may get a trial (by combat).
I don't remember reading that.
Queen Ely aheltR 
This is done in America too. On your hundredth, should you be so fortunate, you'll get an autosigned letter from the president
My grandparents celebrated their 60th wedding anniversary on the Queens 60th yr of being the queen and they got a card, was pretty cool. The front of it was just a big picture of her face.. 
Don't you actually have to apply to get one of those? Or that's at least what I let QI tell me.

 yep, i used to apply for them for older people,now i ask other people to apply for them... promotion hey?
My Grandma turned 100 in America, and got one from the president.
My grandmother got one of these last year, and I didn't even think of trying to farm it for karma!.I'm a terrible redditor.
now's your time to shine! Go take a picture of it and label "My Grandma got one too last year!"
When Elizabeth II turns 100, will she sent one of those cards?
And did she sign the one to her mother (who made it to 101) as lilibet or as 'Elizabeth'. Assuming the queen mother got one of course.  
My great grandmothers older sister will turn 100 on wednesday!!.Two years ago, when we celebrated her 98th birthday my mother said:."- So, now it's only two years left until 100. Then you'll get a letter from the king!"
(We're Swedish).She answered:."- Really? Do I?! Then I'll make sure I make it to 100!".Damn, she is cool!! Can't wait until wednesday!
I had a dream about the king of Sweden..He gave me things, that I was needen.
My great gramps once got a letter signed from the Queen too. Though his was in the form of a .. 
Care to give more info? What did he do and why did the queen get involved?
What did he do?
Killed a man in Reno just to watch him die.
*Shot..You fool.

So this is what I have been told and even I was skeptical till I saw the prerogative. He lived in Kerry, Ireland and around 1917-18 he was caught out past curfew, arrested (this was the murky part of the story, no one knows for sure why he was arrested he liked to give different answers but defaulted to curfew), and sentenced to be hanged. His sister was somehow able to help him escape from jail, he hopped on a ship and made his way to the US where his other sisters were living and he made a life for himself. Fast forward to around 1984 he is a few years away from death, blind, and living with my grandmother in the US when a package for him comes from the British Government. It had the prerogative and an apology saying that he can return to Ireland and does not need to fear harassment. .When I did genealogical research I tried to find more information on it but there does not seem to be a Prerogative of Mercy database (we have one in the states for presidential pardons) and I have not been able to find any court or other information regarding the arrest. 
Dat moment when you're out past your bedtime and you are sentenced to be hanged.
I'm pretty sure Ireland wouldn't have carried out the sentence.  Or extradited him.
I love how her signature is "Elizabeth R" where R stands for regina, latin for queen.
Elyzabeth
Is it not Elijabeth like Elijah?
I was wondering about that. "Queen of England can't even spell her own name right?!" Nope, just latin. Of course.
Try that one again
Technically, she is, even if that's not her title. She's also the Queen of Canada, the Queen of Australia, etc.
Yeah there's a few Latin things like that. On British coins it says F.D which stands for fidei defensor or defender of the faith in Latin and it comes from when Henry VII shut down the catholic monasteries and created the Church of England.
It was Henry VIII who created the Church of England. Not his father.
Sorry, in my country we don't have figure heads for no reason. 
I bet you're a real hit at parties
Keeps you Americans spending though doesn't it
Oh, there most certainly is a ..
First of all it's Henry VIII who shut down the catholic monasteries during the reformation. Secondly he received the Defender of the Faith title for a piece he wrote when he was much younger which actually promoted papal supremacy. Although the title was later rescinded during his excommunication, he kept using it, and it is kept in use until this day.

Signed by auto-pen, or printed, but not signed by the Queen. Congrats to your gran tho!
Well, quill tips do sorta look like that.
That sucks. I'd want her actually signature. But then again, I'd be 100. So, I probably wouldn't care at that age. 
a few years ago a friend of the family turned 100 and the letter from the queen seemed hand signed (ink blotchy spot on part of it), whereas the one from the governor general did not. .Maybe she doesn't sign them by hand anymore as she's getting old and probably the number needed is becoming excessive.   By my number crunching from (.) there are somewhere around 25-30 000 centenarians total in one of her kingdoms, which means she would be looking at ~5000-10000 per yea likely needing to be filled out, if not a bit more.  30 a day would be a lot on top of all of the other stuff that needs to be signed.  
I do believe a family member has to request a card, they don't just go out automatically.
Edit: 
A card is sent out for each birthday past 99 not just on the 100th.
So 80 or 90 a day on average.  Seems like a lot for an 87 year old honestly, given especially that she has well, other stuff to do.  
Especially her great grand kid is due any time now!
Which for most 87 year olds would be enough excitement for the rest of their lives.  
To be able to live till your great grand kid is out? That's already an accomplishment! 
yeah , should have said 'signed'
What is it that the queen signs as her last name?
Its an R for Regina, from  Elizabeth Regina, the Latin form of Queen Elizabeth II. 
How expectedly preposterous.
I imagine its Windsor as she is of House Windsor.
He was a handsome guy!
I wonder how old the dog is... Probably not very playful these days
Happy 103rd! I would love to sit and listen to your stories!
What an adorable picture. Happy Birthday, Grandpa! All the best to you! :)
I would like to see pics of his progress from boy, to teenager, to young adult, to father, to grandfather. 
lil creepy there buddy
AMA? He saw WWI through a child's eyes and was a man in WWII. He was almost a senior in Vietnam and experienced depression and booms...I could go on. But I would love to ask questions about his pony if view on different events in history and experiences.
My great-grandfather lived until he was 103; I was born just before his one hundredth birthday. Good on yours for still kicking!
Make sure and post this again when he dies for maximum karma whoring.
almost 1000 years old in dog years!
Is his dog named skip? 
baus
Happy Birthday:

somehow i think your maths is bad... im coming up with 97
He looks to be about 6 in the picture which would make 1910 his birth year. Which would then make 2013 to be 103 years. Not a newborn in the picture from 1916.
I've had a couple of centurions on my dads side if the family. The stories they can tell are amazing! Just think, he's seen more than most of us will ever see. 
Your Great-Grandpa looks like Shia LaBeouf.
I like the fact that even when pictures were rare, people still took pictures of their dogs.
Somebody colorize this!
What tribe is he from?
Flashy dresser! 
so then, how old do you think that dog is?
Cool. Do you have a recent picture of him? A side-by-side comparison would be interesting..A photo recreation of this would be even more awesome :) But that might be a little much to ask.
SHIT!! hahaha I KNEW there was something way too obvious I was missing. I should delete that but I believe in paying for my mistakes
I also thought this for a second.  Luckily I caught myself before I made a comment about it.  Upvote for honesty though.
I made the same mistake. 
That is awesome!.Does he still have the dog?
and nobody had the heart to tell justinsayin
Possibly stuffed and used as a pillow.
ITT: people don't understand what "content" is...
They built George Clinton's stage set up?
Cool!  What was your grandad's job?  That was an amazing time.
So it's not your OC but your grandfathers?.Fucking OP, always stealing everyone's shit.
You're just reposting your grandfathers content.  You created nothing original.
So this is where they filmed the moon landing.
Still not OC because you didn't take the original picture. You took a picture of the original picture. 
Nuclear Sub Captain.
Tell me he was Rickover and I'll worship you.
Negative, Grandfather never made Admiral, he retired as a Captain, and was either a Lt Commander or Commander at the time. 
Oh well.  Still very cool.  Not very many people can say they captained a nuclear sub.
Needless to say, I am very proud to be his grandchild. 
The command module was never on the moon. Michael Collins just orbited the moon.
Yea shame my grandpa didn't take a selfie with George and the rest of the band, you know Neil on the bass, Buzz on the drums, and Mike on the jazz flute.
This is my proudest original content....something I took from someone else.
So not only has it been reposted but it also isn't even your OC irl. Sehr cool..I do like the picture though.
It is most definitely my OC. 

I hate reddit
Reddit it is typically fair. The repost you're referring to is be the same OP. Why don't you check next time instead of being an asshat.
Now I hate reddit even more 
That picture is righteous.
Me too man, me too... Yet we always come back..Didn't mean to be a dick, just wanted to defend OP since it was his picture and not a repost, even though OP is a fag :)
One of the hardest parts about being OP, always a fag.
my grandfather worked on the thrusters for the lunar lander. i assume this is the original moon landing lunar lander, in which case he worked on that and our grandfathers might know each other!
Uhh, yeah...that isn't the lunar lander, it's the ..  
fake - joro confirmed it
Wow, OP sure is getting a lot of shit in this thread. Get your shit together.
Yeah my grandparents worked for NASA but they can't speak shit about it :(.
That's badass, do you know what they worked on(like what part of the program)? My grandfather just happened to be stationed at the base in HI they took it to after splashdown.
I have no idea what "OC" is.  .I am not hip. 
Original content.
Is that before or after Jeff Goldblum got stuck inside?
multi-million dollar capsule...15 dollar fan cooling the guys working on it
Note the high tech cooling device on the left.  I find it amazing that today we have such high speed computers capable of doing so much and yet we went to the moon and back using mostly slide rules with only 3 places of accuracy. 
If your grandfather took this pic, then is it still 'your' OC?

Why?
That sure is a big sound stage!
It's not OC if your Grandpa took the picture
I wonder if my old electronics professor was there, Ziggy Robinson - supposedly he did most of the wiring on that bad boy.
This is the command module, so it never was on the moon. He was stationed at the base it was taken to after splashdown. That is really fucking cool about the thrusters though. I can't even imagine how badass that would be. 
ah okay, it looked a bit like the lunar lander but now that i think about it they left most of the lunar lander on the moon
Shame he didn't get the picture of them prying Michael Collins hands off the stick saying "Its ok buddy you made it down"....
That ride down must have been a wild fucking ride. 
The reference is lost on me.

This is your grandpa's oc. Not yours. 
"OC" has lost all meaning. I subscribe to the downvote-and-move-on plan.
What does the C in OC stand for, again? Content, right? You sure it wasn't "Cameraoperatoratthetimeofthepicture"?
But the O is for original. As in, where it originated from. Which was not you..It's unique content, not original.
No big deal, just want to show people this sweet-ass piece of history.
again..
.because this has been overposted?.because no new users have come to reddit in the last year?.because nobody on the planet likes space anymore?
Pre or post flight? It looks discoloured on the underside, so I'm going to guess post flight.
Post splashdown, this is a hangar in Hawaii.
I know you're getting grief for posting this, but I for one think it's cool.
meh greif is greif, no big deal. Glad you like it. I really have to go through more of my grandfather's old pictures.
Be careful, we found some from when my grandparents visited a nudist beach.
You wanked to your grandma didn't you?
haha no we don't all sink that low.
FTFY: "grief is grief" :)
Spelling was never one of my strengths. Thanks. 

What cross posts are taboo now too?
It's reddit, everything is taboo, unless you are the one doing it. 
TIL: Reposting on reddit is a crime punishable by death.
[deleted]
Don't even care that you posted this twice.  It's a cool picture.
what am I bullshitting?
I like it better than the NASA stock photos people post around this time, it reminds me of my grandpa, keeps him alive in some way.
...or a smart-assed comment, but feel free to take it to that extreme if you like.
I like the smart-asstitude.


I hate to be that guy but . on both posts
i agree with you, i never thought he lied.
well technically it's his grandfather's OC, not his, but that's entirely another debate...
Technically he has no pulse, so it falls to me to show what he saw first hand.
then . comment.
the comment where i reminded OP that he already posted this?.while . have . guy.
I think he knows that he already posted it, I have faith in OP's capabilities 
i still fail to see how anything i said would imply that OP lied.  it's just a lighthearted jab at OP's cross-posting, as if to say, "cool story, tell it again".hummingbirds . you 

i appreciate your input, my illiterate friend.  
I will try my goodest until that point in time when we will come across each other another time. 

made me smile, good on you!
Cutie-Patootie
I'm relatively sure this is going to be hitting the front page soon, because you're a pretty girl who's doing a nice thing for an underprivileged child, and Reddit likes that sort of thing.
come on . don't fail me now...

Especially when reddit learns this...
so true...
That's not fair. It's not like she has some sexual innuendo username...oh nevermind.
Congratulations!  By accepting the necklace, flowers, and taking a picture, you have now officially and legally adopted this Honduran girl.
What you didn't know is she is pickpocketing you and will later steal your identity. 
which one is OP?
Banana holster.  :D  I GET IT!
I dont usually do this but will you marry me, let downvotes BEGIN
I will adopt the little girl if you go on a date with me? Hah
...a necklace that she made herself at her factory job...
"necklaces come, from a can. They were put there by a man, in a factory----downtown"
Movin' to Honduras, gonna buy a lot of necklaces
Is it terrible that I just got butterflies in my tummy at the thought of being on the front page..? 
Just wait to see what you get in your inbox...
I thought about that and almost didn't post, but she was so sweet and such a character I had to. 
Yeah there you go Bananaholster, do it for the kids...
Oh, it's gonna happen... 20 points in 1 hour? Get your popcorn ready!
This is sweet and all, But I swear its like Facebook. Reddit gets all touchy saying "WERE NOT LIKE FACEBOOK" but . might as well be. Still a nice picture, OP.
I don't frankly understand what the fuss is all about.
he looks like a trailer park lesbian 
Oh, Hal.
like father and son
one of my favorite scenes with these two

Who would have guessed that Bryan Cranston would be the one to go on to be a mega star? 
Oh Bryan Cranston, please spread your wisdom upon him.
Yo, Mr. White!
Frankie Muniz is in a Band Now, just an FYI
Jesus it's like the 80s all over again.
I'll always remember Cranston teaching Muniz how to disco skate. Funniest episode ever. 
That is a scummy little 'stache...
Is anybody else wondering what is up with his hair?
A jacket. With tiny arms. T-Rex would have loved that.
"Malcolm, we need to cook."

To bad Frankie Muniz wasted all his money and now has to cut his own hair
Wow, Frankie is like a shorter, less attractive Jessie!
Frankie looks like Myle Cyrus... :/
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT THING ATTACKING WALTER?!
Frankie Muniz should have played as Jesse in Breaking Bad...
He probably just thinks its pinkman
"Jesus Christ! The fuck happened to you?"
His ears are so low and that haircut doesnt help
I was all like, "Ha, what the hell do these two have to do with each ohhhh that's right."
What is with his hair?  Is he now a professional soccer player?
Are we sure that's not Miley Cyrus?
that's respect right there. there probably good friends
Malcom's hover hand. 
Don't ask me why but this makes me think Bryan Cranston smells good
Who told him that that hair was a good idea??
We Demyx now.
Love the guy, but that hair disturbs me.
Ex-Father and son.
Muniz with the hover hand.
His band is actually pretty decent.
I love this
What the fuck happened to his hair?
I wonder if Frankie will appear in breaking bad, that would be awesome.
Crazy hair and 40000000 more dollars than I got. 
I have no room to judge.
That hair!
TIL I have Frankie Muniz's same haircut...practically.
"Please, please get me some work Bryan"
who the fuck is that weird lookin kid and what did he do with malcom
If this isn't on the set of a Breaking Bad/Cody Banks cross-over, I'm leaving.
Him and the band he is in performed at my local park on the 4th of July. It was pretty cool and they werent that bad! He was the drummer.
From this picture, Muniz looks like he could have played a pretty good Jesse Pinkman. 
It's nice that they're that close - Frankie showed up to an important event of Bryan's.
I know it's been ~5 season now but it still completely blows my mind that HAL and HEISENBERG are played by the same guy..Acting.
When did Frankie Muniz start looking like such a freaking douche bag? 
I saw this post and thought: "Why the fuck would Bryan Cranston be talking to frikin Frankie Muniz?"..... oh yea
Dude, that's Miley Cyrus.
My friend's band has played a few shows with his. He tells me Frankie is a really cool guy and very easy to talk to.
Bryan Cranston is an amazing actor! Look how he's acting like he doesn't think Frankie has the stupidest haircut he's ever seen. 
He's a race car driver, and he's in a band.
I met Frankie a few times here in AZ, he lives close to a hotel I used to work at and would frequent the pool deck on the weekends. He was always super cool and nice to everyone, and he always had women flocking to him due to this celebrity status. 
Frankie has the smallest ears I have ever seen... In my life!!!!
Wtf he looks like the gutter punks I've seen trying to hitch hike. Stash does not suite him.
Dig the mohawkish hair. Wish I had the balls to wear one.
Look like his homies got to him
Sinead O'Connor?
"Congratulations, son.  We killed the bitch."
Wow, Frankie Muniz did not age well.
Malcolm in the middle was an awesome show.
Frankie Muniz looks like a lesbian.
Muniz is such a tool. 
Fuck Muniz looks like a complete douche
Looks like they are about to kiss.
Shame Frankie Muniz has to look like such a jerkoff.
I was unaware that Frankie Muniz was still alive
Frankie Muniz has some tiny ears.
everyone is talking about hair or looks, I'm just annoyed that the pushed up sports coat is making a comeback.
I............would...................like...............to....................see...............Stevie.................make...................a...............cameo....................in...................breaking.........................bad.
He looks like Miley Cyrus
Good lord Cthulhu this comment section was fucking brain diarrhea 
Still don't get why it was called Malcolm in the Middle when Malcolm was the worst character. 
I feel like if I had that kind of money, and retired at 19.. I'd have that kind of hairstyle. Why not, right? .And if someone made fun of it..
lmao
you sir deserve an upvote. that was an amazing clip.
.... BITCH
He went and got his ears lowered.
He went through a phase apparently
The actor who played Jesse auditioned for Malcolm back in the day
Because him, Reese, and Dewey used to run choo-choo trains on each other.
ok so his jacket is short sleeved? is this a thing?
It's a horrid thing. Either wear a jacket or don't.
retro nod to 80's fashion
Yeah, in 1987
Because Malcolm was a middle child.
Also, Reese was a middle child as much as Malcolm.  And Malcolm only truly became in the middle once the baby was born.
I understand that he was the titular character.  I just think he was the least of the family of great characters.  Like if you titled Who's the Boss with Johnathan's World.  Shit don't compute.
I do see your point. Malcolm was a dick throughout most of the series. Personally, I think Dewey was one of the best characters on that show.
I gravitate toward the angry and irrational Reese, but yeah, Dewey was awesome.
His... His ears are so small.
Oh my god they are!
This picture educed a rather sudden and overwhelming sense of nostalgia

I'm still holding out for Agent Cody Banks 3, but i guess Ill just have to settle for the reboot. 
life is unfaaaairrrr
Yeah I don't think any of those things are happening.
He's in band called Kingsfoil now and they're actually pretty good. Here's one of there more popular songs: 
+5 respect for the frontman rocking a Gibson Firebird. 
not the sort of music i was expecting from a band named after lord of the rings.
I think you mean 'They're'.Edit: Just for context . . . It originally read 'their', now reads 'they're'.
I'll be damned. that didn't sound anything like the meow mix song!
Gah, Kingsfoil?  It's a weed.
My first thought.
Frustrating that you need to wait over a minute to see any band members' face in focus, other than the lead singer. 
It would be very hard to notice that is him in the video, they must play down the fact that it's him.
Yeah... not a great song. Not my style at least. Pretty generic as well. I guess its radio ready...
My band . supported them at Surrey University recently. They are all lovely guys - invited us to play with them in the States and when they come back to the UK. Frankie was a surprisingly tight drummer! 
Let me guess... You're the Zedd/rhesus monkey crossbreed
No, that's Tim, the bassist from Kingsfoil.
Frankie kind of looks like a less retarded, less midgety, Lars Ulrich.
Everyone looks small compared to the guy on the far right
Wait so is that picture both bands or not?
Yeah both bands. The 1st, 5th and 6th people are my band (I am the 6th), and the rest are Kingsfoil
Lol that's who I meant. Do you know what Zedd looks like? He looks like you.
Frankie's got some awesome hover hand.
Damn. Poor guy got the . end of the stick.
He's like 5'5
As a guy who's 5'5", i feel short. :(
manlet
5'2 here.  You are a giant.
boyzilla
As a short guy, if I had 40 mil like Munoz, I'd be sure to let every single person who is taller than me know.
As a fellow 5'5" guy, this is what I like to tell people when they say I'm short:."Hey! I'm not short! I'm average! ... for a woman."
You are short. 
And you're a cunt.
But probably a taller cunt than you tiny
The truth hurts.
What's the problem? You are short. Stop being so insecure. 
Malcolm turned into Reese.

Malcolm is turning into Jesse.
Frankie Muniz looks like Miley Cyrus.
[deleted]
How, he looks like jesse. 
I don't want to see him twerk!
Too bad.
That's impressive...
There's something about that girl that just makes me disgusted. I think she's fat or ill proportioned. 
Or maybe the gif is just kinda stretched...
It's more than that. 
That, and you're likely very superficial. 
Internet hero alarm
Naw. Just an honest villain. 
doubt it
Haha maybe. 
Your face is ill-proportioned. 
That's twerking? That looks like the Charleston.
Spot on.
'You're one of Jesse's friends, right? Badger? No, you must be Skinny Pete.'
He has a striking resemblance to Aaron Paul.
PINCKMANNNN
Fun fact: Aaron Paul had tried out for a role as one of the children in Malcolm in the Middle.
Thank god he didn't get it.
You're not the boss of me now. Bitch.
I still say Malcolm in the Middle is the sequel to Breaking Bad, in which Walter goes on the run and starts a new life.
Don't count that shit out yet!
I heard it the other way. I have a friend that keeps saying "previously on AMC's Breaking Bad" and seding me clips of Malcolm in the Middle
Wow, I haven't heard that joke before.
What an original joke.
I prefer to imagine it the other way round, where Hal has fled the eternal insanity of Lois and the kids to lead a simpler life as a badass meth cook and nascent gangland boss.
this
Malcolm is actually Walt Jr. Malcolm in the Middle is him making up crazy antics and brothers he never had so he can escape the life he lives now. With parents that hate each other and a father that disappears all the time.
best way I've heard it is Walt Jr. is Jaime, Hal took him when he split; too late for the other boys.
Flynn in the Middle?
Malcolm (Flynn) the middle. 
You forgot the rest of your sentence. 
Nah he's just a faggot
What the frak did he do with his hair?
He's in a band. Musician haircut bro
He's trying to become Miley Cyrus.
Looks like he is starting to go bald, he must think this hides it. That or he likes the current trend of crazy 80-esk hair styles.
He looks like Christy Mack, the pornstar.
"I'm a rockstar now, so I gotta get this dumb haircut to prove it"
Yeah, I prefer Bryan Cranston bald too...
Must be an extra in Breaking Bad's last season
Jane Kaczmarek will be.
Plot twist: He's been living a double life.
You mean triple life?
Nope. She's gonna be in the special features. Apparently the pic from the set was from when she took her son to see the filming. He's a fan of the show.
No she won't.
Just like Steve Carell set the rumors straight that he wouldn't appear on the office finale..And how the other two members of Destiny's child said they wouldn't appear on Beyonce's superbowl halftime show.
Steve Carell's case is a little different, he was a main character on that show for years, Jane Kaczmarek was never on Breaking Bad.
My point is that quelling rumors which were true all along is a common tactic these days, regardless of the circumstances..Here's another:  JJ saying the trek villian won't be Khan.

Wait, are you talking about the character Jane?  Everyone else is talking about the woman who played Lois on MITM.
Different Jane.  Jane Kaczmarek was the mom in Malcolm in the Middle.
your gif redeemed yourself
Yeah I know. I already fixed it.
Same old Badger, always high and stuff.
Last scene..Hal??.Cue Malcolm in the middle theme
That...would be fucking amazing!
I never considered MITM to be the end of Breaking bad.  always pictured it as the start
Hence why she would be suprised to see hal
"YOU'RE NOT THE BOSS OF ME NOW"
"YOU'RE NOT THE ONE THAT KNOCKS NOW"
"AND YOU'RE GOD DAMN RIIIGHT"
He played a 14-year-old for a decade. Shit would make anyone crazy
He's in his own punk-rock band.
I'm now disappointed. I listened to one of the songs that was posted below (.) and was expecting punk but instead got indie rock. 
He didn't start the band. He is the drummer though. 
Yeah, but nomatter what the band members say, the most famous person in the band is almost . the band leader, even if they're just the drummer.
Not bad.
breaking bad is my show xD I wish Bill Nye would do a guest appearance as a chemist!.Edit: wow thanks for the reddit gold

That made me cringe a bit.
What show are you talking about? MitM had him grow from elementary school to his graduation, so it's not that...
No, it's just what it FELT like.
To be fair there is quite a difference in . he talked down to you from season to season..
"Yeah, but being retired with $40,000,000.00 at 19 has not been awful. Good luck moving out of your moms house before youre 35."
Pretty sure he is broke now. 
He could even buy a hairline..Airline. Yes, his very own Airline.
that's kind of a receding industry, though.
So even though he has 40 mil in the bank, he can't fix his receding hairline?
how would you propose someone "fix" a receding hairline? shaving their head? cause thats the most common 'solution'
Hair plugs? 
yeah! lets surgically implant some ass hair into your scalp so you wont feel self conscious! news flash: millionaires do not give a shit about going bald.
You don't sound bitter or discontent at all.
im not, thanks for noticing. just pointing out that millionaires are not hair plug's target market.
You're right, in a business where looks are everything, having nice hair isn't very important.
Nick cage, steve carrell, matt mcconaughey, jason alexander, jeremy piven, wayne rooney (although admittedly an athlete, not an actor), gordon ramsey,  and elton john are just exceptions to the rule, I'm sure. .Not to mention the numerous ones who wear wigs to cover their bald spots. 
Dude needs to hire a fucking stylist with some of that money.  It's amazing how shitty Muniz looks.  Really fucking amazing.
Makes me feel better about my hairline
While I would like 40 million dollars, and will no doubt never retire and die a horrible impoverished death, at least I'm not in some lame ass pop punk band with that haircut. 
Lol. Kingsfoil is not punk, and they're decent with or without Muniz. 
somebody's jealous as fuck
I know right, instead you're making alt accounts because you don't want people to find out what a shit job you have.
I make new accounts whenever I post. Its no secret that I have a shit job. Nerd. 
Wait until you grow up.
21 with a receding hairline and less than $200 in the bank here. This sucks.
I think I know you
Fuck I started losing my hair at 22. Now I just shave it.
Oh yeah, what's that from again?
He came into my work one time... Tweeted something to affect of the years not being so good to him. 2 hours later I was called into HR and was told that his publicist demanded I remove the tweet immediately. Almost got fired and was written up for using my phone at work. 
wait YOU tweeted it?
So they are monitoring your tweeter thingy? 
At the company my girlfriend works at, they have 2-3 person team who's full time job is to monitor the companies Facebook and twitter page. Part of the job is to also to search employees facebook and twitter page. Any remarks regarding the company in a negative light or customers, is a instant write up
They should get a prize for saying good things about it.
I'm sure it was Frankie Muniz' PR team that notified his employer.
But how did the PR guy see it?
You can search the twitters for things like that.
On twitter? With his eyes?
Wait, hold on. Was he using his cellular telephones? Ornt that dangerous
Yea I tweeted it... Apparently he saw it, was upset about it because I helped him and recognized me from me picture, then made some calls. The only reason I didn't get fired was because I didn't use the company's name in the tweet. 
Where do you work?
TBH I don't think employees making unkind comments about clients is good for business.
Seriously, I would've just fired him.  Not only is that unprofessional but it just shows a general lack of character.
I'm torn on this issue.  I don't think companies should monitor facebook/twitter of employees because it is none of their fucking business.  If I am at a bar talking shit about my customers releasing steam it is none of your business.  On the other hand, I don't think you should talk shit about your customers publicly.  I just think the person is stupid and the employer is stupid.  .Either way, I wouldn't work for you, and I wouldn't be caught since there would be no way to link my twitter to real me.
Ok, worrmington's twitter post was seen by Frankie or his PR rep, worrmington's company apparently was not monitoring his account.  But his disrespectful post on twitter caused his boss to get some mean phone calls from one of their clients/customers.  So the issue is that OP here criticized his client publicly and Frankie saw it, then his boss got some shit for it.  We were not referring to any of those issues you disagree with..Further, I agree that your private life is none of your employers business (unless it affects your professional commitments), but if you start venting about your professional life on the internet and your name (and/or picture) is attached to it, you are at fault, you are making it public.  You are making your employer look bad at that point.  Also, if you have high-profile clients and you go around criticizing them by name, that is also irresponsible on your part, even at a bar..I wouldn't want employees who can't understand these simple concepts.
[deleted]
Haha, I never shake someones hand then run to criticize them on a public forum.  But yeah, I am totally the dickhead.
Someone on twitter said he was a shit actor; this was his response. Hard to argue with that.
I think they were making fun of him for doing the Cody Banks movies. I, too, would star in shitty movies if I were given the opportunity to do so. I cannot blame him.
cody banks 1 was amazing. didn't see 2 though
If he was a good actor he wouldn't have retired.
That explains Rick Moranis. 
Actually Rick retired from acting after his wife died so he could be a more attentive father..He was a good actor although being a bit typecast.
WTF is with all the downvotes to the top comments in this thread??
Damn, I didn't make my sarcasm evident enough. I freakin love Rick. Little Shop of Horrors is one of my absolute favorites and Strange Brew makes me laugh every time I watch it. .I have the utmost respect for Rick Moranis. Just want to throw out some clarification. 
You may already be aware of this, but Rick Moranis was recently on an episode of the Nerdist Podcast.  It's definitely worth listening to, and make sure to listen all the way to the end.
OH MY GOD RICK HAS AN ALBUM???.This day has become glorious. Truly. Glorious. 
Okay, right on!.I also liked him in Parenthood, My Blue Heaven, and Honey I Shrunk the Kids.
Do what again? .Man, I am googling that right now. 
still, kind of a dick move. if you have that much money, why bother arguing with someone on the internet...it's like bringing a gun to a knife fight.
You're not wrong, but the guy was pretty rude to him.
More like a rocket launcher haha. I agree, he didn't keep it classy, but I tend not to care about what rich people or anyone for that matter do. Don't we have enough on our own plates as it is?
You're not wrong, but the guy was pretty rude to him.
There was also one by Tom from myspace about some guy calling him out or something and tom mentioning that he doesn't give a fuck because he has 500 million dollars.
If I had 500 million people could call me shit and I'd just laugh all the way to the car dealership. .Shit if I had $20 you could call me an asshole and I'd be fine. 
If I had $500m, the last thing I'd spend it on would be a car. I'd want some of those . on my back. Those things would be AWESOME!
I'm pretty sure at that point its a gunfight.
Or maybe, he was a child when he started the show, had a good time, did a good job, and then decided as a young adult that he could do . and stopped acting. Now he plays in a band, travels the world, races cars... yeah, seems like a TERRIBLE choice, obviously taken because he can't out-act Marlon Brando.
He played at a tiny venue in Spartanburg, SC. He's a cool dude and was happy to talk with his fans. All I said was a quick hello and great gig, but he seems happy. Malcolm in the Middle was a part of my childhood, so I appreciate him as an actor.
Never thought I could ctrl-f Spartanburg, SC in a Reddit thread.
I am from Greenville, but I know how you feel.
I'm in GVegas as well
$40 mill won't last forever...
Unless he's a total fucking moron, yes it will.
If you're smart it most certainly could... 
Itll last a pretty long time, though. Thats far more than most people will make in a lifetime.
His lifestyle is also pretty far from "most people".
Unless he's dragging 20 people around with him and buying 300 foot yachts, he'll be fine.
Well, he did retire from a pretty lucrative profession at a very young age, so...
Give it up.
But it can easily last the rest of his life. Besides, this assumes his income stops completely at 19. He was a lead actor on a hit TV show that entered syndication. He'll continue to receive checks for a while. 
You'd have to be a fucking retard nigger to not be able to live off of $40mil for the rest of your life.
I agree with your statement but not how you went about saying it... 40 mil could last for a lifetime but your choice of words is a little..... Racist. 
$40 million could easily last forever. You just assume that he spends his money like an idiot because he's a celebrity. 
.....yes it will. Lol
I could make it last forever 
You'd be dead before that. And all traces of the money would probably vanish long before forever comes around.
I know a safe I could put it in that no one would open.  
If a person makes $500,000/year for 30 years, that's only $15 million. 
Ill keep it in a ziploc 
with the right investement guy yeah it will and with 40m you can afford the right investment guy.
Most of us would be lucky to make 10% of that in our lifetime. You would have to make 80k/year for 50 years to make 4 mil, and he had 40 mil at 19. Assuming he's not an idiot, I'm sure he's set for life.
Plus a large chunk of it isn't from acting, if I remember correctly he made a lot of it from real state investments.  So he seems to have a sound head on his shoulders as how to manage his money.  
Real estate. 
If making money and retiring early is your goal, then sure. That's a great way to get started doing the things you actually want to spend your life doing, but that shouldn't be the only metric with which you judge your life..I mean, regardless of the money, I wouldn't ever call myself retired, especially not as young as 19. There's so much more to do and experience within any career and now he has enough money and time to pick and choose how he does it..All that aside, he should be more focused on how lucky he is rather than lording his fortune over others, even if the other guy started the fight. It's just immature.
And by all accounts he is doing that with music and racing. I don't think acting was ever his chosen profession. He just fell into it as a kid. Now he has neough money to do what he is passionate about without worry. 
Does he? I mean if I had $40M in the bank I probably wouldn't give a flying fuck about anyone. I would a terrible person, I guess. But yeah, I wouldn't lower myself to argue with some random person over the internet and then brag about my money.
It's $40 million, not billion.  Still a lot of money though.
Exactly, so why even respond to some random dude on Twitter by bragging about how much money you have? You're the one with the money, just... let it go and be an adult about it.
thanks.
I wouldn't look too far into it. The guy's made his money and likes fucking around on the internet. He probably made the comment off the cuff without thinking too much about it. .I doubt he was in a state of mind where he thought that he should take the guy down a peg. I'd say it was more like ..
I don't think acting was ever a long term life goal for Frankie Muniz. The moment he had time to spare he moved into things like Nascar and music.
How the fuck did this comment get so many downvotes? Yet comments like "whoosh" and " 2/10 would not bang" can get crazy upvotes. Makes me wanna holler. 
That's cause the commenters ain't no holla back girls.
Why the fuck is this sitting at -48 votes?.This is fairly sound logic and contributes the conversation in a meaningful way!!..WTF reddit?
I was also trying to sound as inoffensive and rational as possible... oh well.
Redditards get even dumber when you mess with the jerking, no matter how inconsequential the topic. Trying mentioning how its not even close to a billion people who watch the Oscars. Might as well have said you blew up a van full of kittens and puppies. The reaction is the same.
Honestly I'm disappointed with reddit lately. Any article stating a racial injustice (or not), everyone loses their minds and suddenly becomes politically incorrect; anything with racial humor is the opposite, and if you don't think it's funny, then "you don't get it and you need to grow up."    And yeah I agree, the comment above was relevant and insightful. I'm sure Frankie would even appreciate it..Also, sorry I used too many commas.  
Probably? Because it's daft. Like the guys on xbl, these statements are not bound to be truth nor how the person really behaves. I'm not 'lording it over' them when I tell them to grow up and get a job, I'm just insulting them..Likewise, Franky wasn't giving deep insight into his innermost desires, he was just calling the heckler a cunt. Dissecting his comment as if it has any other meaning is vapid.
[deleted]
and your basis for that is what?
Making a shit comment himself by which to compare, I think.
As liberal as it may seem on the surface,  I've found Reddit has a really strange shallow/materialistic streak to it. I once suggested that instead of spending five hundred thousand dollars on a car, maybe the world would be better served if you spent $80,000 on a car and gave the rest two people who really need it. I got downvoted straight to hell.
I'm not a good enough person to be a liberal, now that is said, why should I have to take care of the less fortunate just because I had a good break in life? As long as someone of wealth pays their taxes and is charitable when it's convenient, if they want a 500k sports car, who are you to look at them in bad light? It's out snobbing the snob, only with liberalism instead of materialism. 
Liberalism is in no way incompatible with shallowness/materialism.  Both the right and left have populist ideals that are perverted by some.  
That's a pretty bold statement, considering how liberal reddit is
True. A better word would have been progressive. 
Probably because you used two instead of to.....
I can only assume from what he wrote that he means he sacrificed two poor people to his remaining money - the only way to ensure a good financial year, according to leading Satanic Economists. 
That's probably the best part of that frogs life other than being stuck in a cage like a slave to every ones desires. I never liked the zoo it reminds me of prisons. Except people just get to walk through, stare at you and act like complete morons. So instead of facing the problem of the animals being depressed they get drugs.
Look at that lazy black frog lounging around while all the white frogs are hard at work.
I'll take two of whatever he's having.
Oh, there's a birthday cake for Mr. Cohen on the frog on the log in the hole of the bottom of the sea.

that's a fat fucking frog right there man.
Just high on life my friend
I would marry whoever made these. Regardless of sexual orientation
Twinky minions. Thats frikkin brilliant!
I thought Twinkies died? 
What is the top part? Is it just cake cut in the shape?  I need to make these!
I still need to see the second movie... 
They came back from the dead, slightly smaller now.
Good to know.  Thanks.
They're Twinkies!
Basically. They're technically the Twinkie knock-off.
I ate the one with the frown. He was already aware of his fate and accepted it.
DIGLETT!!! ...wait.
I dont know if its been covered, but I believe this is the "Shutter Effect"
yuuup shutter effect
Okay even if it was a rolling shutter effect, it's still a pretty amazing photo. He took the picture with a timing so the lightning bolt would strike right as the camera was processing the par of the image where it happened..Too bad the technical quality of the picture is crap though.
Can some one explain rolling shutter effect like I'm 5?
Ay caramba, el efecto del shutterro!
The camera sensor doesn't take the whole picture at once, it takes the picture line by line across until it has a whole one, in this case it started from the left and then progressed to the right with the lightning strike occurring half way through the capture process.
yeah, I think it's because of the rolling shutter effect.
Yeah, definitely the shutter rolling affect
Rrrrrrrrrrepost
Guys, I think it's the rolling shutter effect.
sure it was 
ITT:  rolling shutter effect then.
Hey guys, I may be going out on a limb here, but I think it is the rolling shutter effect..Edit: Sorry if repost
I'm pretty sure this is the rolling shutter effect.
Must be the rolling shutter effect..On a sidenote, . might be interested.
I did some research, it most likely is the rolling shutter effect.
There's a name for this effect but I can't think of it at the moment.
If only someone would tell us...
Finger Lakes..?
The finger lakes shutter effect?
I think its the shutter effect
This is definitely the rolling shutter effect.
Holy shit, we get it. It's a fucking shutter effect
Of the rolling variety.
Rolling shutter for sure
Digital camera held in portrait position? Probably the rolling shutter effect then.
The carpet near the stick is stuck up in the same place.
Wow how old is that car now?
Striped shirt/solid pants..Striped pants/solid shirt.
It's a '64 1/2 Mustang (the first year they released Mustangs they made them a half year, idk). So I guess it is almost 50. Kind of crazy. Still runs great.
I have a 65 that my dad and I are restoring together, he got it when he was 17 and That's around when I started driving it as well. I hope your kid gets to drive it one day, it sure is an amazing car and the memories that have been created working along side him will last my whole life.
Find a pic 20 years prior to yours and the car would be in motion and there would be a beer can on the dash.
Whose black regal in the original photo?
Thanks! I hope so too. It's been such a big part of my childhood, I would love to see it be a part of his.
Okey USA!
you mean, never real american
He's really not Vietnamese then is he?
I'm calling bullshit, that shirt looks like it has the Leaning Tower of Pisa. Do not pass go, do not collect $200.
Khan jr II
We need more Americans like this!!!  Sad but true. 
God dammit they even do this better than us.
This is actually Kim Jong Un at a Halloween party as a child. You can't fool me.
Wat.
Dang, yours is much better than . for my son.
Awesome dad
Awesome. Makes me want to play with my legos again
The big question is, after you showed him, did he look at you in amazement, as if you were the second coming, or give you that look that says, "this is nothing like what I was imagining."
He just said thanks and proceeded to turn WALL-E into a spaceship.
Oh yeah, I guess there was a third option, well, you are hero anyway. 
Intimidating isn't it? Live in fear Canada... Live in fear.
And so it begins...Freedom coming to america!
Yeah eagles are kinda dicks and love to kill everything. Franklin wanted the national bird to be a turkey because turkeys are nicer haha
As a geese, I find this terrifying. 
Sharp talons
As a Canadian I say they had it coming. We have tons of those geese on school campus and they are MEAN. 
Damn Americans. We cant even nap in our own homes on the nice warm ice.
As a Mexican living in Canada, I say the time of my people has come.
I'm sure it's an elaborate rues. 
I hate Geese poop 
It is an omen.
When 'Murica finally comes clawing for our natural resources, this is pretty much how it'll look
Our birds > your birds
Eagle must have confused him for a whistleblower when he was really just honking. Sad.
as a golfer, I approve.
America. Fuck yeah!
I've seen a good number of eagles in Canada. It's not like their exclusively America's animals. 
eeeeeh The Canada goose is the purest form of evil. I'm pretty sure the eagle died just after this picture was taken.
'Merica, fuck yo geese!
 
Upvote for 'Murica!
USA! USA! USA!
As a Canadian, this is awesome.
Goose*
As an american, I say, FUCK YEAH. These bastards shit everywhere.
I am also disappointed with Obama as he did nothing to stop the NSA, once he knew about it. What I don't understand is how you come on here and blame him for something that started years before he was in office.
His whole stance on running was .I thinking blaming him for not upsetting the status quo is justified. .Also, this made me laugh really hard, thanks.
Also why I said I am disappointed. .Well he didn't always know right? But when he did, I agree, he should have shut it down. 
I have those same mints sitting on my desk
I found Obama themed bubble gum when I was in Tanzania, he's like African Jesus over there.

 would enjoy this.
being an apologist for a tanner GW Bush isn't a good look.
Everyone should report all political bs maneuvering like this on . before it gets taken off default subs like . 
Makes your breath smell just like the bullshit coming out of the politicians mouths!
You're right. I'm sure Romney or McCain wouldn't have allowed any of that. It's not like it all got started under a Republican president or anything.
What if I told you that Obama and Romney weren't the only candidates running?
Duurrrrr ron paul durr durr durrr
[deleted]
All some people can ever do is throw Republicans under the bus instead of looking at real options.
heres what most young redditors are missing.  Being as you haven't seen the cycle enough, you all actually thought the POTUS was going to change things.  No one gets to that office without enough compromises to turn them into a slave.  .Welcome to politics young redditors, it was fun to watch you get all excited about Obama, then get really upset when he turned out like all the rest.  I'll give him this though, he was the first to enlist the youth.
naw, Kerry really made the first push for the youth(that I remember as a 29 year old) and still lost to Bush. But he built the stepping stone for Obama to build a platform around.
You're absolutely right, but I don't think it's just an age thing, I know people of all ages who were convinced that he was a different type of politician. And to be fair to them, he was much more convincing than most..Though Obama's legacy will undoubtedly be a generation of people who are very skeptical about campaign promises and politics in general, which is in general a great thing.
Obama hate?

I know people who cut up limes and put the pieces into a pitcher of water.It is called infusion. But for me, the peel makes it bitter.
Also, these shaving in will thaw, and the pulp of the lime will be left in the drink. I hate pulp!
I think lemons taste better. This is a great way to give plain water a little bit of taste. If you find it to be bitter, you're simply leaving the peel in a bit too long.
Don't bother freezing. Put the lemon, along with everything else in a blender, blend, strain, enjoy.
This seems like a lot more work then just squeezing and zesting the lemons.  I also find that anytime I used a grater, I lose parts of my finger..I zest all the lemons before I juice them and add the zest to some hot simple syrup (with a fist full of mint). Then once it's all infused I strain it and add it to the lemon juice and water.
But.. why?
This is one of those stupid pinterest things that is just going to cause a mess if I ever try it ... passing
Where do you work? Vitamix? - "Just throw the whole everything in there! Seeds, stems, skin, your cellphone. Everything has nutrients!"
the peel (yellow part) isnt the bitter part, it's the pith (the white part).  if you want to do a better job with that, inject it with pectinex to break down the pectin in it and eat the pith.  seeds will still be a problem..edited for spelling
Huh, that's not a half bad idea.  
No, it's a half bad, half good idea I would say.
THIS IS GOLD JERRY, GOLD!
when life gives you half bad tips, make half lemonade...half bitter disgusting sugar juice
I don't even care about that lemon... what are those in the bowl?
thats what i came here to ask!  i saw these on my trip to costa rica and nobody knew what they were
oh man you shoulda ate some...they're delicious! 

Thank you!!
Mutant space slugs
SOMEBODY ANSWER THESE MEN!!!
Peel it (no pith), freeze it (break the cell walls), mash it (melt and rescue trapped juice), strain it (remove seeds).  If that works, then you are on to something.  
peel it, freeze it, mash it, strain it, mix it, drink it, belch, refill it -- lemonaide.(to the beat of Technologic by Daft Punk)
I'd add "spike it" in there somewhere
That could be in the second stanza... but I'm too lazy to come up with anything else
That's a lime.
[deleted]
The title clearly says FROZEN LEMON
I'm thinking amaretto sour!
Yes and I'm thinking frozen lime shavings would be a good thing to add to a lot of mixed drinks. Thanks OP
As I recall the lemon skin has a bitter taste and grated seeds are a nuisance. Might be a good idea to peel and freeze and then grate seedless lemons (is there such a thing?)
Its the pith that's bitter...the white fluffy part between the skin and flesh.
this. now, when i make lemonade i use a zester on the lemons before juicing, then incorporate that in the juice.
General rule of thumb proven by this thread/comment:.If people have been making lemonade the same way for 500 years, there's probably a good reason for it.
Not gonna lie, I thought there was some new species of Australian mash potato monster below that snake
Call me crazy, but that looks like three phase power with the wasp nest on the disconnect. Why isn't that snake charred?!?
I thought ussies were supposed to be asleep 
"Nope..doesn't..doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it...Must be something wrong on their side...."
Did anyone else notice Krumm from Aww! Real Monsters.
Crikey. 
THERE'S SNAKES IN THIS DAMN PHONE!
Famous australian Taipan Tie
Nope in a box

Anybody else? 
A wasp nest . . . well that sucks, not exactly front pa...HOLY SHIT A SNAKE
This should be tagged NSFW
Haha, who cares about a little bit of dirt, you could ju-JESUS FUCKING CHRIST.
Live action!
Reason for putting in two weeks notice? Fucking NOPE

Throw that switch and you can enjoy a tasty, high protein snack while you fix your electrical.

Man, i'd die in Australia. I freak out when a 1.5 inch spider runs across my desk. 
put in axe it the whole thing and move to new zealand. at least there you only have to deal with orcs and balrogs.
wasp nest + snake... hell no 

Nope. 
It's a beautiful symbiotic relationship.  The snake eats the wasps who lay eggs in his back to give food for their children.  Both feed upon the others venomous evil.  The maintenance men who routinely check the box keep the cycle of strife going with their timely human sacrifices.
I think deserves a giant NOPE!
That's a Mud Wasp nest under it too.
I went all of the way through the comments to find out what kind of snake is that?
NOPE! nopenopenopenope.ill stick with my 6 feet of snow and the occasional moose attack thank you very much.  CANADA! now pass me the poutine.
hey there's wasps in here, HOLY SHIT SNAKE!
Is that a hornet nest in there too?
Nope
I would just take a flamethrower everywhere I went in Australia.
This is rather terrifying 
fuuuuck that
Christ. As much as I'd love to visit Australia someday, the deadly animals there scare the hell out of me.
Isn't it like 3am there? Why are you awake? This is America's reddit time. You will have your turn in a few hours.
imagine being a snake and finding a warm little house like that.
Holi Fuk
That bearded fellow with the screwy eyes is definitely hazardous
Happens at homes in the US too 
Two snakes and a mud wasp hive?.Crap. (ped my pants)
Crikey!
Good luck ;)
Ah yes.  What is that, 230 volts?  That'll microwave your hot dog.
the hazard being the deadly spider you miss because you focus on avoiding the snake?
fucking Australia. not even once.
For those saying that's a wasps nest, it is actually a mud dauber's nest. They hunt spiders as their main source food. If you were to crack a nest open, you'd see its full of spiders. The nest itself resembles a pipe organ or pan flute. I find these less aggressive than regular wasps.
The trick is to just reach in there and do your job with total reckless abandon. Snakes respect balls, and won't attack if they respect you.
Oh no, Oh-SHA.
Pole top connection box, 415V 3-phase power. OP is about 4-5m above ground. Looking at what I'm guessing is a green tree snake. Not many venomous snakes in Aus are good climbers AFAIK, though I'll check that with a herp buddy..Lucky snake to be not be dead- wouldn't take much for it to touch a phase. Did you promptly poop your pants when you saw that?.How'd you go removing the snake?
Snakes bout to get 3-phased the fuck out. 
I think if I live in Austrailia...I would constantly be saying NOPE.
MUDWASPS? FUCK.
I will never complain about black widows again.
Is that also a wasps nest???
That sneaky bastard is trying to blend in with all of the cables!
NOPE.
I think the Yip yip alien is a better find then the snake.
Australia has to be one of the most dangerous places in the world. it's like everything has evolved to be better at killing humans lol
He's tapping the phone linessssssss
Australia, I like you guys, but I am glad I don't live there 
Just nope.
There is not enough nope in the world!!!!
No wonder Aussies have such a reputation for hardiness.  Every darn thing in the country and the water surrounding it seems bent on destroying the human race.
At east once a year the CFA in my town has to check on the fire hydrant points in the area. For whatever reason we decide to do this in summer. .Usually 3 or 4 snakes get found hidden in the bloody things. Thankfully no bitings yet.
That's one big glass of fucking NOPE.
My guess is that it's ., non venomous. But what the fuck do I know, I don't live in Australia.
Considering it's Australia, that snake is most likely venomous. 

Eastern Brown? King Brown? Either way, nope.
Nope


"nope, no issues here, just going to put this cover back on and go on about my day."
Thanks to Reddit I will never go to Australia.
Nope. Not even one time.
Australians must be the world's best engineers.  Not only does the box have an external lever the flip the breakers, but the cover has a handle on the outside to act as a shield against whatever is inside..There is a reason that Striker Eureka was so successful: generations of designing against murderous nature.
this + what looks to be 20 + feet in the air = broken bones.
"Shit, there's a lot of gunk on that OH MY GOD"
What kind of snake is it?
Now how do we know YOU didn't place the snake there before taking the picture, hhhmmmmm?
I'll take that over a cabinet full of hornets anyday. We use to attack uplink boxes in the field in two party teams. The wasps loved the buzz and the heat and would build hives the size of an ice chest in them.
Ahahahahahaha, nope.
That's a big ass NOPE!
but not the number one reason for a day off work in australia, or so says Weebl

Australia really needs a good nuking..That place is terrifying. 
NopeNopeNope

Don't... stick your dick in it.
They call them bities in Australia.
Are They Electric Snacks....?
Hehe I'm an electrician too (England)
I'm sick of these motherfuckin snakes on this motherfuckin phone. .EDIT lol that is not a phone. 
I'M TIRED OF ALL THESE MOTHERS FUCKIN' SNAKES IN THIS MOTHER FUCKIN' POWER BOX!
So much for a water and explosion tight box 
0/10 DO NOT BUY THIS CUMBOX
Well that's just common sense.
It looks like a colubrid.
Looks a bit more like a king brown..whatever it is, chances are it's likely pretty dangerous.
Instructions unclear...
...Snake stuck in penis?
1 drop of venom is potent enough to kill 100,000 mice, and they can be very aggressive.
Ahhh!* normally I'd let it pass, but it kind of takes away from the whole concept with its "aww" 
Yeah I am so scared for that snake,  he could short that box without even knowing it.
Either there's no power to that box, or . is right and that snake is non conductive, which doesn't make any sense . . . or it's already dead.
Looks more like everything is just well installed. Notice there's no exposed bussing, or wire. This may be the first elec box I've seen that was installed so well.
What I'm wondering is what that flexible hose going to the top is for. 
But look at the way that snake is wound in, no way its not touching terminal somewhere.
The only exposed conductors are the line-side breaker terminals (at least, I'm assuming the top is the line side -- that is typical but there are exceptions), and they are recessed within the breaker frame, making them slightly more difficult to touch inadvertently. .To be truly finger (and snake) safe, the line side terminals should have a cover installed. 
Very well done.
It's probably not energized. Plus, the snake doesn't look like it's actually touching any exposed conductors. 
It seems some people don't appreciate what you did there. But I do, internet stranger. I do. 
Yeah...that's clever
The NSnAke!
God damn box jellyfish...
Saw it!
If you think that's a phone...
What kind of snake?
It may or may not be one of these? Color kind of resembles 6, but based on my Austrian snake knowledge, I would get an additional opinion lol.
I'm guessing Taipan.

what a slut
Sounds like an appropriate reaction the a spider that size in Australia.  Of course you'll never see the other two spiders coming at you from the sides until it is too late.
Clever girls.
I swear, if I worked in Australia I'd wear ultrafine mesh chainmail gloves for everything, just incase. Scary place!
Unfortunately, anything with fangs will make short work of such weak protection. 
Yup, gotta use that scaled pattern!
Fuck that. Full steel plate armor.
Mithril gloves, yes. That's what you'd need. And you can get them over in New Zealand.
snake and spider fangs will go right through chainmail. your best bet would be steel plate or like 3 inch thick leather gloves. .a flamethrower would be nice to have also.
i have to know the the slut button is for
In this instance, it's close. ppna is open. 
That's an irony. 

your mom

i saw this gif coming a mile away.
TIL snakes are non conductive... wtf? 
Yeah I thought that myself. It is obviously touching more than one of the phases. Judging by the carbon on the terminal block, maybe it was already blown out?
I don't think the snake is actually touching any exposed conductors -- the line-side breaker terminals (assuming the top is the line side, as is typical) are recessed within the frame. This looks like it's somewhere in the range of 480 to 600-V, so there's not much danger of generating an arc from being in close proximity to the terminals..Of course, it's more likely that this equipment is simply not energized.   
Wire size (maybe 2/0?) indicates 100+ amps.  But I agree that (other than the ground terminal), the snake doesn't appear to be touching any exposed conductors.
Yeah the more I look at it it seems like there's a cover over the terminals. It just seems that with the Snake and wasps living in some apparent symbiosis, Murphy's Law would take over and Arc Flash everywhere! .I'm gonna guess it was powered down for service. I work on High voltage stuff a lot, and have heard some war stories, but this one is full of "nope!"
Yeah, nobody who works on energized equipment expects . kind of strike. 
The USA sees a bit of this as well... I have a friend who worked for SW Bell in Florida, and he always banged on the phone wiring pedestals with a hammer several times before opening, to allow the rattlesnakes to make a calm and graceful exit. .Correction: BellSouth, not SWBell
Why would . Bell be in Florida?
Lol - my bad.  BellSouth, not SW Bell
Because North West was being saved for Kim and Kanye.
Was gonna say..  Southwestern Bell is still a company???


Yeah, that's a Rock Python under Brazil... an AFRICAN Rock Python.
Hey, the US has snakes and sharks too! I am not sure why I am proud of this.
Now I know why you all want guns so much :)
Yeah, something about getting close enough to a rattle snake to catch it (and therefore close enough to get bit by it) just doesn't seem as safe as taking it out from a few feet away.
Tarantula shouldn't be up there. No deaths have ever been recorded due to a tarantula bite.
I don't think it's a tarantula. 
It is.
In Europe we use flamethrowers to kill .. The danger of it: it can irritate the skin... 
Fixed
I was hoping you would have showed major European political leaders of the last 100 years. Their policies killed several orders of magnitudes more people than were killed by animals and protestors/rioters/terrorists worldwide over the same period.
Did the bear's face melt onto the box?.Awww =(
As someone who spent the first 23 years of their life in FL, 1/3 of that time working outside on houses with my dad, I find it funny that people forget that some the US has the same "everything is trying to kill me" problem as Australia. Granted, they have some stuff that is a bit more potent on the venom scales than us... but Fl and some other southern states carry the same amount of caution and surprises for jobs where enclosed, swampy, or warm spaces will be breached. .When I moved to Ohio, it took a while to get used to being able to work outside and not fear every corner or crevice. It is so nice to not have all the things trying to kill you.
Plus in Australia, we don't have stuff like bears and mountain lions.
As a lifetime northern Ohioan, I love it here.  I can always go visit somewhere else, but it is safe here for the most part.  Nature is not trying to constantly kill me.
South Texas is pretty dangerous. In the past year alone we've found rattlesnakes, copperheads, and coral snakes on our front porch.
I'm still not used to living up north. Growing up in Texas, if you stepped in a soft spot in the yard, it was fire ants and you'd better move your ass. Up here, it's moles that have dug up the yard. I have yet to see a grown man frantically stripping off his pants because he stepped in a mole hole and is now covered with stinging moles. 
When my brother was about 2 years old, we were all playing in the yard until we heard him scream. My dad tried to keep up with the fire ants... he would pour lighter fluid into the mounds and light them on fire (something something irony). But they popped up overnight sometimes, and my brother happened to find one. Being 2, he didn't know what to do, so he stood there and cried... on the mound. By the time my mother swooped him up, he had fire ants up to his armpits..I have never seen that woman move so fast as the day she ran into the house with her toddler covered in those bastards and jumped into the shower with him, clothes, cold water, and all. Those fuckers can make someone really sick, or even kill them if they get bit enough or have an allergic reaction. .I still flinch a little when I look down and see an ant on me, even though it is just the little black dudes we have running around up here. 
And people complain about living in Ohio. I find it to be a civilized area of the country ie no massive snakes and reasonable weather. 
Barely anyone I know in Ohio is aware that we do actually have black bears, timber rattlers, copperheads, and eastern massasauga.  People always mention the widow and recluse, but they're very . seldom, if ever, fatal.  And a lot of people also mistakenly believe we have cottonmouths.  Nope.  I've also heard many accounts of people spotting "black panthers."  But there have been none confirmed.  Ever.
I knew about the bears and copperheads, not so much the others. I haven't been hiking out in the woods yet, though, so I haven't had to worry about it too much. I think most places have a few things to watch for, but it is nice to live somewhere that the chances of running into them on a day to day basis are much slimmer! I don't miss it at all down there. :)
Of course we have cottonmouth...  Decriminalization bitch!
I used to read water meters in FL.  Snakes, Black Widow spiders, Brown Recluse spiders, Hornets, etc. were all too common.  Most of the venomous snakes I encountered were outside of the meter boxes though.  .Just a quick reminder about FL, the Australia of the U.S. (or the penis of the U.S.), we have venomous snakes, every stinging insect I can think of, red ants out the ass, alligators, crocodiles, bears, sharks, jellyfish, stingrays, barracudas, panthers (unfortunately not that many left, but I have seen one in the wild), 15+ ft 200 lb. Burmese pythons, and 300lb. wild boars (it is estimated they kill more people each year in the U.S. than sharks).
I know! I listed some of those in one of my other replies elsewhere in this comment thread, but I didn't even mention all of them. Thanks for helping me scare a few more FL bound folks. ;)
We must hunt the mighty boars for their fins, then.
I don't think you appreciate the extent of dangerous stuff we have here. I know for a fact that there is at least two different things that could kill me in my shed right now. 
An axe and a shovel? Hell the lawn mower and hedge trimmers are equally as dangerous...
More like the bench grinder... those things can suck you in by the arm...
You just have to move to the north, all these bad things die from the cold in the winter. The cold is our natural defense. 
I agree! We have a few things here in OH that make it through, but most of the scary stuff can't hang with 5 degree winter nights. :)
until the white walkers come.
Ohio is pretty damn safe as far as wildlife goes...
Yup. I mean, we have some bears, but you kind of have to go looking for trouble there and they pretty much avoid you unless you stumble on her cubs. Got copperheads too, and a couple spiders that suck, but it really is a day at the park compared to other states. 
I've seen 5 snakes in the same day in Michigan.  The north still has plenty of snakes and stuff, but many less than the south does.
That's why the northwest is so perfect.  Cold enough to kill the venomous things, and plenty of dragonglass for the white walkers.
Guy living in Melbourne here. NOPE..Our evil shit is immune to the cold, most nights during winter here are -0c.
Melbourne here. That's bullshit. Very rarely gets to zero.
Melton, still considered part of Melbourne for some reason. Lately it's been warmer, but for months it's been in the negs here.
That would be a warm day in winter here in Kansas, and it doesn't get nearly as cold here as it does up in the northern states.
To be fair, that is 32f for us, and there are a few of our deadlies that make it through those temps. FL freezes sometimes, as does AL, GA, and TX... in fact, so do a lot of the desert areas of the states out west. But they warm up during the day or after a few days of busts of cold. They all have a lot of the deadly critters because the animals can find somewhere to stay warm for short periods of time, and many can survive their body temps lowering for a little while. Their systems slow down, but they don't die unless it stays cold. .In Ohio and other northern states, though, there are 4-5 months where temps . below freezing, sometimes spending weeks at a time where the high temps during the day are 15f or -9/-10 for you guys. Reptiles and spiders just don't do well when the temps stay that cold throughout the night and day for days/weeks on end.
Ak checking in on that weather report. It amazes me every damn summer when all the insects come back after frequent -20 and -30 degree spells. 
We still have mud dobbers and copperheads in the midwest son. I've run into plenty of both (along with ass tons of black snakes and raccoons) doing the kind of work in that picture. 
Right, but not in the winter. We get a glorious few months with none of these poisonous death machines.
Things I encountered when I went to grab a rake out of my shed when I was 10: 5ft rattle snake (easily big enough to kill a 10 year old girl), and more black widows and brown recluses than I care to remember. Granted, the recluses prob wouldn't kill me, but having half my leg turn black and die wouldn't be much fun either..Also had to stay away from the ditches along the front yard, because cotton mouths/water moccasins (which can be lethal) are fucking mean and aggressive, as are copper heads. Oh and the coral snakes that like to hang out in the undeveloped lots were tons of fun. .Then, if I wanted to take a walk and ignore the signs warning not to feed gators, I could venture a few blocks and find out where all the neighborhood dogs and cats went to disappear, or in FL, we call them ponds and lakes. .If you wanted to avoid the dangers of the gators and water moccasins, you could go a couple miles away and swim in the ocean. But I lived in New Smyrna Beach, FL... and they aren't exactly known for their friendly sharks. My friend from high school has a chunk missing from his leg to attest to that. .That is just the every day stuff we did without going too far from the front porch. If you were lucky enough to live 5 miles away, int eh more wooded part of town, you got big cats and boars, a couple more species of rattlers, and some more spiders to work with. If your neighbors liked to release their pets, you might even get the pleasure of meeting a burmese python or big ass monitor (they just eat your dogs, though). .Once, when my dad was removing the soffit and siding from a house, he took off some of the vinyl from the overhang and a pigmy rattle snake missed his face by millimeters. He nearly fell off of the ladder he was on and was lucky enough to be wearing gloves. .My point is, you may have more venomous critters and more as far as numbers go, but when it come to how many you come into contact with or close proximity to on a daily basis, unless you live far out of town, it isn't that different. And the same applies for FL; the further you get away from town, the more there is hanging out in your barn or shed or pantry to porch... or crawlspace (which leads to getting in the house usually). But living in town didn't mean negating the risk. We removed more than one snake from our bathrooms and laundry room. Only one of them rattled, though..Edit: I forgot. Bears.
Actually, from what I've read, brown recluses and . aren't that dangerous. Yes, they are poisonous, but you have more than enough time to get to the doctors before something serious happens..Now, Australian spiders....those things will kill you dead in a couple minutes. 
. Yes, they have them... but again, is anyone encountering them and getting bitten? Theirs are bigger and meaner looking (though the wolfs spiders than got teh size of you hand in FL aren't exactly cuddly looking), but the ones they encounter regularly are not doing damage. I would recommend going out in the bush there (where you might happen upon on of them) about as much as I would recommend swimming in a FL pond or walking around some FL woods with a lot of leafy ground cover.
None of this is an exaggeration. None. F' Florida, why am I still here. It's too damn hot too. But we have theme parks, so that's nice I guess.
People ask a lot why I left FL for OH... many, many reasons. The weather is a big one. I would rather be cold and put on another layer than be hot and have no more clothes to remove. But it is also nice not to have to think about whether I should have my back turned to this body of water or not. :)
My gf was hospitalized by a spider bite when she was a bit younger.  Bite on the foot + red trail shooting up her leg later that day.  SE Florida....They live around people.  I once counted 11 brown widows on my swimming pool screen and 2 black widows in my garage at the same time.  I shit you not.  Watch under patio furniture--brown widows are fond of places like that.
I now have both heebies and jeebies..Not wanting the pool my roommate is putting in anymore.
I move to Miami in a month.  I am now terrified. 
Sorry. You are even more south than I was. Yay for being closer to the everglades!  What part of Miami? My family worked down there after hurricane Andrew, so we lived down there for a short while. Unfortunately, at that time, the native guns and looters were more of a hazard than the wildlife.
Coral Gables, I'm going to UM and I'm assuming, or at least hoping,  the campus won't be too infested with deadly animals. I'll certainly be on guard though. I've grown up in West Virginia and the wildlife isn't very dangerous here. 
I live directly on the other side of the coast from you. I go to FGCU, so we have a "green" campus which means everything on campus is wooded. But in my three years of going there, the worst I've ever seen was the gators. I have seen a few snakes but that was out in the woods. 
Lived in WV for a few years before I came to OH. Not much tried to kill me over there. .But I think you will probably be fine on campus. They spray for bugs and stuff, and snakes usually don't like to go play where there are lots of people walking around. Gators have been known to go hang out next to peoples' pools, but they are slow on land so if you run into one on the side of the road or a friend's back yard, as long as you are on land and don't get close to them, they don't really give a fuck what you do. You have a good chance of making it out alive, is my guess. ;)
Yeah, it's just safe and beautiful here! Thanks for the warnings and advice, I'll be on guard if I venture too far from the campus now haha. I don't want to die in my prime. 
you good bruh, as long as you in the concrete fortress of miami you'll be alright. the wonders of drainage canals and the systematic destruction of the everglades down in south florida has warded off the majority of natures nightmares
It took me a while to notice the snake, I was looking at the illusion of a furry face with cross eyes + +
That's a snake? Is this a common thing?
It looks sort of like Nigel Thornberry if you imagine that nest thing is his nose.  And if you're on some sort of mild hallucinogen.
I did the same thing. I was like its a snuffaluffagus.
I saw it as _+ 
I count two snakes. Or that is one snake with weird half body colors.
Looks a little like hypnotoad to me...

Appreciate this subreddit referral!
It looks like a dead cookie monster
anaconda and the 
x +
same here...a frightened creature at that

Cookie Monster's albino cousin.
i thought it looked like 
It looks nothing like Nigel Thornberry.

Yyyyup yup yup yup yup yup yup yup yup yup yup yup 

uhhhhh-huh.
It's what I came for.
That's we she said? Are we still doing these jokes?
Well, to be fair, there's probably wasps in that face
I was like what? the furry face? Lol, the I am like wait wasp nest? Executive brain was DUDE SNAKE!!! 

In Britain I'd say the top 4 dangerous wild animals would be Adder, Sea Eagle, Badger, Pine Marten, or maybe Bees..Then there are potentially dangerous marine creatures including Great Whites.
well that's racist
There hasn't been a death in maybe 100 years from an adder bite. There's been more fatality's from bee stings than adder bites.
Really? Not even a child?.To get serious harm from any wild animal in Britain you have to be seriously provoking that animal anyway. I think my list is okay as far as if you provoked those animals they are the ones most capable of harming a human..Bees are probably by far and away the most likely to cause death in the UK because of the likelihood of interaction and the behaviour humans have towards the animal.
New Zealand has the sand fly. .That's all I can think of right now...
That's nice but no one cares about New Zealand.
Sorry.
that America one really should be changed... not really a colony anymore.. in 
Badger? I had no idea. You have wild boar?
Nah, if we had Wild Boar that would be top of the list by a long way, Wild Boar could fuck you up way more than an Adder. And Sea Eagles might take on a small child at best.

Hey, no spiders. Today was a good day.
What do you think is holding the camera?


They must have money to blow...
Wasn't there a girl who died because she went in the ocean with a wedding dress on?  I heard it made her super heavy and difficult to pull out of the water
the saddest part was that it happened in a swimming pool.  :(
the woman in canada died in a river..edit: this weird ritual is called "trash the dress." i don't understand it one bit. spend a shit-ton of money on a ridiculous white dress only to trash it for a photo opportunity in a life-threatening setting? count me out. 
Am I now the only one wondering about how to swim in such a dress? Seems very difficult to me.
Guess they took the phrase "taking the plunge" a bit literally.
That beach looks extremely painful to walk on.
I saw the picture and thought "Holy crap their beaches are gorgeous." Then I saw the rocks they pass of as sand and that's why I decided I'll stick with my can't see the bottom and not sure if that's seaweed or a plastic bag Long Island beaches. 
I concur!!  Totally agree I mean donate it if you really don't give a shit what happens to it!
Seth Rogen if he had a stroke
Does he also sound like a frog when he laughs?
I was going to say he sounds more like a drunk talking dog puppet..And then I did.
Looks more like Jonah Hill
With a little extra "Asian" added.
Has Seth done an AMA yet?
He did around the release of "This is the End"
Get him to the hospital. Looks like he's having a stroke.
No.
Haha, actually with a little extra "Italian"
With a little extra weed.Mixed in with a little extra Jew fro
Does he have a good personality? 
These are everywhere dude
I have 3-4 working ones in my little town, but we also only have 1 red light. Also, I'm in Wv so we can't rely on cell phones as much .
Whoa... Does it work? I'm guessing you didn't try it out. I've never actually used one of those. Come to think of it, I've never used a phone book either. (I'm 30)
Well I picked it up and there was no dial tone. So I guess it doesn't work. Poor thing. 
Well, it is an AT&T phone
This is on the front page? I know of several public payphones in my city (DC). If only I'd known, I could have posted them.
When I was in the UK I saw a good amount of these.
Huh..they had bikinis before they had beach towels.. 
This might have been hardcore porn back then
Actually, you'd be surprised.
Is this really 1946?  Because I have the . bikini from Victoria's Secret....and I live in the year 2013.  Not necissarily doubting OP, and those are still cool shots, but just interesting that I may have paid $120 for an "original" VS bikini that was designed in 1946....
Here is the . for the second picture..Dovima was 19 when this photo was taken..edit: BTW I love Amy Sedaris.
cool right on!  I wish I had a better picture than . to show you (not that your necessarily interested in my bikini fashion), but this is what I have.  The 'top' tie and the 'back' tie can be tied together around the bust area to create a bandeau effect like in this picture which is how I wear it.  Weird how style comes back every couple decades, eh?
She was a trend-setter.  The bikini was newly introduced in 1946.
What's the subreddit for jerking off to dead people?
Can you imagine a then and now photo? 
They made me thirsty.
It looks like candy! (In a "now I'm hungry," good way)
thats what i call ART
Wow. These are stunning.
I'm going to need a bigger, HD version of this pic for my desktop wallpaper. Thanks. 
I saw this picture more like... Old lady steals money from handicap dudes man bag. 
Twist: this man is actually disabled and we are just judging him because he's fat.
It's sad seeing this.
Wait, which one is the old lady? 
every time I see some fat person riding around in one of those, I just cringe. I'm sure some are legitimately disabled but I've seen several get up and walk out of the store with no problem. 
What if I told you that not everyone who cant walk for long periods of time, is 100% crippled? Mind boggling isn't it?!
He's not really that fat though, there actually might be something wrong with him.
Don't judge, an acquaintance needed to use one after a vasectomy.
An "acquaintance."
[deleted]
You lost me somewhere in that. I'm just taking you at your word. .Edit: Actually... Stepfather's son in law?.Edit: Stepsister's husband?
Same... personally I feel they should ban them unless with a handicap card. I mean come on... instead of exercising they are more lazy with those things and get worse. I'm all for live and let live but those things and those people kind of show that some people can't be trusted to take care of themselves -_-
I suspect this guy has legitimate issues. He's not all that heavy. I assume some circulatory problem. But what do I know?  I'm just the asshole who took the picture. 
A lot of very obese people do have handicap cards. In fact they can claim disability. Sad really.
Because my mother grew up in a fairly poor area, her philosophy is to always have a fully stocked fridge and pantry as like a status symbol/sign of wealth. I hate her for it. They're both filled with expired and disgusting shit that doesn't get thrown away because she just replaces the popular edibles in the front and buys all this food nobody wants because it was in some recipe on the food channel. Any time I attempt to purge them of their overdue contents, she vehemently insists, to the point of shouting, that everything is perfectly edible. Personally, I love long power outages because it's the only way I get to throw all of the shit away. I'm kind of afraid that my mother's creeping food hoarder tendencies will only worsen when I leave for college in the fall. Sorry for the rant.
You have all that delicious good, and you guys STILL ordered a pizza??
That's a pretty fridge, but my parent's has NEVER looked that neat or unfilled with a bunch of junk. Sorry, but I even do my own laundry. No rent  would be nice...
I hate you
That's some strange looking alcohol... 
One day you will realize that you can have this on your own.  There are other parts to a grocery store besides the frozen foods section.
And don't tell me you are an only child!
same fridge high five.
more like my parents empty fridge was inspiration to move out... and then get my own empty fridge.
"Honey what do you want to eat?"."Ehh, I don't know let's order pizza"
If my parents fridge looked like this, I'd move back home too. 
african kids bro!!!! do you even!!!
Yet no beer...
Why are you living with my parents? 
 has officially become Facebook.com... Why are people upvoting a picture of a refrigerator for fucks sake? Really interesting picture OP, thanks for the quality content
I too lived with my parents when I was in high school.
uhg.  I just moved home to my moms house for a month. It is so nice all the tv channels, and all the food, and the pool, and the cleanliness. Also she does all my laundry!.Its like a vacation from responsibility!
Or living by yourself and filling your fridge with whatever you want..
full of food.....still have a pizza box
When I was 19/20 my fridge was often quite empty - but by 21 my apartment fridge was always pretty full.  Maybe you just need to buy more food or eat out less?
That looks exactly like my fridge; minus the healthy food, organization, and cleanliness. 
I choose to believe that this fridge is actually as empty as mine, you just brought all of the stuff to the front to make it look packed..
Yes, that must be the answer.
Yeah, that's if your parents aren't giant jackasses..I recently had to buy 100$ worth of groceries, because they would bitch and moan whenever I ate once a day..Then when I would buy something, they would go after it like sharks to chum.  Seriously, a pound of ham and cheese, gone in a day.  .So now I have to pay for my own groceries, because they're assholes..BUT, enjoy this.  I'm glad at least one of us doesn't have to deal with grocery shopping :)
Depends on a parents though...living my last year with parents before going to college and my fridge looks like the saddest bachelore fridge ever.
there are perks to living with your parents?
My parents' fridge looks nothing like this. It full of nothing but condiments and reused cottage cheese containers full of unidentifiable leftovers...some of which are far too old to still be in there. There's nothing like opening an unmarked container that you can't see into only to find a rotten, moldy pile of stuff..Oh, and cheese. There's always an abundance of cheese for some reason.
"There's nothing to eat!"
As the youngest child, I noticed this stopped as soon as I left home. Turns out my parents don't need much food when their 6'6" son is gone.
No shit! My apartment is pretty bare right now. My lease is up at the end of October and in the beginning of November I'll find out if I'm moving away in the spring. It'd be stupid to sign a new lease so I'm moving back in with my parents until after the holidays. .Oh glorious food here I come.
Yeah, I'm 25 (living with the parents but I am employed) and I caught myself complaining that we had too much food and there was no way I was going to eat it all or the shelf in the fridge was going to break.... I have gotten way too comfortable...
:/.Seeing all that makes me ashamed to even have a fridge
More actual food than condiments, definitely a parent-fridge.
No matter what you put in that fridge, .Don't think I'd call it a 'perk' but rather a 'condolence.'
But there's nothing good to eat!
pffff. This much food doesn't exist.
Yeah... I've got half a loaf of bread. a brick of cheese, some 1 dollar bologna, 4 hardboiled eggs and some canned goods. I jelly.
I miss my mom...
I'll trade food for not having to sneak my girlfriend into my room to have sex with her. 
There's not enough room for the beer.
Pizza!!!
Mine looks like that....but its all old food, strategically stacked 
The only perk
Speaking as a parent, you have to look after your kids well; never know when you might need an organ transplant; and a suitable donor's much simpler to find if they're well-fed, living at home with you and can be easily guilt-tripped.
Like having your own organ ranch!
And I bet the pantry is just as stocked.... Every time I get late night cravings for snackage, I miss living with my parents.... 
Bless those parents!
Don't listen to these shitheads making snide comments, OP.  Do what you gotta on the road to making your life successful, and don't be ashamed to receive goodwill from family.  We aren't exactly in an economic boom, and there could be any number of reasons that a person would be living at home.  Just remember to pay it back when your family needs you. :)
Exactly. I am hoping to save a few more thousand than I could've by living on my own for my upcoming wedding. Sacrifice now so your future will be better.
Get some room mates and that takes a turn for the worse very quickly.
My fridge is full too, because I am a grown man and the fridge is where I keep cold stuff (but not too cold, that's for the freezer) I haven't eaten yet.
Man, grown up fridges are badass. 
Thought this was my grandmas fridge at first..
Many? What are the other ones?
Lots of extra money is the only thing. Since moving back in, my mom does my laundry but it feels so wrong.
You can leave the fridge open and not have to pay for it?
i live with my single mother, a to-go box from the night before is my lucky day.
How old are you?
Surely OP will deliver the answer we are all looking for.
I've got a kid like this. I'm keeping the refrigerator empty until he gets the message.
till you try and take something out and half the shit falls on the floor
Next you will tell us this fridge lives in an elevator
It's a really great feeling when you can afford to go grocery shopping and fill up your own fridge and pantry on your own. Not that I get to do it often, flat mate goes in half so we go all out when we can. :D .But I do remember the feeling of going back home to the parents house when I lived closer and got to see that every time. 
Water dispenser in the fridge AND on the door? Seems a little overkill
I.E. Look at all the food someone else's hard work paid for. 
What? Downvotes? Did people fail to catch me complimenting OP's parents work ethic?
That is my favorite thing about being home from college 
It's all well and good until your mum hits menopause and your two younger sisters start sinking up there periods. Furniture be flying.
MA! The Meatloaf!
I'm 26. Just moved back in with mine after being on my own a year. Enjoy this time. All that money you've got. I am now scared to spend any extra and feel like I have to save every penny for when I get married because life is so expensive lol.
Having a family of your own and a life you're proud of, or eating. It . a tough decision sometimes.
Depends on your parents and situation. I moved back in with mine, and while it . suck I am used to it again, and I'm saving money for my wedding. Mom is gone a lot, dad travels during the week, sister is gone to university, and my fiance and I usually just stay in my room. On weekends I stay gone or sleep. It's not . but not something to be ashamed of (for anyone, not just OP).
Can I come over? I'll bring video games... and my boobs :D
Now: just to clarify, are we taking bona fide girl, or just some fat guy? 
Actually I'm a really skinny guy I was going to bring a pair of those bra inserts. .LOL j/k I'm a chick. If you check my history you'll see. 
r/gonewild posts as proof!
Lots of extra money.
My best friend has some 4 month old chicken, a milk jug, and a stick of butter (that I took over from my apartment when I bled there), so..lol.
Son, put that damn pizza in a container that is air tight. 
i teared up a little bit.
i wanna go home
I was hoping there would be at least one other person that noted this tragedy.  They have no priorities!  I have 2 shelves of nothing but beer and my wife has 2 shelves and the drawers for food.
Wherever you live, it's not real. He's a fake, everyone! A .!
You're going to have to step out of your mother womb someday...please don't be over 21
Still better than it used to be when it was full of memes and rage comics.
Well that and more money..I moved back in to save up for my wedding. It was my fiances idea. It's been okay so far...if I'm not with her though I'm finding something to do outside of the house.
I dont see any beer. Ok i will take the oj.
Yeah I moved in for 9 months into my parents' house till I get married, all the stuff you mentioned is the only reason I haven't killed myself yet. Also, the extra money is nice.
Having dinner ready to eat when you get home is the best
Where is that pizza from? This is important!
It only costs your dignity! Good deal!
My eyes went straight for the wine >.>
Dat fresh fruit. 
i'd take an empty fridge over living with my crazy-ass family any day of the week. 
For comparison, 
At least you can feel good about hood. (Thank you Mister Minor)
Fuck. This is totally what my fridge looks like and I've lived alone for 2 years.
Damn for a second I thought you snuck into my family's home and snapped a picture of our fridge... We should get jackets. 
I live alone. I have this. It's called the grocery store. :\
I admired that picture, zoomed in and scrolled around for longer than I would like to admit.  Well done, OP's parents. 
There are many goodies in the back as well! It actually gets quite frustrating getting to anything that's not in the front
First world problems. 
Laundry and no rent.
I'm going to also add, probably a nice house to live in over a crappy apartment.
I'm 10 days away from payday. You are a lucky asshole.
I'm really confused.  This appears to be a picture of a refrigerator.  But instead of beer it has... some sort of weird organic stuff packed in plastic and paper in it.  What is this wizardry?
And there is still nothing to eat.

Move out you loser 
Disadvantage of living with parents: No pride. .My fridge looks like this, and my pantry. And I make shit money, I just know how to shop, and learned how to cook. 
My refridgerator looks like that too. Except, without all the food in it. 
I have quite the collection of condiments.
nah. you can eat mold if you prepare it right.
TWO cartons of strawberries? What are we, making summer milkshakes later? Goddamn you and your fruit-filled happiness.
I almost bought 2 last week.  Mainly because we recently moved and a large costco sized bag of chocolate chips sort of melted into a single solid block during the move.  So we melted a bunch for strawberries.
You said what I was thinking. And it didn't sound strange... unless I'm strange too, which is possible, but not likely. 
Strawberries are packed with fiber.
"They were on sale"
What if I were to tell you that behind the fried chicken and BBQ, yes that's right, the . and ., lays three neatly stacked cartons of fresh blueberries..If your really curious, the fruit doesn't stop there, we typically keep all the excess fruit in a fridge in the garage.  It's really quite ridiculous.  I love my Mom.
"excess fruit"?.Where in the world do you get excess fruit?  I pay $6 per thing of strawberries and blueberries and I have to freeze the bastards immediately to keep them from spoiling.  Stupid grocery stores.
2.50 a thing where I live.
I had to look carefully to ensure this isn't MY fridge. Since my children won't live at home with me. 
It's fine. 
It's not proper to trap gays in your garage.
Well then... That came off stronger than intended. Enjoy those sure-to-be perfectly sliced pieces of pineapple as well. .Edit: I miss home.
And in the final edit the truth finally comes out.
Awesome! You can share this with all the dates you are not bringing home. Because you live with your parents.
Got a gf while living at home who turned into a fiance while I still lived at home, moved out for awhile, said fiance thought it'd be a good idea to move back in since we both finally set a date to save more money..Just because you live at home, it does not mean you cannot get a date.
Op might not have a woman, but at least he has enough food to drown out his emotions for a long time. 
yea, but most of those people turn it to be useless anyway...Just look at all the food, with this much food, you feel full just looking at it and eat less as a result
And you can turn around and share all the fruit you don't have with your GF that doesn't exist. Bitches love fruit.
Yeah pretty sure the whole "loser livimg with his parents" thing is just a myth, you can have fun while living with your parents, even more since you're much less financially responsible.
it looks more like "Cock"
fuck it
At least where ever you are, theyre giving the clouds freedom of speech.  They got ours telling us how to live    
Reminds me of the time I took a long skinny shit and it layed out perfectly to spell xo. I called my boyfriend into the bathroom to share the romantic moment. 
Bit of a stretch.
I guess you found a flying fuck
I think it says "fat fuck" or maybe it used to say "get fucked." Either way, scary man in the sky isn't happy.
A fine example of the 

The amount of fucks I give about this post: .That's right....0!
Man I remember back in the good old days when it was just animals now this. Times have changed.
Stunning.  I would love to have this hanging in my living room.
wish it was in full size for desktop use!! curses!!
Get this crap off . 
The IRS would like to know.
500:(
Lets see if we can match your winnings with Karma...make it a twofer. 
Id be willing to wager that you win $200. every Time I've won like that, with every number winning, Its a $200 winner.
He confirmed this 13 hours before you posted...
I thought I was the only one to scratch off tickets like that. Kudos on the win!
With my luck, it would only be about $15.
Im going to say you won $1000, congrats 
This is just as bad as waiting for thee safe. My heart can't take anymore tomfoolery!!
lol, my bad, I didn't read any other comments. Just giving my opinion. 
OP please deliver
Nice try, Lotto marketing team.
Let me guess. Maryland Lottery, right?  Damn MD, take all your shit and gives nothing back.
LOL, I have had a couple cards like this, if you have two or more winners they are always like $10-20 each.
[deleted]
also drugs
ahhh. feel the rush? which is why you will keep playing and eventually lose your house.. good luck! 
wooowww thats awesome, great to see someone actually win something
oh you poor bastard..I feel for you.
how do you win 1 million then?
$250
$15
C'mon an hour is way toooooo long to be waiting for an outcome I get nothing out of.... just another "safe"...
All in all, it's just another safe on the front page.
Each one is $1, you're the proud owner of 15 bucks! .It was probably a $10 ticket, you're 5 bucks ahead IF you didn't buy any others.
Well if it was a $10 ticket the least he could win is $150 as you can't win any less than the ticket is worth on any one prize.
That's only true for the whole ticket, not individual 'scratch areas'. I've had $5 tickets that won $10 but the individual scratch games were lime $2, $2, $1, $5..Basically, those could all be $1 prizes still.
He won $200- so much for pessimism.
Dang I knew my logic was flawed in some way
This is incorrect. Total prize will be at least $10z imdovidual prizes will most likely be $1 each.
I want to see you rolling in 200 one dollar bills
I'll give you $11 for your $10 scratch off ticket
My mom always bought us scratchers for our birthdays. On my brother's 21st birthday one of his scratchers was the kind where you scratch off 1 number and then if any of the 5 to the side match, you win. His number was 21 and every single number on the card was 21. The card was only worth $10 because each win was only $2 but it was still pretty cool. He actually cashed it in and to this day says he wished he'd just missed out on the $10 and kept the scratcher.
There was a homeless dude who lived in my old hometown who would make a "living" by picking up already scratched off tickets from the trash and ground. He obviously didn't make enough to afford a house or anything, but he always had food and cigarettes. .I guess there are quite a few people who throw away winning tickets without noticing. Every time I walk by a ticket on the ground, I glance down at it and see if it's a winner. I always try to pass it off like I am tying my shoe or something. 
You could just pick it up...if it's not a winner, throw it away properly - you're reducing litter and no one need think less of you.  Plus, by taking it away, you're saving the valuable time of other discarded-ticket-lookers such as yourself.
You make some good points, pastymage. I will do exactly this next time I see one on the ground. .This might be the first comment I have made on Reddit that featured zero sarcasm. 
I've had a few before where i've not even noticed I won, sometimes they're not very distinguishable symbols so you don't realise, at a glance, that the chest is a chest when it looked like a watch so you actually made $5 on a $2 scratcher..I now triple check by default, would rather spend an extra 15 seconds checking than miss out on a couple $ on one I thought I didn't get anything on.
$15
Oh the suspense is killing me..Seriously. .Hurry the hell up and finish scratching that thing, I have shit to do. .($350 is my guess)
So scratch it already, how could you have waited this long?!?
I bought a lottery ticket once in my life and that week someone won. I didn't check my numbers for 2 days because I knew I didn't win but it was fun to imagine for a bit.
gotta get that karma baby
OP had better deliver. 
This further solidifies that everyone goes to sleep after playing monopoly.
Wow!  That is fantastic!  I hope you win a lot - everyone can always use a little extra money nowadays. :-)
About tree fiddy
*bout
Now it was about that time that I realised BraveOmeter was really a giant sea monster from the crustacean period
It was $200 - 5 @ $20 and 10 @ $10 - profit of $190.
Thanks for all of the well wishes!!
We need a pic OP! We have been burned so many times. 
I never knew it was possible to get multiple of the same number
Sweet deal. Congrats with the profit
this reminds me when I was 1 number away from winning a million dollars...ended up winning 100 dollars
Hi OP! It's your second cousin! I hear you won the lottery! Say, Betty had an emergency and we could really use a bit of cash. You think you might be able to spare say... $47?
Believe him.  He's a Doctor.
You're lucky they all weren't $1.  I used to work in a gas station, I've seen more tickets scratched off then you can imagine and 90% of the time when all the numbers win, it's for $1.00/$2.00 apiece.  
Are you in WI? Ticket looks like one at my work.
We  have that game in NY.  Dunno if multiple states might share game themes. ., lol pun intended, ours is a $2 million prize.
Almost all the Lottery Scratcher tickets are printed by a company in Georgia, My understanding the security there is better than the Federal Reserve.
Parched with lust for someone elses money, we put you on the front page for two hundred bucks.
Hey I won $100 in the same fashion last week. Was so excited then sad, then till excited because HEY $100!
You asked if there were any guesses, then posted the answer before I had a chance to guess. Jerk.
Well that was a giant let down.
More like grump-etmormon....I'll see myself out...
Ha! That's pretty funny. Good one.
Take care brush your hair
Is there a subreddit for things like this? This is how I get my jollies. 
?

Yeah I found that. It's pretty dead over there. 

Looking for a scratcher subreddit to be more specific. I want to see tickets that people have already scratched and won. 
that was severely disappointing. 
Well...that's kind if disappointing. How do you get a million then? You need to win harder?.Haha..oh well. Can't complain with $200 :-)
I think if you win more than a few hundred dollars, its usually all from one matching number.  ive known a few people that have won 5k or 10k, and the scratch off only has one matching pair.
Or maybe the order of the numbers matter?
OP didn't scratch the full card. Each number has a prize amount listed under it.
you know you're gonna have to upload a pic of it...
OP? OP.Are you out there .pls .pls 
pls
Happy cakeday have an upvote
Hey, who turned out the lights?.Hey, who turned out the lights?
Are you there God? It's me, Margaret.
Why does the third one start out as pls then echo with rspnd?
Hello? .Is there anyone in there?.Just nod if you can hear me..Is there anyone home?

Looks like I'm all 
Hello?.Is it me you're looking for? .I can see it in your eyes.I can see it in your smile
FTFY..Heretic ...
[deleted]
I can't hear you
Come on now,.I hear you're feeling down..Well, I can ease your pain.Get you on your feet again.
Relax, .I'll need some information first,.Just the basic facts, can you show where it hurts?
There is no pain, you are .A distant ship smoke on the horizon.You are only coming through in waves... 
Your lips move, but I can't hear what you say...
When I was a child, I had a fever,.My hands felt just like two balloons,.Now I've got that feeling once again,.I cannot explain, you would not understand,.This is not how I am,
C-c-c-combo breaker!
[deleted]

you stopped at the best part you dick

IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII have become, comfortably numb.


Mom's spaghetti
Ma-ma-ma-my Sharona!
All the numbers match? Yeaaaaah, best I can do is $200
That's how most scratch offs play. When you lose you lose hard. When you win you win big. Big as in every number.
Better than a kick in the balls. 
More like 10 small fries and 5 McChickens.
The original looks like a soup can
More angles and jagged edges, guys! We need to look edgy, for the kidz. Eventually the 7 will just be a lightning bolt; you heard it here first.
I miss the '94 red dot dude
80-90 is all I can remember (aside from Cherry 7Up), I guess I stopped drinking it in Jr. High.
I think they really perfected the design in 1995.
Oh yeah! .I forgot all about the time when the red dot became sentient.
I prefer 1980.
For comparison 
you forgot the infamous dnl
1977!
in denmark, i've only seen the 1990 design and the current design, i don't think the others has been used in denmark, due to the design i called it zup, because that was what i thought it was called
edit 1: sorry for bad gramma, if there is, i am not in the mood for checking that, and as told earlier, i am danefag
I miss cool spot :(  his game was cool.
1994 7-Up was 2dope.
A flood of feelings. 1994 feelings. 
Make 7 UP YOURS
Damn, always wanted one of those shirts.
64 and 67 look very modern.
1977 is just so classy
If we're voting.....1972
1980, it doesn't overwhelm but still looks stylish.  Plus, I hate how vertical half of them are.  There's a reason it lasted so long.
Seconded.  Back when drinking 7-Up was anti-establishment - the "Un-Cola!"
1967 all the way.
i think that 1967 is the best and than 1990.i like simple cans
1994 all the way. Look at its cute little hands and feet.
Agreed.  Main reason I drank it as a kid because I thought it looked cool.  Then came along Surge
meh....i choose not to personify my beverages...
Damn, it's hard to believe that was so long ago. If I hadn't seen these, and someone asked me how long ago 7-up used the little dot with glasses guy, I would have guessed only a few years. .Oh, and I am partial to the 1967 and 1977 versions, as well. '67 is probably mu favorite, because of how minimal it is. 
That's Cool Spot, he used to be the mascot for 7Up, even had a video game too.
I played the hell out of that game on Super Nintendo.
That video game was da bomb.  Cool Spot was truly cool.  He'd even yo-yo if you didn't move the controller for a few seconds.  Oh - youth!
For a pure marketing vehicle, that game was actually pretty fun.
 was $1.60 too.
I worked at McDonald's once. I hated my bitch of a boss bad enough that I worked hard. I worked until I was her go to guy. I can literally make a BigMac in under 10 seconds..Then, on the weekend of the fourth of July, I waited until there were lines for both the drive thru, and the counter, and I stopped and just stood there..I stood there for a minute while nothing happened..I stood there for two minutes while nothing happened..Then in comes "Bossy McBossy Bitch" yelling, "Hybrid, why aren't you making orders!"."Because you are a cunt and you deserve to fail. You and your position of authority mean fuck all to me. I am not working, nor am I moving.".So, she immediately goes and calls the cops while yelling orders to others who have no clue. They try to start making sandwiches around me, but I'm making it pretty hard..Eventually, with customers literally ready to riot the police show up, accompany me out, hear the very short version of my story and release me without charge..Fuck you McDonald's managers. You have some vague minimal amount of power over the very least powerful people in society..To all of you who had to wait "Up to a half hour for my fucking order"....Fuck you, you are all fat fucking idiots..TL;DR ~ Don't work at McDonald's and if you do, burn that bridge so fucking hard you could never possibly go back.
You can get all that for less than $25 these days, in some places. What a deal. 
"Now all I get is the diabetes"
I remember my dad coming home and bragging about his raise one year. We were living large on his $12,000 a year.
How much damn fries do they think people need?
If McDonalds brought this back, they would lose too much money.
Inflation's a bitch
As a kid McD's had a commercial about regular burger, fries and small drink and "you got change back from your dollar". Yes I am old.
Why do I somehow doubt that. 
Very clever of them to list it that way. Someone's left without a beverage.  FU, McDonald's!
What?
Would you like fries, fries, fries, and fries with that?
So... Does it come with fries?
Now all I can get for $4 at McDonalds is diarrhea... I guess times haven't changed that much
That used to be a meal? Damn America...
$4.00 in 1972 could by about as much as $22.34 today. 
I did it on Mcdonalds menu and came up with 21.83 if I chose medium drinks and fries. I was close XD
Is that Steve Carrell? 
Young Paul McCartney
HAHA, yeah you may be right.
oooh I love the fog on the hills effect. You should also post in . 
HDR? Colors look super saturated and "wet" compared to the real Italy, which is dry and dusty (but gorgeous).
It heavily depends on where you are in Italy.
White people to the rescue!
 children. You didn't call the israeli kids jews, did you?
Can't everybody get a longboard.
It's a bit odd to call them Arab in this context, but by no means is it offensive to refer to Palestinians as Arabs. 
Palestinians are Arabs. The title is correct. 
this is amazing
Yeah man! Check em out on Facebook and you can see more about it. It's a good cause and any help counts 
I only clicked on this link because I saw a hot girl in the thumbnail. Then I read the title and felt like a twat. Congratz! Goodluck and keep it up. 
Holly from The Office?!
Can someone explain to me like I'm 5, how is this picture even remotely interesting for r/pics?
Sweet matchbox cars.  Is that a 1969 VW Beachbomb?  Lucky.  
Or you just took a pic and made up a story?
I tried to go through and up vote what I could and replied to the assholes. You deserve credit, not negativity. It would be nice of the positives ones ere could send the assholes love because they really need it too.
Congratulations on sobriety.  It's hard to find, even harder to keep..10 years myself.
What method did you use for getting clean? AA, rehab, other?  Also, congratulation!  Its one of the hardest things to beat in life and alcohol is one of the few drugs that you can die from the withdrawals.
You look great! Keep up the good work :)
You look fantastic lady!! Addiction is a difficult thing to overcome. Congrats to you :)
What is important about this day? 
Isn't there a subreddit for this? .Of course, a girl picture will always do well in . . 
Do you go to AA or any other support networks/12 step groups?
im an alcoholic. still go to the gym morning before I DRINK
If I send you a drawring of my penis, and I pay for it, will you tattoo it on your arm? .You said "I wish." 
4 years sober? When did you start drinking, at 10?! In what mess of a country do you live?!
I enjoy Jameson and Beer too much to quit drinking.  I just drink once a week.  congrats to you though.
It's my birthday today!
U look like Michael Scotts girlfriend 
You remind me of Rita from Dexter.
Is it just me or does she look like Beadie from The Wire?
You look like you do a lot of h 
Many congratulations, keep up the great work! I hit 3 years October 26 :-D 
Congrats!
Congrats on both accounts. 
Keep going your doing great things for your self.
Congratulations! I too have struggled with drugs! You keep it up! The people downvoting these comments do so because they are terrible people, people of darkness, hatred and jealousy. People like you and I are positive, of light and of love! The ones downvoting these have nothing better to do with their time. They simply want to take value away from this planet. They dislike their life and want you to dislike yours. BUT YOU KEEP IT UP!
Congrats! 
Thanks for sharing and letting the rest of us know it can be done!
You look great! Congrats on kicking out the bad and keeping yourself in shape
As a person who's drinking is broken down into not how many unit's they've had, but how many litre bottles they drink daily, Congratulations! Now where's my wine glass got too? Ah bottle! Done. 
Well done. Keep up the good work.
Congrats. Looking great and really good to see you have the strength to beat what kills some people.
I enjoy drinking, I enjoy partying, but if I had someone has beautiful and strong as you in my life ( SO, friend, sister, whatever ) I'd move mountains to make sure you stayed as happy as you look in this picture. 
CONGRATULATIONS!!!!! :):):) Isn't it amazing what you can do one day at a time?!?! :):)
Congrats. You look amazing. 
Liar
so no vegas huh? why do you have stripper heels on
Are you Samus?
Just curious: what was your drug of choice?
Congratulations love! You look amazing!
Is that a penis on your arm, or are you just happy to see me? Also, I find you attractive... good job on staying healthy and happy, life is a constant struggle. 
Good for you, love. KUTGW!!!! I hope one day you are so far removed from your previous dependency that you are able to one day imbibe with control and without shame. 
What does posing in your underwear have to do with celebrating your sobriety? 
Congratulations! I am always impressed with people who overcome their demons. You are an inspiration to everyone who wants to better themselves. Continue to have a happy life, this is part of your legacy!
So..... what's it like being married to Michael Scott?
2 1/2 years here! Congragulations!!! What an accomplishment! Hugs!!!
You should be soooo proud. I wish for a long life of sobriety for you.
As a fellow addict, 8 years clean this year, and an addiction counsellor seeing posts like this and hear the hope makes my heart happy.  Congrats and have a wonderful day!!!!!!!
The smile says it all. Me, my wife and daughter have lost a shed load of weight to save our lives in the past year - not the same story as you but I recognise a winners smile nevertheless. Sometimes we feel guilty - we are so damn happy; no-one is supposed to feel this good? Congrats on your success, keep going.
AA gives gold colored coins, reddit gives gold too. 
drunk people reasoning...  start drinking again and do anal instead? :P
congratz girl, looking fine sober and healthy dont fukking fuk up again!
You should be VERY proud of yourself. Congrats!
I just had my 6 year on the 7th of July - well done, keep on swimming, keep on swimming!
Guys look at my body and comment on it, also something about drinking 
Love u beb
Congratulations :) I can't imagine how hard you've worked to make it this far, but from reading through this thread your kids make every day of it worth it. .Keep it up! A long and happy life to you. 
Congratulations!!! You go girl!! Amazing job!!
I'm not sober but TIL if I lied and said I was then I would get free Reddit Gold.
...and look at those flip flop tan lines!!
Congratulations!
Congratulations on your journey to health and happiness! You look so happy! Keep up your good work! :)
Sober from?
7 months and 4 days here, props!
What is that strange thing on your arm? .I can't tell what it is or what it's supposed to be, or if it's marker or a tattoo..Not mocking it. Just want to know wtf it is....Also grats on your recovery. 
You are welcome to come to Dubai for a drink anytime you want.
congratulations!!  so many drunks/addicts commenting... just got 6 months myself, i love it, and i love all of you.  so much good vibes!
I'm proud of you OP! 
Keep it going, i hope the best for you.
Good luck in the future! :)
Is that a dick tattoo on your arm?
Someone's skipping leg day.
Congrats!!! I pick up seven years in October. As good as life feels at four years, it feels even better at five, six, etc..Keep it up!!!
Congratulations! It just keeps getting better!  7 years sober, one day at a time...we are the luckiest people on the planet! Oh Happy Day!!
Congratulations!  I'll hit ten years on 9/6/13.  Keep up the good work!
Fuck yeah, Lady!! Keep it up. 
Proud of you. Definitely easy to take the "no change" road and keep falling apart. You're inspirational and your smile made my day better. 
You are awesome! Congrats!
"There are only 2 kinds of people who are against drugs: those who have never done them and those that fucked up doing them.".-Doug Stanhope.
and looking great
Gym > alcohol
Congrats! What an accomplishment! Keep up the good work!

Very happy for you. You look like a million bucks!
congrats!
Sexie as fuck
congrats!!! 4 years too myself! sobers reunite! a easier, softer way! :) 
I've been sober for 29 years. Should I post a pic?
7 months and 4 days sober for me! lost 56 too :), your looking great keep it up and congrats!
Is that a dick tattoo on your arm? If it is then that is awesome! 
Congratulations! Here's to many more!
Congrats and I'm very happy for you!   Hopefully I can say the same thing someday.  :/ 
What's your story OP?
It is always nice to see a person do a 180 in life for the better! 
Lucky me made the decision to never drink in my life and I have been succeding thus far. 
Keep it up!
before pic?
I lost my mom to Alcoholism in 2005, It makes me happy to see some one save them selfs. It makes you appreciate the small things in life...
You look great! Ripped!
DEM GUNZ
Also, hot!  Rowwrrr!
Awesome job, you are great, and look great.
Congratulations! I'm coming up on a year on Sunday!!! Nice to see redditors in recovery!
Grats, you are awesome!

Thank you. Wanted to make sure this was covered. 

Hahaha my husband started my sons collection while I was pregnant. 

it's probably the day she decided to be, and/or began being, sober
[F]ive years sober. Be gentle.
I've been browsing Reddit for some time now without an account and just made one so I could upvote this. Congratulations on your exciting day, very inspirational
How did you manage to do it? I'm kinda in a vicious circle of drink and drug abuse but am too shit scared to stop because thats pretty much all my friends do. Like did you have to just completely stop hanging out with certain friends? Congrats by the way
Get better friends who don't enable destructive behavior.
Upvote to that. I've just hit my fourth year of sobriety as well. I get tattooed every year to the day. Keep it up.
Fuck yes!  You are right to be proud of yourself.  Keep strong, lady!

Woohoo...just got 6 months myself, congrats.
Congratulations - you look great! I'm inching up on 20 years sober now (I'm an old man) and will tell you that after about 4 or 5 years I wasn't even tempted. It has just gotten easier and easier.
Great job!  You look awesome!
Good for you! Congrats!
Congrats! Keep it up! 
2 weeks sober here! :) congrats
4 months and counting, damn it feels good.
Awesome Job. I'll have 5 years in September. I always get the chills thinking about how far I've come. 
How did you become successful?  AA?  What is your method.    .I ask because I found rehab and AA etc... To be utter nonsense and have successfully stayed sober anyway (6 years).  So I guess I'm asking, what works for you?
We love it too! 
That's awesome. Congratulations. I myself have never experienced substance addiction, but both my parents have. My mother is reaching about 7 years sober and my father is a couple months from 10 YEARS! .Whether you did it for yourself, or your loved ones, it's an amazing feat of strength and intelligence. Good job :)
I can somewhat relate. I used to smoke weed a lot,  pretty much all I did,  it was a hobby. I used to go to school high and everything. Smoking in public.. All that nonsense. But I finally stopped and let me tell you,  it is an amazing feeling to be happy without some sort of drug in me. I don't know how long it's been since I last smoked, but I feel great. I'm not doing anything illegal (besides downloading music,  uh oh NSA..) and I'm not hurting my mom anymore. It's great. 
Hell yeah! That's amazing. Just took 6 years a couple months ago. It just keeps getting better. I feel the same way about my sobriety date, more important and special than my birthday. It's the day my spirit began its rebirth. Keep kicking ass!
My mum is almost at 18 years,  we always celebrate it as a birthday, we refer to her actual BIRTHday as her belly button birthday. So I say celebrate away..Edit - too many buttons.  
Congrats! 
I was so scared for you for a long time and am super proud of what you've managed to overcome. Keep at it lady! Even though we never see each other anymore you are often in my thoughts.  As for the silly folks on here, fuck that noise. Also damn you for making me stop my 3 years of lurking to actually make an account :)
This is it. I'm unsubscribing.

This is just a picture of a chick.  Go tell it over in Sob_stories.
Great work!  Keep those birthdays coming!
5 years this past June for me! Good for you!

Congratulations! My younger sister just hit 1 month, hopefully she can keep it up like you!
Huh? So did she loose weight or kick an addiction to something? What does posing with your shirt off have to do with being sober?

Awesome news!  Good for you and keep on going!  You look great and now the future is wide open for you =D  Good luck in life, dear!
Congratulations on kicking the booze, keep it up, I wish you all the luck in the world. Strangely I ran a liquor store for 15+ years and I have to say half my customers had a problem with booze and should have quit. Most people dont realize there is a problem until its too late.
I have 28 months as of the 3rd, I'm excited to see what 4 years feels like :-) 
Day 4, And your an inspiration, I dont know how the fuck im gonna do this shit. I just wanna be nnormal but I dont see it ever happening. I can at least be sober. 

My boyfriend's 5 years is on August 11th!! Congrats!!!!

Congratulations.  I asked a friend, who's in his early 70's now, how long he's been sober and he told me the exact number years,months and days...29yrs/4months and 6 days.  This is a big milestone for those with addiction problems and I've been around plenty of alcoholics and drug users.  Keep doing what you're doing.

This made me so happy, Thank you.

Awesome! You truly inspire people like me. I just crossed the 6 month mark
I don't feel people like this should be rewarded, or be able to boast. What about the people sober for their entire life? It's more admirable to have a strong mind to not go that path at all. And don't come at me saying you went through some shit and all that jazz, because i've been there. I'm glad people like this are doing better but, i don't think they deserve the amount of glory thrown at them.
Go read the parable of the prodigal son and get over yourself. It's harder to dig yourself out of a pit than to stand on level ground. Good for you for being sober. GREAT to her for GETTING sober.
THEY BOTH DESERVE GLORY!
2 Years on the wagon here! Good Job!
Congratulations! I've had people close to me struggle with alcoholism and i get how huge this is. I'm happy that you made it this far. Stay strong and have an upvote. 
Now why do people look at me like i'm crazy when i say i don't drink/never have.but celebrate people who quit drinking :(

I don't really know, but you could find hundreds of biblical commentaries on the subject! ..
Not to discredit your choice, but quitting drinking after developing a serious addiction is a depressing, soul-crushing, excruciating thing. It's more difficult than not drinking in the first place..If you've never dealt with severe addiction issues you won't understand what it's like.



Been sober for (insert time here)! Now where's my gold?
Omg, you are so strong.  You're my hero!
Thanks, it's been tough but it's been seeing people like this that's kept me strong :)
I don't get why people crave attention for being "clean" or "sober" when they did it to themselves in the first place and then everyone applauds them for being strong and what not. No, if you were strong in the first place, this wouldn't have happened. Why don't people just pat themselves on the back behind closed doors and not make it known? Incoming hatred from reddit.

EXACTLY.  Just cuz she couldn't handle a few cocktails, we have to make her a hero???

I just don't get their reasoning or rationality on it. You knew it was bad in the first place. Just like its known to be bad to do something like stabbing yourself, do we applaud someone for not stabbing themselves?

OK. 
Three weeks today, here!

Great job! But why are you half naked?

For upvotes.
I'm 24 and have never had any kind of substance abuse. Please congratulate me as well.

CONGRATULATIONS AND KEEP IT UP!
Thanks! It's really difficult, but I know personal responsibility is important!
Thank you for being a decent human being..Sincerely,.A fellow responsible person
Congratulations to you too man.
Let's celebrate with a drink!
Congratulations on beating your addiction. You look great!
SO well done. Congratulations and such great power and vibes to you. Your smile is the worlds reward for having you near..You are truly a champion. 
Great work. I hope you inspire more people.
Congratulations! You look fantastic! 4 years is an awesome accomplishment :) 
Congratulations! You should stop by .! It helps people earlier on in sobriety to hear success stories. Either way, keep up the good work!
Congrats to you.  I must admit. Your in way better shape than I am in lol   And you look healthy!! Hard works pays off in more ways than you can appreciate sometimes, they say.. Ur pic is motivation to many I'm sure including myself
Now go rawrrr! Congrats.
Good for you. You look great.  Congrats . 
That's an interesting tan you have there...
Congrats.  Keep on not doing what you haven't been doing.
For a moment I thought you had a dick tattooed on your biceps.  

Someone has been skipping leg day

Ever tried picking up beers with your feet?
I don't know what you mean
your feet


Congrats!! Keep up the good work!! 
Congratulations.....you're your own hero
Ah yes... The flip flop tanlines. I'm outdoors often.
This is one type of post that should never ever be mocked or maligned..These posts, and social media posts about 'heading to work out' absolutely can come off as self-congratulatory and/or attention seeking, but they serve a purpose to the person posting...who may be dealing with motivation issues, or struggling with a demon..Congratulate, or ignore..I choose to congratulate!
If you need karma to support your recovery you aren't going to last long anyway. That strength has to come from within. 
I disagree.  That strength can come from many places.

Glad you're still with us.
Damn girl, I had no idea I'd be going to the gun show this morning!  Great work!
Congratulations! Stay strong and seriously way to commit for the betterment of your daughter, need more people like you in the world
Added a son to the scene too after being sober a bit. Everyone says do it for yourself and I did, but I definitely aim to lead a good example for my two kids.

Congratulations! One day at a time :-)
I don't mean to sound like an asshole, and I congratulate you on your accomplishment. But I am so tired of people encouraging these kinds of posts without any context or information except its title.

Usually they do go to the effort of putting in a before and after shot at least, but this could just be any random girl on Facebook. 

Congratulations, notawildaccount!!  You are a true inspiration, and lookin' pretty darn good, too! .EDIT:  Seriously, why the hell would this comment, that compliments someone on something for which they're obviously very proud, get downvoted??
Maybe because you're coming off as a sniveling ass kisser?

I wonder if anyone would give a shit if you were ugly...

I bet not :/

The happiness and healthiness show! Keep up the hard work and stay real with yourself! 

You should be proud of yourself! There was once a man who said "He, who conquers himself, is stronger than the strongest of lions."
I believe it applies perfectly here. 
Congrats and keep it up!

What about a lion who conquers itself? 

I don't understand the negative comments on here but props to you for not sinking to their level with your replies!.Congratulations on your anniversary,  you look fantastic. 
Thank you! No one could make me less happy today!
whats that on ur bicep?

Is it bad that every single time I see a post like this anymore, my first thought is to check if it's been posted on .?
.
I felt that I should submit almost half the posts on the frontpage of ., but I felt that that would be complete overkill.
Well, we do have a threshold. I think it has to have 500 points or so total?

More and more . is just selfies with sob stories..Weren't the mods going to put a stop to this nonsense?

Are you sure this is a sob story? To me it looks like a happy story
"Please take this picture of me flexing as evidence of my sobriety."

Do you have a penis tattooed on your arm?
It looks like a side view of someones junk with huge nuts, but nuts that are Mickey Mouse themed. I approve. 
...Well at least I'm not the only damaged mind that immediately thought ."Is that a penis on her arm"
First thing I did was search the thread for the word penis, I was sure someone had asked the same thing I thought.
I searched for "I wish" and arrived at the same place.
It doesn't matter what I did yesterday, it only matters what I do today. 
How many PM's have you gotten from guys wanting you to do them today?

tell that to my lawyer

*the jury.
Congrats.  I wish you the best going forward.  .Do you mind sharing what it was that made you commit to sobriety?    
[deleted]

Come on dude, context is much different than begging for votes.  Maybe this picture isn't really interesting, but is it really so terrible to offer positive reinforcement to our peers?

No it isn't at all. However, there are tons of subs specialised for that.
In this sub....yes. 
Sure. But put it on . or . or anywhere else. The only reason it is here is because the mod team of . doesn't do anything.
I for one seriously dont give a shit.
Ohh look at me, everyone I need attention, I havent done drugs in four years. Also downvote me, I fucking hate reddit.
Then leave reddit?

I love how post with no reference point like this skyrocket to the front page. Hell, for all we know this could be some random photo of a girl from google images. If I'm to believe OP, I need to see the before pictures goddammit! 
I totally agree with you, but i have to admit that the one thing i do enjoy about these posts is downvoting the sea of pointless compliments, they just make these posts so much more annoying.
lol
I wish 
What is on your arm? I get the tattoo on your foot, but I can't tell with your arm. Also, as this post wasn't about your body art I would like to add a big congrats on becoming happy and healthy; it's not easy.

I can help you with that... 
Lol
I think we can work this out.

i was shocked by this response to his comment. . .     it generates so many questions. . .  ill start with his one..whos penis would you get tattooed ?

"Who is penis"?.Sit down, I have a long talk to give you.
How's babby formed


A girl on a swing under the moon and text that reads "to try hard". I got the tattoo on my one year with my sister who was at her 5 year. I also have a sweet owl... They're both in previous posts of mine.
nice! well congrats on the sober thing! stay strong!
Nice, I have a 8 month sober owl tattoo!

It looks like a crack pipe from this pic. 


I thought the tattoo said "party hard." That would have been a bit ironic. 
for some reason I though it was this one

 . Yours is better.
Sir, a message from Batman. 
 is calling

[deleted]
easy lancelot

Sometimes you see these "I'm sober for xxx years!" posts with a great deal of upvotes and congratulatory comments, other times you see these where people are just being wretched. No comprendo, reddito..Either way, congrats. You look healthy and happy and that's all that matters at the end of the day.
I've been sober for practically 22 years. Do I get gold?

It's almost like people are more congratulatory when the sober one is a hot blonde rather than a fat slovenly mess...
Sober yet chubby, casual mess here....can confirm
People tend to be more accepting/congratulatory/compassionate towards attractive people, period.  But I think that a lot of people who understand addiction and have experienced it first or secondhand have compassion for people of all shapes and sizes because it's not just a surface issue, but a more deep rooted one that they can understand and relate to.
Sober, slightly messy and definitely overweight checking in!
Let's consult the Reddit Rules:.Post checks out.
You have it backward.  Reddit hates women posting pictures of themselves. Usually words like attention-whore and bitch get thrown around.  

Wanting to be a good role model for my daughter..Edit: that was my motivation on day one. i have a son now too and being a good mom to both of them is one of the biggest priorities in my life. 
Perfect reason :)))
You done good, mama.

Yeah, my existence got my parents to clean themselves up a lot too(literally and figuratively). Its amazing how much having a kid can change one's life.
Good for you. You look good and healthy. And YOUNG. Sounds like you had a bit of a rough patch in your teens. Anyway, I'm glad you're doing great. Whoever you may be...
My rough patch was not my teens but
Thank you. 

Yeah I don't really care which way the comments go on this. I'm just happy today and wanted to share! A few people out there will vibe with it.
not sober or in shape, but sober enough and in shape enough to vibe with this!
Congrats on kicking the addiction. You have great health and you're a total babe, just saying 
am i the only person that thinks of ladies pleasuring themselves when someone uses vibe in a sentence?

you should be happy! It's refreshing to see the first post on the front page being about recovery. It shows how recovery . possible and achievable and if we work for it, we can have it ourselves. I'm coming up on 4 months, and I already see a huge change in my attitude and personality and everything about me in general. I can only imagine what kind of changes you've seen yourself go through over the last 4 years. Seriously, congrats. Keep up the good work :) 
I'm vibing with it. Yesterday was 21 months heroin/booze/everything free. Life is perfect.
Congrats to you! keep it up and live life to the fullest!.Sorry if you've already answered this, but what are your tattoos?

13 months sober here. It's awesome to see see other people celebrating their birthdays on here. Best wishes to you!
edit: thanks for the gold!
The people who are making childish & immature comments don't understand the struggle of what addiction really does. Fuck 'em! You look great! Keep up the good work!!

Last year my sister died from an overdose..But I don't consider that reddit worthy, because that was a private matter for my family and friends. I wasn't out to get pity from strangers (and don't you dare give me of that "sorry for your loss" crap)..People get mad because . should be for . pictures, not boring pictures with sob stories attached. 

it's not interesting to you. get over yourself.
It's not interesting to you either. It's really not. If you scroll through, saw this titled as "A picture of me!" You'd downvote them. As you should..But add a sob story, and all of the sudden people think the upvote button is a "congratulations!"

Sooo piss on someone's parade because they posted a message on an online message board which you view for free, which you could have ignored, because it should have been in a slightly different part of this website? 
I'm understand your frustration but can't you just pm the mods rather than   get mad and yell on the thread? 
The mods of . have shown they don't give a shit how much karmawhoring and shitty posts get voted to the front page. For fuck's sake a couple days ago someone posted a random picture of a house with a sob story about how after a long struggle they finally own it... and pow front page..Would you upvote a random picture of a house?.The point of this subreddit is the pictures, not stories in the titles with pictures as 'context'. 

I think they mostly don't like these types of posts showing up in .. It's not really what this sub is for. .There are more appropriate subs like . and . . is for pictures that are inherently interesting, not ones that rely on autobiographical context like this one..That said, good job OP. You look great and I'm glad recovery is working for you!

Congratulations. I'm 11 days in now and it's reassuring to see stuff like this.
It starts with one day. Then another. Then another. Keep going! 
My dad almost died from alcoholism.  He has been sober for almost a decade now and lost 100 lbs in the process! You can do it!
Mine is going to die from it. Heartbreaking, but you can't help people who don't want to be helped.
Exactly, You can't. You cant control others, only yourself. Dont feel bad knowing you did what you could. You can't fight someone elses battle alone.
It's really the first year that's toughest. I know it probably seems overwhelming but it's absolutely worth the pain. Keep going bro

Keep it up, man. It gets a little easier every day. 
Keep it up! OP was at day 11 once too!
Every day is a big step. Keep it up!
Congrats!  Remember, one day at a time.
I'm sober too!! Can someone please give me gold? 
Grats on 11 days bro! I'm on 13 myself. Try out the gym! The high I get from lifting is comparable to huffing lol

You can do it! My brother lost years of his 20s to meth. Now he's five years sober, and married to a beautiful and lovely woman with whom he's had two handsome sons. Think about the new future you're building!
You can do it! God bless you, dude.
I am three years sober now. And I assure you: it is worth it..
Keep going and in every hard moment, realize that your future self will thank you for doing it..
There is a good life waiting for you..
EDIT: Thanks for the gold! :)
This means a lot to me. Thanks for your comment.
 .And most importantly.. 
One day at a time.

Congratulations to you, too, then. Eleven days is eleven days! 

eleven days is actually 242 hours
No it isn't

I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO THINK ANYMORE
boobies boobies boobies
I like the way you think.


This is the best GIF in the entire world. 
Mmmm, I like a girl that could accidentally choke me to death... er, I mean...
that's a lot of uniformly shaped penises you got there.
What's the source of that GIF?
Nostalgia Chick

Whoa, my aunt gave me this movie when I was like 7. Never watched it though.
Why is there just a finger in the top right?

I'm really interested if that's what really happens. Do guys just send pics of their dicks to girls on reddit? Is it really that common?

No and Yes. People send lots of dicks, but plenty more of creepy or rude comments.
I doubt many dudes send dick pics, but I do NOT doubt that girls in this situation get a lot of messages from dudes who are spurred in to action by penile response to the visual stimulation. 

It makes absolutely no sense to me. I'd seriously love to hear the legit though process.
Hahah! I saw mine. It was the smallest one.
Well... At least he's honest.

I lie 50% of the time.
Mine is the one with the weird little hook-bend at the end. It's like an embalming tool.
Is it strange to not have any curvature at all? Mine is straight as can be. 

That's actually a huge plus
Really? (no experience)
with a tool like that, it's easier to stimulate a woman's 'g spot'

Yes. You hit the evolutionary jack pot there CptOblivion.
More like a 'J' then a '+'
And not so huge
alcoholism or opiates?.also, your arms intimidate my frail, man-boy body ;(
Ignore this man, OP. Your arms are attractive and not intimidating at all.
You can be on opiates and still be an alcoholic.

Like Cory Monteith?
or amphs
A lot of Alcohol and misc drugs
Not a bad body too! Keep up the great work :)
Keep it up. I will be 10 years cocaine free in September. I'm thinking of going to my local CA meeting (I haven't been at one in ages) just to prove that it is possible to quit and lead a healthy life.

Minus the misc drugs, its still an every other day thing for me. I commend you. 
you look too young to be alcoholic :/. 
Addiction runs in my family, and it's a long hard struggle. Brother has been sober for 4 years and another family member has been sober for 7 months. Day by day. Congrats OP! 
Way to go. You're clean and doing great, and looking great too. I think you're very strong. You will feel better, especially in the long term. Rock on, mate.
I was an opiates dependent (not quite an addict, but close.).It took me a solid two years to get off of it and get in shape. Congratulations to you! I know how tough it is. 

Don't fool yourself man. Good job getting off. But you were addicted. Maybe not as much as someone else, but addiction is addiction; you had downregulation of endorphin production and increased development of mu-o receptor locations.
Yeah, you're probably right. Dropping at least 50 mg of Oxycodone a day for 3 years probably constitutes addiction.
Yeah. Sure does. How in the world could you afford that habit?

I had a good job and was originally prescribed it for a knee injury. I would sort of scam the different doctors in different cities (I was moving around a bit) to get a new prescription and a few refills and I generally could count on having access to about 60 10-gram pills a month, at a minimum. I supplemented this with some money paid to different sources. That worked for about 2 years. .I remember the very day I stopped, too. I went cold turkey; weaning myself off wasn't going to happen. .I remember vividly looking for my pills at work. I only had 4 10-gram tabs left in my bottle in my desk and maybe 10 total at my house. .So I popped the four over the course of two hours or so then went home. It was the weekend and I burned through the remaining very quickly. I woke up Sunday morning and had none..So I went through my trash and got all my empty bottles (probably 2 dozen) and frantically snorted all the dust I could get from each bottle. I was filling a bottle with a tiny bit of water to get the last few particles out...and I looked at myself in the bathroom mirror right as I was about to drink it, and only then did I think: "what the fuck are you doing?".So that was it. I cut ties with my dealers and didn't look back. The first few weeks sucked but I kept at it, and now here I am. .Sorry, long story in answer to a short question. 
Good job getting off, A WILD SLUT APPEARS
Very cool, good job!.BTW posts like these are troll magnets, but from all of us normal people - way to fuckin go.  Life can be so fuckin cool.  I know the escalating feeling of wanting to end the boredom, all the way up to your own life.  It's a monumental thing to break, and any of us that have been through it know how hard it can be.
I would love to have a troll magnet, if it also had regular magnetic properties. Presumably it would stick to the troll and interfere with all their electronic activities.
Well thought out. Very nice
Good job getting off 'em.

Fuck these non-congratulatory comments. Those who do not have a personal connection to chemical dependency cannot relate..Way to go. Cross this to . for a proper felicitation.
I don't have a personal connection to chemical dependency, but I'd never be cruel about someone going through it and always cheer on those who can beat it. Congratulations, OP!  
I can relate and I still don't care. .There was such a thing as getting on with your life and not showcasing your accomplishments for all to see. .Something is wrong with a person if they need constant praise and recognition from complete fucking strangers. I do believe it's called "attention whoring."
felicitation?
I can't remember if I'm actually subbed to r/pics, but if I am I know it's because I want to see interesting pictures...not completely average/unremarkable pictures that just have some story to go with them..As you say, this belongs in r/fitness or some other sub. The mods need to start actually doing something in this subreddit.
Or progress pics. Fuck I hate how abused . is..10 threads a week about people doing their first "insert exercise"..Anyway, Great job OP keep at it, hope to see a update later but on progress pics.
Huh? I've been scrolling for 5 minutes and all I've seen are congratulatory comments.
Huh? I don't get it. So did she loose weight or kick an addiction to something? What does posing with your shirt off have to do with being sober?
It's probably just a picture of her that she feels looks really good (she is not wrong by the way) and if you are going to post a picture of yourself on the internet do you want to post a picture of you where your eyes are shut and you have a double chin cause your head was down? or do you post the one you are proud of? 
It gets karma if you're pretty.

I've never had one but from what I understand it literally screws about with your brain chemistry so it's never as simple and easy as "just quitting".
Correct. Once you get past the hurdle of physiological dependency, you have to work on the psychological issues. 
Pretty much. And as for alcoholics, there is no "just one drink" or "just a beer." It's not a problem with self control, it's actually a psychological problem that impairs your judgment when alcohol is involved. Judging from these comments and the fact that you're getting downvoted, I'm assuming that most of the overly entitled teenagers in this thread don't quite understand that..
It's more than that. You know how you have to eat and drink, and you get a specific feeling, a specific need ingrained in your being, when you have to do it? Imagine your body had a third resource it needed along with food and water, and a third feeling - a third . - for something that you can not live without..That's what it's like.

Pfft I've never had a chemical dependency and I can relate/congratulate. Some people just want to be dicks.  .And that said, this is great to hear OP!
Agreed. I quit smoking three years and it was the best thing I've ever done. Congratulations! I've had alot of people close to me pass away due to alcoholism. You are a strong willed person. 

This month was three years, very hard but worth it.
Edit: thanks for the gold!
Yeah it is hard. Especially because almost everything "fun" for adults seems to revolve around alcohol. Especially in the city where I can't easily go hike or camp or climb or some shit away from "the party". .Still better than the alternative and my past, though. I could never have "just one".

 would love this
I was hoping there was a 
there is:
Found another . 
i like this word


I mean, who doesn't like blowjobs?
That guy whose weiner got burned really bad in a fire?  I don't know -- he was on the news.

Relevant username.
I give quite some auto-felicitation
Nah bro, the word you're thinking of is facilitation, felicitation is when you try to pay cats for sex.
No no no, you're thinking of felixitation, felicitation is bringing out something latent.

I can't relate to OP, but this post is full of the most atrocious comments I've seen in a long time..One particular comment (fortunately acquiring many downvotes and probably a troll) calling OP an attention whoring bitch because people who've always been sober have never reached frontpage on . made me sick. Seriously what the fuck. .What happened to "if you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything'? Some people are proud of turning their lives around. Let them be..Jesus what a farce. Congratulations OP. I'm very happy for you.

What happened to "if you don't have a interesting picture to share, but a story don't post on ." ?
We're too busy being emotional to worry about that stuff.  This IS /r/letsallcongratulateeachother, right?


maybe it should be posted to a more fitting subreddit besides r/pics then.  

World largest dog (or second largest as was pointed out in comments) was posted in WTF..Best thing I ever did was turn off sub flair.  Unless I'm browsing a particular sub, I really don't mind which sub a post is in.  Makes life a little less infuriating. 

What about .? I think it would be a good motivational for them.
Good god. I just spent 10 minutes there. Now I'm depressed...
Here's something funny then: .I found that in . 

I dont know how you came across that sub, but we are clearly against advertisement.. and you know why? look at the comments you innocent mention triggered. We get judged enough in our daily lives and that is why we clearly mention that we do not want link backs to our sub. We are what we are, and if you are a part of us, you will do well not to advertise us anymore. Please.

You're not supposed to link to that subreddit. .It's right in the fuckin rules and no, it won't motivate anyone over there.

Never knew of this subreddit. So they promote and encourage being dependent on alcohol and its negative consequences?  Are there other subreddits for similar purposes like a keepusingheroinitsgreat subreddit or something?
God, just took a quick spin around that sub. If any of the stories are to be believed, they're like real-life troll accounts-- people who constantly make the worst decision possible..What's really amazing about the few posts I read is the oblivious self-righteousness in it all. The mission statement sounds like they're hardcore drunks committed to killing themselves through alcohol, but some of these guys seem to think that they're justified in dragging other people into it, like others owe them something . deserve to be a party to their self-destructive horseshit.
Buddy, take a breath. We're not trying to drag other people down or be self righteous about anything. It's a place for people who've accepted their alcoholism for what it is, and it's basically an open forum for stories, support, musings, whatever. A safe place, I guess.
Honestly, from personal experience, it's not that easy for some of us to make the "right" decisions and choices. I'm pretty intelligent and look back on my life and see how much talent I've wasted. I would do anything to go back and change it, but some of us have a really hard time making proper decisions in the heat of the moment. 


They don't encourage anything. They celebrate alcohol, but are also highly supportive of those who want to improve their lives, kick the habit and go clean.
I see. I read the sidebar, seems that it builds a community around people who have . this kind of lifestyle where you can't take your next breath unless it's followed by a drink. It's not like the . subreddit in the way that they are supportive of those who want to kick it but rather it's like you don't belong in this subreddit unless you have allowed alcohol to consume you entirely and think that that is totally fine.


 is not unlike that, really.

Well, there's . that believes that weed is a miracle drug and doesn't harm you whatsoever and doesn't believe in addiction.

There's a particular kind of alcoholic who defies all rational explanation. I knew a guy who drank himself to death, willfully and purposefully, at the age of 35. He was a fucking genius - an incredibly talented writer and performer, a towering intellect and one of the smartest and funniest people I ever met. His father had drunk himself to death at 40, and he vowed he would beat that by at least 5 years, and he did it. .TL:DR: Alcoholism's a mystery.

well, to be fair, . encourages harm reduction, while . is just a bunch of sorry sods who get drunk and wake up with a sore bum hole every time.
True..true.
They grow?!
Holy shit, their hair grows a bit too.
Sweet ride.
Where's his wife Mrs. Fingerbottom I mean Featherbottom
I was expecting the r/enlightenedbirdmen . Or whatever that subreddit is called. 
Do you guys feed him or does he just come by for the chat?

Loving the shop front, straight out of a fairytale movie.
We fed him a bit of bread initially but he generally just hangs out and chats to us 
I know, we're very lucky to live in such a wonderous place! :-) 
A picture of a seagull. paging 
a picture of a seagul
..how is this a sob story?
Look at those immaculately white feathers! I wanna pet him. :3

Does he caw at 5am and wake up all the neighbors?.Because that's what the seagulls in my neighborhood do.
Yeah he does.. At 5 am, and 4 am, and 3 am and.. You get the picture.
He looks a little uppity to me. Does he have an attitude?
He is a little uppity.. I think he should wear a monocle..
Somebody get this bird a monocle and a top hat. STAT!
We had one of these chaps in Falmouth - when it was learning to fly it got stuck on the netting on our balcony and we helped it out and one day my So gave it a chip (fry for anyone who is confused). It would come visit us quite often but the disconcerting thing was that when it when it was calling to other gulls it would sound like it was saying 'fuck you fuck you' :-)
my girlfriend and me
What a dandy fellow!
Can someone make a flashback gif out of this? 
but instead of shooting him, you named him.
Is that Brighton, UK?
Yep :-) sure is
You live in the Laines?
Fucking love bagelman.
Yeah I do :-) 
They used to deliver to our uni when I was living in Brighton. 
You went to brighton uni?
No, moved here after travelling, just working at the mo
I remember my grandparents telling us that they would feed hotdogs to a crane that would arrive on their doorstep everyday. It would stab it to hell with its beak until it was dead, then eat it.
Isn't nature majestic?
I know, I feel quite humbled in his presence 
Thanks for the wallpaper. im going to ask over on . to get it boosted to 1280 x 900 :D.Or when ever the fuck i get off mobile
Ooh that's a good idea! 
stil mobile D:
terrifyingly majestic.
Wow. This is right next to where my son is buried. Brings back a lot of memories. 
OP, are you an slightly elderly man who took the photo last weekend? I took a similar one standing next to you...
SMASHING!
Yea, you are right. Every single person who clicked on the link saw this.
Jewtastic!
post it to r/pareidolia
That is probably the most baller answer one can give. 
Where is that lady going with that surfboard?
I used to love him at Liverpool
Unfortunately you can't  really become a virgin. You can stay one. 
Sources:
That's nothing...scope . out
Did you climb it, or were you just taking pics?
I just thought it was something of interest to share :)
Do you know how easy it is to climb?
To me, it looks damn near impossible. But . seems to cruise it.
I can't be the only one who looks at things like this and thinks "What if it breaks or falls over??"
The number one reason I wouldn't climb it is because I'm out of shape and it would kill me.  The number two reason is that the entire time, that thought would be running through my head.
Graded 5.12b - I'd say you have to be a pretty committed climber before reaching this level.
.More on climbing grades here:

Thanks for the info
Based on that video, it requires some good climbing skills
Looks like the world hasn't loaded
Did you touch it?
jump on in, i bet it's not toxic at all
I had to scroll in my computer for 7 pages to see this
10/10 would swan dive into. 
Dude I can see photoshopped pictures without having to hike 7 miles.  
Definitely not photoshopped. There are lakes like this all over Indonesia. Several just outside of Jakarta, in the mountains around Bandung. It's a really popular weekend getaway for the city dwellers. . 
isn't this the pool that looks nice to swim in but it'll fuck you up?  And many tourists do so anyways?
the fabric softener probably smells like a giant volcanic fart
There's a limestone quarry where I live that looks like that. The limestone makes it caustic so nothing can live there... It's more green than that though an you can swim in it.
why didn't you just click the link?
I came to Reddit so I wouldn't have hike 7 miles in Indonesia to look at cool lake.
What is that? :o
could you swim in that?
Disappointing someone poured Mylanta into it to stop indigestion.
Saw this and was immediately reminded of 
No you didn't.  You are a big fat phoney..NINJA EDIT: OP reposted own submission.  Does that make OP a double-fag?.Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
I can smell the sulfur like i was there
I believe so, but there are many lakes like this in Indonesia. This one happens to be full of sulphur. 
6km is 3.7 miles
Sure u did
Swim. Swim with your dick in it.
Who painted the perfectly level flooring blue?
Congrats!  U found the worlds Mylanta supply!
Wow, you walked seven miles to a volcano, and you didn't even get to see lava? Man, that must've sucked.
Looks like a crater filled with toothpaste.
Found this place in Google Maps!
That cloud is like, pssh, I'm only gonna half be here and block your view.
was it worth it?
And now you have to hike all the way back down. Will you send us a picture when you get there too?
Thank goodness you found a lake to cool down after your strenuous hike!
Holy shit, a dead tree! Damn bro, nice find.
where is this?  my cousin who's been trying for years to convince me that she went to the beach on the mountain...and now i see!
This is Gunung Merapi in East Java, but I don't think your cousin would have wanted to swim here. The water is highly acidic. 
Ah definitely not!  Ah that explains the opaque waters perhaps. 
That looks like straight up toothpaste.
Not worth it
what a lousy volcano 
Put...Put your dick in it...
Fun fact: This used to be a super volcano like Yellow Stone
looks like fluoride.
Blue Lagoon?
james bond volcano?
Bummer. What are the odds.
thanks for doing all the work for us man 
that looks incredibly toxic.
So hot he swims in it and dies :(
That's the opposite of what a volcano is supposed to be.
Well did you swim in it? 
This is part of the Ijen system.  ..  We went up at night and then into the crater.  Gas mask territory..The bright spot closest to the lake is blue flame shooting out of a fumerole.  The bright spots near it are miner headlamps.  There are miners in the crater 24 hours, slowly but surely destroying their lungs with sulphur dioxide to make about $USD4-8 per day.
They are some gorgeous pictures. How long did you spend around Ijen and Merapi?
Thanks!  We were in Yogyakarta for 2 nights and Banyuwangi for 2 nights as well.  We saw enough of Merapi to be perturbed by it.  Would be an amazing climb.  May end up doing it one day.  Ijen was a bit gruelling because we had come from Bromo that day ... up for dawn at Bromo, drove all day to Banyuwangi, had some dinner, went to bed, up at 12am to drive to the Ijen crater, then the hike up the mountain in the dark.  By the time we were going into the crater it was around 3am and I was pretty shattered.  Still amazing though.  I want to go back and do Ijen again as a dedicated photographic trip.
Not that this makes their working conditions any better, but $4 a day is pretty much the average salary in Indonesia and $8 per day would be considered 'good' -- especially out in the villages, where the cost of living is lower. 
mmm chemical stew
Any concerns beforehand about sulphur (or other heavy gasses) displacing oxygen? I certainly wouldn't go nearer to the water without checking first..Source: knew a guy who died due to displaced oxygen in a culvert (the water was a funny color too), and his buddy who got brain damage trying to rescue him.
There's lots of miners who spend there lives trekking up, mining away the sulphur and hauling it back and they do develop respiratory conditions, but I don't believe it would be a major issue to a tourist unless they were already sensitive to changes in air content. 
Damn those places really amaze me, i really hope someday i'll have the time and money to check some of them out
It looks like paint O.o
I wanna pull left trigger till it's all slurped up./From Dust
I've seen this from the air. About 24 hours earlier I saw Crater Lake (Oregon) from the air as well. It was quite amazing how different, but how similar these are.
why is is so opaque? 
It's filled with sulphur which is that milky blue in the water, bright yellow when solid, and red when molten. 
Smells like egg farts.
Is that in Flores? If so, I have a picture of the three abutting volcanic lakes that are each a different color. Trying to find it...
Not OP, I'm an Indonesian student. This is Gunung Merapi in East Java, of the same name as the mountain near . Yogyakarta, but not it. I think the lakes you're talking about surround Gunung Kelimutu. I'd love to see that picture if you could find it. 
Oh nice. I've been around there. I have several friends who live in Yogya..And yep, I was referring to Gunung Merapi. I can't find my pictures of it (I think they're on a CD packed away), but here's a few links that look exactly like my pictures:.

Try gunung ijen, but yes gunung merapi is part of the same complex.
Hot or caustic? Can you get in the water?
Caustic, the mountains are full of sulphur and stink to high hell. There is a big mining operation there for the chunks of sulphur, but it's terribly bad for your respiratory system and the workers earn less than fifteen dollars a day for the manual labour. 
I love the smell of sulphur. 
Far less than $15 per day -- that's a white collar wage for a college grad here. They're probably earning between $4-$6 per day. 
I can't stand it. Have you ever had sulphur-y water? It's awful
A crater full of toothpaste?
Textures failed to load on this map
At least now you can jump down.
Dangerous place because of all the gases. Even if it's non-toxic like CO2, it can still kill you.
I don't think it can directly kill you, but the miners develop severe respiratory conditions that could contribute to death in later life. 
I just remember a whole village in Africa was wiped out be cause a volcano burped a huge CO2 cloud and people were asphyxiated.
If you American/Canadian Redditors want to see something similar in-person, but not have to travel to Indonesia, then you should check out Crater Lake, Oregon.  Beautiful place. 
take a drink
I guess today is "I hiked  number of miles to see beautiful water" day on reddit. .I feel lazy... and alarmingly dry.
Well, you get right back down again young man/woman.
Looks like a hole in a video game map.
Looks like the crater didn't render fully.  Are you using Nvidia or AMD graphics in your reality?
Intel..:(
Is that at Kelimutu? 
If so do you have a picture of the other lakes? 
This isn't Kelimutu, this is Merapi in East Java. Someone else mentioned Gunung Kelimutu though. 
It's not Merapi, it's .edit: Ah, nevermind, I just saw that there are two Merapis on Java. Confusing. I think Kawah Ijen is the more commonplace name for this particular set of colored lakes, though.
I watched a documentary on it that referred only to the specific mountain, so that's why I phrased it like that. Today I learned :)
Is that the lake the insane vulcanologists rafted on? skjuvatn?  It went from water to sulfuric acid seconds after they got out. They got to close to Mt Unzen, I ..
No this is a sulphur lake at Gunung Merapi in east Java, Indonesia. I wouldn't suggest rafting on it though, pH was measured at 0.5 a few years ago because of the sulphuric acid in the water. 
Aunt Beru & Uncle Owen didn't get fried by Stormtroopers. They were caught skimming credits from the Hutts blue milk smuggling ring laundered through the moisture farm. How the hell else would they be able to afford an R2 unit to tinker on old vaporators?
Why is the sky in there?
Can you swim in it?
It smells like shit mixed with feet and rotten milk. Also poisonous!
worth.
A crater full of toothpaste?
Sounds like one hell of a maarch. 
It's like looking at my mother-in-laws house.
Lombok?
Gunung Merapi, East Java I believe. 
Merapi doesn't have a Lake at the top. Source ... I climbed it twice. I'd guess this is keli mutu on flores which has 3 different colored lakes
Did you climb Merapi in East Java (Ijen) or Central (Yogya)? There are two Gunung Merapi in Java, but I might still be wrong. 
Oh fair enough I didn't know that. I climbed the very active one in central Java. I used to live in semarang. Thanks, today I learned.
Da!
I went to the Dieng Plateau earlier this year in central Java and, great Odin's raven, the smell of the sulfur made me want to just give up on smelling in general for life right there and then!
Would you have any pictures of that? I'm an Indonesian student but have never had the chance to go and that sounds amazing. 
Went to Dieng Plateau during my Backpacking trip as well... It was not on my intitial route, I just decided to follow someone I just met. Quite the adventure to get there but man... Hands down one of the most magic place I've ever been..When people ask me where was the best place I've been in my 9 month trip, I usually tell them about this little gem called Dieng Plateau. .Amazing place really..Here's one of the pic:
. 
Here's me drowning in stench and also a helpful warning sign. 
It really is spectacular. And cold too -- at least for Indonesia. Our maid is from Dieng and we went to visit her village a few years back. She kept telling us it would be cold in her hometown and we were like, "Whatevaaaaa..." And damned if she wasn't right -- it's (relatively) cold there!
Thank you for posting this so I don't have to fly to Indonesia and have to hike 7 miles up a volcano to see it.
Finally they've discovered the source of the "blue milk" from star wars...
so that's where shamrock shakes come from.

First time I've seen it.
Throw a boulder in, create a sulfur tidal wave
Dat smell 
Put your.. put your body in it.
Assumed instructions too soon, dick now mutated.
this is hilarious why does it have downvotes
Does anyone know why the water is this color?
Thanks for taking the time to look through my submissions! 
It was worth posting twice.  thanks for sharing.
So the water texture failed to load?

Yep!  It's basically because of sulfur spilling into the water.  . an amazing article about the mining operation there.
So I'm guessing you didn't go for a swim then?
Feels sad reading that someone has to basically muscle all that sulfur out of there. The amount of sulfur in their eyes, nose, mouth, throat and on their bodies is just hard to imagine... Add to it, that smell...
Awesome! thanks!
You would not wanna swim in that guff.
I HIKED 7 MILES. AND I AM GOING TO COOL AHHHHHHHHHHFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFLUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKHEEEEEEELPNALGHGHURUGUGURURLLLGLLURUGLLE
Interesting way of putting the inevitable fate of yourself in a bath of sulphuric acid.
If I were to commit suicide, this would be my method.  I know Carlin would approve.  Bonus points for the high jump.
You're telling me that beautiful lake is actually a boiling, stinking cauldron of sulphuric acid?.Shit.
Isn't it pretty?
Swan dive man, gotta do it.
I recognize that color from some very sulfuric hot springs I've been to.  Upon seeing the image i swear i could actually smell rotten eggs.
I just flew over that volcano 2 weeks ago.  Lucky you, cool hike.
What's the temperature of that water?
Sulfur? I bet that hike really STUNK then, huh?
When I went down to the lake our guide made us ware face masks
When I was young I hiked up a few volcanoes in Java. They stunk. You'd pass by a hole in the rocks and the full force of the sulfur would hit you. Of course, then I'd scrounge around for any yellowish rocks to light on fire. That stunk, too!
Your farts contain sulfur dioxide, so I'd imagine it smells like shit.
If you want to smell what sulfur smells like, crack open a few eggs into a tupperware container, seal it up, and put it outside just as the sun is peaking over the horizon on a Summer day. Make sure the container is out somewhere that it can get as much exposure to the sun as possible. At the end of the day day, open it up and take a mighty whiff of your concoction..Afterwards, you'll wish it smelled like your farts.
Yesterday i cracked open a slightly out of date egg that's been sitting in the UK heat wave for 2 weeks, it was black inside, worst smell I have ever experienced.
Looks almost like the place from "You Only Live Twice".
Came here to say this.  Such a great movie.  Spies and ninja's and personal helicopters?  Sign me up.
Yessh. I'll call M.
That was my first thought as well. TIL that volcano from "You Only Live Twice" was a $1M construction..Edit: .)
$1M in 1967..Who knows what they'd spend today?
About $10,000 worth of CGI these days.

So THAT'S where all the fabric softener went!
Snuggle is actually some demon spawn which rose from this pit in the 13th century.
are you referring to post about certain low income folks who steal tide then trade it for crack?  ....if not, you might like to 
wtf... why?
The article's headline says why.
I get that, but I don't get . Tide is a viable alternative for crack...?
It's ideal as a currency. It's the same in every country, it can be transported in large amounts across borders without arousing suspicion, and it is a necessity that people can sell for money if needed.
I don't know about "ideal" as a currency. It's rather bulky and conspicuous. But the points about it being the same across borders and easy to transport are very true.
They do the same thing with baby formula
they resell it at flea markets for cheap (it's like $30 a jug in stores)
as a color blind individual, is this turquoise or grey?
Downvote for you idiot 
i'm color blind and i'm surprised that you even know what turquoise is
Because we learn to differentiate shades...when we can't tell if the colour is blue or grey/greeny the response in previous encounters are usually "that's turqouise, are you colourblind or something!", therefore making the 'not blue or grey/green' turqoise..source - i'm colourblind
I love how people seem to think people who're colourblind are just now discovering it.
Yes.
It's a milky turquoise color my friend. 
It's nigger color you fat cunt
lol
Fuck you niggers trevon was innocent and shouldn't be behind bars
Well I thought that was kind of funny
it's red.
I fucking knew it.
Turquoise, but like a milky turquoise
Like somebody dumped hundreds of gallons of milk into the Caribbean Sea. 
Yes! 

Strangely relevant username... 
Looks like a lake full of paint to me.
that's dumb
I'm impressed with how long it took you. I cracked that baby when I was 14.
A couple years ago I cashed in a wad of old obsolete Canadian two dollar bills. I then used that money to buy a case of beer. 
how I realized I was addicted to drugs
I did this with my collection of sequential two dollar bills. I was a sad bro.
Bitch please, my lunch today was Ritz crackers with Tapatio hot sauce. You look like you have enough there to eat like a motherfucking KING at TacoBell. 
Worse is getting the gold plated versions of the state quarters the Franklin Mint type people sold. I have two of them now no machine or person will take. They were right when they said they weren't guaranteed to go up in value. They aren't even worth 25 cents anymore. Always check your change before leaving the register. My Canadian and gold plated coin collection has grown way too large from not paying attention.
If you want to save a bunch of money, you can try urban foraging for food. Depending on your luck/where you live you could eat entirely from unwanted, but still good, food.
Now you can take the quarters and buy a 12 pack of beer.
What do you got against MN??
Hope you are master of your domain, because that is a beautiful hand you have there.
When you need smokes, you do anything.
OP could get more than face value for the set on ebay.
You would've probably made more by selling the map as a whole.
Alright, we were just trying to keep it light in here, but now...

I have that same poster. My grandpa and I collected the quarters. At the time of his passing we only needed like three more quarters. Every time I stare at the poster, I break down, and I don't think I'll ever finish it. 
I'll give you $8 dollars for that board with all the quarters.
I love that typeface on the map: nice and sloppy, just perfect for kids..When . was younger, I indulged in the classy design of Trivial PursuitGenus Edition, of course. 
Can still afford a smartphone.
Or that you were hanging 12.50 on your wall...
Or maybe you realized that keeping currency that is still circulating is ridiculous. 
I paid for $7 of gas in mostly dimes and nickels to get to work one day. I lied and said my debit card had been stolen because I didn't want to admit to some random gas station cashier that I was that broke.
Was trying to think something clever to say about 12.50, then looked at my clock. Mind= Blown!
nooo not the quarter collection! it's sacred!
Are those old pennies made out of silver? If so, sell them.
Did this once so I could afford gas to get to work. Should have seen the look on my Dad's face when he opened the board to add a new quarter..
There is no way the the quarters individually are worth more than the set as a whole
Laundry day?
Go sell Georgia. .Of course, you then have to have the awkward conversation of, "I give you a quarter, you give me $1.30. It all works out..."
I've been there bro! 
Why you gotta be ripping Minnesota?
Congrats, you now have $12.50. Don't spend it all in one place...
As someone who has the same map, this makes me sad
Haha there is one of those map above my head right now.
Grandma's going to be disappointed.  
Third World Problems, kid who isn't starving, has fresh water, roof over head, with cell phone and internet service considers himself broke.

$12.50 can buy you a lot of things, I'm sure its better than having that thing collect dust. 
Got myself a $50 savings bond from Girl Scouts that is over 15 years old. I'm almost to the point where I finally gotta cash that shit and it's not even fully matured. I feel your pain, fellow mcbrokeskees 
You have a phone with a camera on it, access to the internet, the lights are on in your home- you're not too broke.
Been there done that. My bf and I are so broke we play poker for beer tabs. That's our date night. 
That will make your grandma so goddamn sad.
Out of weed.* 
FTFY
can still afford an internet connection. 
The twist is the coins actually belong to the neighbour kid next door.
Holy shit I just realised I am sitting on a gold mine. We have 3 of them.
or just $37.50
GOLD MINE
Well as someone who is unemployed, that is a gold mine
...JERRY! 
Look at the Wisconsin one carefully.  There's a defect that can worth quite a bit of money.  
really? how much we talkin?
$250 to $300
damn
I originally made an origami heart out of a twenty dollar bill and a quarter to see if I could origami and I wanted to give it to my girlfriend. After making it successfully, I figured I should tear it apart since, after all, it was $20.25. Three years later I've never spent it as it's turned into a sentimental indicator for myself - only when I'm truly in deep shit will I be tempted to tear it up for $20.25.
I just wanted to thank all you bleeding hearts out there that insist I am not broke. Because of you, I will now take Reddit much more seriously. 
I spent my childhood collecting these with my grandpa. They released 5 a year and gramps was always on top of getting me the latest one. It makes me sad that many of you had to rip yours apart :( I hope you fall upon better times!
You must be very young because those coins were getting released until fairly recently (from 1999 to 2008).
It's summer, reddit is young. 
Hmm, guess it was my teens then, which is blending with my childhood.  I'm in my twenties. 
I can never do this to mine. My grandmother died mid-way through the releases and my grandpa finished it up without telling us until we were gifted them.
OP is a quarter american
"Americanize this, my good man!"."Okay."."All those coins were worth three lousy cents?!"."Let the good times roll."
You could probably sell the collection for more that its worth if you try
Being a count collector, you could have probably sold it for more then what the coins are worth! 
Its okay, it was just Minnesota 
I use to be addicted to collecting Yu-Gi-Oh cards in 6th grade and would spend all the money I got on those booster packs. It got so bad that I resorted to finding loose change and buying it with that. Eventually I ran out of loose change and had something similar to this, but it was in a glass (or plastic I forgot) holder. It was ridiculously hard to get them out so I thought it'd be a smart idea to use a hammer to "hammer" it out. It broke and I cut my hand badly. $4 in quarters was not worth the amount spent for stitches. I gave up Yu-Gi-Oh after that.
If you had quarters in a plastic case, they were probably .. Worth way more than face value. Like, right now I think 20x more. .edit: linked to actually silver proofs.
I have the same exact quarter board. Took all my quarters out recently too. Not to spend; I was moving and didn't want to schlepp a big piece of cardboard. 
Why don't you guys get jobs?
HEY this just reminded me that I have one of these somewhere! Time to dig it out and collect the quarters. I guess those stupid maps did come in useful after all.
My grandma spent years collecting quarters for mine. I would feel horrible if I did that!
Is it really worth the 12.50?
did fucking everyone get one of these when they were kids? 
I have that same poster!
I've done it, my friends have done it, people on reddit have done it.All signs point to everyone doing it.
sure, but you have internet, nice phone you took this photo... bullshit
I did this for the ding ding man. My mom was mad. :(
ding ding man?
The ice cream man to some.
That was my best guess, but I've never heard them called that before. Thanks.
I just did the same thing yesterday...
With the book.  >.<

Or you realize that thing is lame and takes up a lot of space an should be thrown away.
Eh, those quarters will never be worth more than 25 anyways.
We've all been there.
I just did this, too. I realized those coins aren't valuable beyond 25 cents and cashed them all...I had a lot of quarters saved
[deleted]
What does having an iphone, have to do with being broke?
I've read a lot of posts that think it's awful if someone complains about being poor while owning an iphone.  Which makes no sense to me.  I got my iphone (4S, reconditioned) for 99 cents when I switched carriers.  My new plan is 25 bucks a month cheaper than what I used to pay with my Droid 2.  And now I have my very own Amelia Bedelia-like personal phone assistant.
Not to mention the person was not necessarily poor at the time they bought it.
I'm guessing: Selling it?.Or go to the Pawn store with it.
i used to steal the quarters from the map for icecream day in elementary school... 
I have that same quarter-board-thingy-ma-bob. 
You should've sold it as a set. Not the same (but I'm sure you could've got more thatn $12.50):
Is 12.50 really worth it?
Coin collectors gotta eat
Been there, my friend.
Holy balls, I thought I was the only one.
20 bucks says its for a dime bag
I had a map just like that when I was a kid with the east coast filled out. Then one day I got home after school and found it empty!!! turned out that my dad  took it to pay the toll that morning... :'(
I did that a few months ago during the spring semester for college.  I needed to pay a parking meter while I was at work.  Unfortunately for me, I used up my entire quarter collection which included more than 200 pre-1965 quarters that I inherited from my grandfather and father.
I had the same quarter map as a child.... mine was emptied before i had 20 states. 
I was awoken to how lazy I am when I used a stamp from my childhood collection rather got to the shop to get one
Been, there too man. I remember when I was in college, I used a $2 bill to get gas. All I had :(
I did the same a while back. As they introduced the Euro back in 2001 (or something) they promoted it heavily. Those collection things were everywhere (because for all the non-EU-people: Every EU country has their own backside on all the coins). Nowadays the coins are so mixed-up no one cares anymore and since I needed the money I disassembled mine as well.
I'm reminded of when Billy Bob ate all of the kid's advent calendar candy in "Bad Santa." You sonofa.
Well this ruined my day
I've done much the same thing with my coin collection, which is why it hasn't grown in size or scope or even kept up with the new additions in recent years. I have at least avoided taking from the core of it, which my late grandfather helped me build (and rebuild after I let it get stolen - 'let' is the word for it)
Twist: OP is quarter board.
Maybe you should play more MMO and browse Reddit as a way to solve your problems? I mean it's working so far. 
There is always money in the quarter map...
Been there. 
I did this a few weeks ago. College, man.
Ive had to use my Canadian Provinces map, at least you can harvest 50 quarters, I only got 13.
As someone who is collecting state quarters, I just cringed. I'm in desperate need of one of those displays XD
Hey that's a whole $12.50!
[deleted]
lol wut
or addicted to drugs.
once ebay takes all of their fees this is unlikely.
Actually no it is not unlikely. Fees for a $19.99 auction with $3 shipping would be $2.30. So seller gets $17.69, $5.19 more than face value. 
You're a good citizen, injecting that money back into circulation within the US economy!
No penny has ever been made out of silver in the United States.
What about these? 
Those are steel.
Cant buy groceries, water was cut off, cant pay the rent and doesnt have a phone or internet,..guess what,.
ive been there.   
Remember when people collected this stuff? HA. beanie babies.
Is that comic sans on the collector board? Burn it! 
Down vote.  This is the land of opportunity.  I was clearing land at age 12.  GO GET A JOB.!!
And if you have job, go get another one.  Im working 3 and a small business owner.  Or better yet find a niche and start a business..!!!
Stop crying like a little Liberal bitch.
Dude, check the dates...they could be silver and worth a
Any interest?
You seem interested.
I think your broke because of what your gonna spend it on
You could have sell the whole thing as a collection for better price.
I had to do that for bus fare a while back.
You got something against Minnesota, huh?
When I was a kid, my best friend moved to Minnesota.
Hmm. .Maybe I know your best friend :o
Nothing. But there's like nothing special about it either. It's just kinda there.
Kansas and Nebraska are better?
As a Kansan: no.
We're almost sorry.
According to redditors, all you need is a 'half-decent job' (their words, not mine) and you can afford a Tesla! .What's wrong with 
Hah, maybe if someone else is paying your rent 
Nope broke out the ol' $1400 macro lens since this post was in the name of art.
But if you just hold out 50 more years they might finally be worth something! 
The state quarter program is by far the most successful coin series in US history. The govt made millions from people collecting these sets. Its like getting millions of $12.50 loans. ($25 if you collect the P and D series)..Unless you have an uncirculated/proof/silver set, it will almost definitely never be worth more than face value. In fact, it will probably lose value over time due to inflation.
Ok change of plans, don't hold. Sell, sell, sell! 
Probably a few lifetimes, and only because of people like OP losing/spending them.
If something is a collector's item the moment it's made, it's not going to be worth shit.
Damn, 50 quarters? who . how much that could be worth!?
Selling it as a set will probably net him more money.
1250 pennies. Or a 125 Dimes if you prefer them.
How many slips of latinum is that?
Two and a fourth of 10 table spoons. 
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a dime.
MICKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEY!
I did this to buy weed a few years back in my darker days, after my mom had spent months/years helping me fill the book :(.One of my bigger regrets
You need help? How can I reach you?
Unless you've found a way to give him karma, you don't have what he's after.
Pizza

The worst part is you paid a drug dealer in quarters.
First off what makes you think a drug dealer takes quarters...?.Second why would it be a bad thing if he did?.Third why the hell would it be the WORST thing!?
Drug dealers don't usually take quarters. That was kinda my point. Unless you're buying like $5 of your product of choice, you're being silly.
Obviously I exchanged the quarters for paper cash before buying the pot. If you couldn't figure that out your retarded, if you could your a silly asshole for insinuating otherwise..Non sequitur jokes like yours drive me bananas I'm trying to have a serious discussion here. Maybe reddit is not the place.
Offensiveness of the word "retarded" aside... lol.
Try having an identity sometime.
I think he is still in his darker days...
Hey, pushers gotta do laundry too.
Wait till you have kids, and start taking from their piggybanks to do the laundry. 
Solution: Don't have kids.
Or don't have kids and you won't be broke in the first place.
They just take all my money.
Did my mom do this? I have to know?
I dunno do you have to know?
My mom did, except she took the entire piggy bank. 
My mom would take my birthday money my grandparents/aunts/uncles would give me (usually a total amount of $20-50) then say, "I'm going to buy some toys for you with it!". I was all for it since I couldn't just go to the store myself. She'd come back with like, two $1 action figures from the dollar store and try to make it seem like all my money went towards it.
Sorry but your mother is a fucking bitch.
that is possible, but not necessarily the case. it could have been spent on booze and slot machines, or it could have been spent on food and clothing. she may have been too proud to ask for hand-outs from her family even though she needed it. or she could have been a meth addict. without more information let's not jump to any conclusions.
But I already got out the mat...
So it's better for the kid to waste $50 on toys/candy than for the mother to spend it on food or school fees?
Shame on you, how dare you bring logic and empathy here!
Se probably spent that money for the good of the family, you'll understand one day when you grow up and have kids what it's like.
I remember us being super broke and buying my family dinner (pizza) with my birthday money. I was 7 or 8 at the time
She bought cigarettes and mountain dew with it.
Then she is a fucking bitch.
Yes.
I'm Ron Burgundy?
My mom just took her kid's social security numbers and got credit cards, then pleaded her way out when they threatened to take her to court <_<
Did she do it to you? And was said childrens' credit affected? 
She did it to me. But she paid mine off completely after I threatened her, and luckily didn't miss any payments before I found out she was using my credit. My sister wasn't so lucky, hers still have a pretty large balance <_<
My parents took all of my presents and baby bonus money, and invested it. They paid my college with it..Just thought I would share that story, because all of the ones below are fucking depressing.
Man, if only....
What is baby bonus money?
Yours is a little depressing as well. Did you never get to keep any of your toys to play with? ): kids gotta be kids man...
Hah nice, but I meant cash presents. They did also purchase me gifts with their own money.
In Canada the government pays a . to all parents with income below some stupid high amount. It's because we don't have enough babies in Canada. It's commonly referred to as the baby bonus.
This
Not sure where OP lives, but in countries like Finland, the govt will give new mothers a free kit of diapers, bottles, formula, etc. Stuff to baby-proof your place. Everything you need to have a kid. .If you don't want it, or if you'd rather buy it yourself, you can elect to get the cash equivalent instead. I think it works out to a couple grand USD.
Isn't all education free in finland?

having lots of kids will never result in profit unless you send them all to work and take the money...hmm...
Step #3 was getting rid of the kids shhhh....
hey that's $12.50, or like 3 gallons of gas!
That's decent food for a week.
Or milk, bread, butter, cheese, and eggs.
Solution: Stop investing savings in zero-return cardboard cut outs. Start investing savings in bank or stock market. 
Well the return on 12.50 is about $0.62 at a 5 percent return annually and the cost for your acct will be 15 bucks a month so a net return of (166.88); genius! I'm not even sure why people are giving your condescending comment up votes, unless you were being sarcastic.  
Gold and silver is better.
LOL
Invest in bitcoins or gold, because the US dollar is going to shit.
If you're a dumbass. It's good now, I just don't want to invest in something that will completely crash forever eventually.
It will never "completely crash forever".  First of all, people will always want jewelry and other ornaments made out of it, which gives it value.  Second, the world bankers, royal families, the very wealthy, invest their money in gold.  Gold is real money and has been for thousands and thousands of years.  In 1950, you could buy a brand new, nice business suit for 1 oz of gold.  Today, you can still buy a brand new, nice business suit for 1 oz of gold.  In 1950, a suit cost no more than around $130.  Today, that suit costs $1600-$1800.  So, if you had put your $130 in the bank in 1950, today it would have a net worth of about $800 after accounting for taxes, inflation, etc. The oz of gold that I paid $130 for in 1950 is now worth $1600-$1800. Gold is real money and it is how you . wealth.  It is a hedge against taxes and inflation; gold is not meant to . money. Gold is meant to . money.  .Now go try to buy a nice suit for $130.
I thought gold was the structure of economy? If cash fails we go to it, right? 
It used to be, now very few currencies are backed by anything, so we can switch to any arbitrary high-value substance in the event of a complete economic failure. But someday, perhaps hundreds of years from now, there will be an influx of precious metals bigger than was ever on the earth and that will decimate the precious metal market.
Dunno about you, but I'm gonna start saving my bottle caps. 
All of this assumes it remains relatively scarce, I am saying that when humans eventually gain the ability to mine in space, that will no longer be the case. All gold on earth has come from meteors, it's safe to assume there are still meteors with plenty of gold out there, it's just a matter of finding and harvesting it.
So how many millions of dollars have you made with your startling insight?
I have ~$4000 dollars in my savings account and generated .03 cents interest for the last quarter. I can probably retire now. 
Where are you banking? I made $0.08 interest just last month on my savings account and had way less than $4000 in there.
Better than me. I have 4000 dollars in my Commemorative Quarters Board and I got 0 interest. :(
I guarantee you, there are better investment options than that.  If you have no idea where to start, call up your local branch and schedule a meeting with someone there to talk about investment savings or something.  Just have an idea how much money you can set aside, what you plan to do with it and when you plan to spend it.  There's a lot of options, even if you plan to spend the money short term, that will reliably yield much better results.
If you invested it in Vanguard's Total Stock Market fund on Jan 1, 2013. You'd have $4,800 right now.
Woo hoo..a whole 100 per month for having zero access to my 4k. Yay..(When we all know the bank made interest off of loaning 12k worth of cash. 8k of which they never actually had. Fractional reserve banking and all that.)
_.You can sell stock/withdraw your money at anytime, without penalty..Seriously, 
Well, if it was a Roth IRA.  If he was just regularly invested he'd probably have to pay a proportional amount of tax.  Of course, if he holds onto that for a whole year, then it's a long term capital gain, and he can pay that wimpy 20% tax rate.
Well ya but not if you want that $800.
I'm to lazy to do the math myself, how much percentage does that come to?
In the stock market, that would have gone up by about $100 (from April through June) (June was a down month).
Take that $4000 to the nearest casino and place it all on black. ( roulette ).You are welcome
It's actually a pretty good idea! Just make sure to make a save game right before the spin! You know, just in case you have to reload.
Wells Fargo of course. I had to open an account there for school loans etc, and as you can see, I am reaping the rewards. 
Close that shit out and get on the $.08/month money train!
Imagine the lentils. 
No! Seize the moment - compound interest! Imagine what you'll make on $4000.03.
At this rate you may as well call me Mr. Gates. 
Baby, with that kind of money, I'll call you whatever you want.
. . . aaaand its gone.
Average return YTD is 20.69%. The economy is doing ridiculously well right now.
The stock market is not an indication of how the economy is doing.
stock market != economy
And now we'll just wait for it to trickle down.
The minimum investment in the Vanguard 500 (VFINX) is $3k.  If you had invested $3k on December 31st, you'd have about $3500 now..Not that everyone has $3k lying around to invest, but it's hardly only the 1% who is benefiting.
Aaaaaany second now. 
Ignorant. Most stocks are held by the working class..Second, had he invested his $12.5 in something like the Vanguard Total Stock Market Fund, he'd have $15. Excluding dividends..It all about time in market, proper budgeting, and saving. Everyone can build wealth..Check out . 

Most stocks are NOT owned by the working class. That is disinformation plain and simple. 
This makes sense coming from a copper addict. 
$140,000 is not working class.
... my wife and I come pretty close to $140k after benefits (take home is closer to $100k).  She is a nurse and I work for the labor union. If that is not working class I don't know what is. And we invest in the stock market. .If you spend your money on smart phones, cable tv packages, new cars, have kids you can't afford, buy more house than you can afford, ect you have no business complaining about people having more money that you. .Being frugal so you have money for retirement doesn't make you not working class. If you're working at McDonalds and complaining about your wages; you're doing it wrong. .EDIT: This comment is not really directed at you whattothewhonow. 
I agree with most of what you have to say, but I am of the opinion that its less important about whether or not top 10% is working class or not and more important that the other 90% of the population does not have the residual income left over each month to invest and build themselves a better future. I don't work at Wal-Mart or McDonalds, I'm actually doing fairly well, but I do complain that those people that do work those jobs are not being paid enough..I'm sure there are a lot of people out there that are guilty of being financially wasteful or irresponsible with their reproduction, or whatever, but I think it is much more common that people are living as frugal as they can and still only just getting by paycheck to paycheck, paying rent rather than accumulating equity in a home, and saving very little for retirement. I think the top 10% owning 80-90% of investments is more of a symptom of a broken system and less of a cause for it. There needs to be more science in economics and less politics.
Yeah. But think about it. How many of these people have cell phones? Cable tv? Newer cars? Kids? If my wife and I partake in all of those things we'd barely be making ends meat on $100k. We work hard for what we have. We don't complain because others have more. 
No, $100k is not "working class."
A combined income of 100k is definitely working class. 
Because my wife and I working long hours makes us upper crust? That's a laugh. 


You seem like fun at parties.
You seem like you don't go to parties.
summerkids

Why do you have to deface Minnesota like that? We did nothing wrong to you.
That was my first thought too, leave the Minnesota quarter alone! 
Nice name, go Vikings..
your quarters are minnesota nice
To be fair, your state quarter sucks and is one of the ones I'd least like to save. 
you're state quarter is 
Take it back motherfucker. 
There is actually a relatively common error on a few Minnesota quarters that is worth hundreds if you find it.
But it has a loon on it! Isn't that just loony!? Heh.... i'll um, i'll just show my self out.
The Canadian $1 coin has a loon on it and is called a loonie. An entire country beat you to that joke

Quack... quack.. quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, GOOOOOO DUCKS!
Generate interest on the $4000 and not on your last quarter.
This is probably one of my favorite comments ever.
log_asm said ".03 cents interest for the last quarter". Taking your pun, that'd be 0.12% interest, so a total of $4.80 on the whole shebang..
I understood that reference!
you messed up your notation
You're not truly broke until you shoplift ramen 
Yeah, just foolish

or tooth paste.
Or toothpaste-flavored ramen.
Ramen flavored toothpaste.
tooth flavored ramenpaste
Flavor-pasted ramentooth.


[deleted]
"Damn it feels good to be a gangsta"
What is wrong with it?
Basmati . the ballerest of rices.
you're not actually rice
#shitsfired
I hear ya. I'm about to start grad school and will probably have to give plasma this week. Things are not going as planned. 

Can gay people donate plasma? I know I can't give blood, but what about plasma?
No. I was going through the process for about 4 hours, urine and blood samples, until they started asking questions about my sexuality, tatoos, and the such. I'm straight, but I was born in Turkey during a mad cow disease epidemic and they denied me. I really wish they would do the questions first.
I'm partway through grad school and wasn't able to find a job this summer. I definitely feel you on the "things are not going as planned" thing. I already used all my change though...
Part of my reason for going to grad school was to defer my loans because I couldn't find a job. 
I read grad school as grade school. Still surprisingly relevant.
In other news I just bought a 55 inch plasma.
ahhhhhhhhhh because plasma
It weirds me out that Americans get paid to do this. Can't decide whether its a good or bad thing
Yeah I have donated for free in England. First time they wouldn't let me donate because I fainted (yeah, slightly embarrassing) but I have donated successfully 3 times since.
They can't legally pay you for your plasma, but they can pay you for your time. The plasma is usually either given to hospitals where it can be used immediately or to pharmaceutical places to use in their concoctions.
Americans do not get paid to donate blood, we have blood-drives often and rarely do we have a shortage of blood for hospitals..In fact, by law you can not pay for body parts to go into other people. Organ and blood donation . be a gift. People who get paid to give plasma have their plasma used in research or cosmetics.
Huh. .. Was that changed recently? I am sure I saw a thing on scrubs where a homeless guy got paid to donate then he passed out..
That's a shame.
Yeah, I've done it twice now, and we (Denmark) don't get paid anything except for a fruit and a little chocolate.
To be clear, this isn't like a blood drive. These are typically private companies that operate year-round and sell the plasma for things like pharmaceutical testing. 
I don't understand this law. It's my fucking body, I'll do whatever the fuck i want with it.
The idea is that we don't want to create incentives for rich people to pay for poor people body parts. If Bill Gates needs a new heart, he has to wait for it, not set up a family for life and harvest a heart from one of them.
I don't see a problem.
You know, you can get registered over the internet as an ordained minister. People will pay . $100 for a few fancy words and a marriage license signature, depending on state requirements.
But you get paid as a grad student.....
Do what now?
Colleges pay you to earn your degree,If you aren't working in the department doing research why are you in grad school?  
I don't know where you're going to school but I'd like to go there. I'm getting my masters in counseling. 
I went to a state school for a masters and they paid everything and a small salary. Why are you paying for your own degree? Can your employer not help to pay? If you are unemployed and just paying for your degree while not working and getting actual experience then you are making one hell of a foolish decision financially and will basically have lots of debt, a piece of paper , and a tough time getting a job once you finish. 
You're talking about an assistantship or research grant. You can be an assistant and receive either a monthly stipend or a tuition drop but it rarely wipes the entire slate clean. And grad school is usually only research driven for doctoral students, which I am not. 
A graduate research assistantship pays for tuiton and stipend at my school. Why did you decide to go to grad school out of pocket?  
You act like I decided not to get any financial aid because I had the choice. Whether or not I get an assistantship, scholarships, or grants is not up to me. Even the school I get accepted to isn't up to me. All I have is loans and there is a pretty decent chance for a small part-time TA. 
Of course it is up to you! Did you not contact people in the college asking about openings before you applied? Checked with the department on availability and how often they award masters seekers ta positions? Do you know how many colleges there are in the world? And you didn't find one that could support you? 
Colleges that offer my degree + colleges I have chances of getting into + colleges with aid + colleges in areas I actually want to live or can afford = Very few colleges. .It narrows down pretty quick. I'll probably get more help and the cost of living is exponentially cheaper than my other options so trust me, I'm being as responsible as I can. 
you get paid for giving blood?
Damn. No parents? 
Just out of curiosity have you actually done the math on potential ROI from grad school?  I've seen so many people just dive headfirst into higher education debt without any real plan for digging back out.
Well, I'm raking in 25,000 right now doing social work. The hours and pay could be cut at any moment, and we almost lost the entire program last year from the budget. We were told to update our resumes on a Monday because we might need them by Wednesday. I cannot comfortably start a family or do much of anything on my current path. Psychology is broad and this isn't working out so I'm going for Human Factors. I'll be able to graduate and get a job in the tech or military sector where they tend to throw money at you. The difference in average salary is about 30-40k. It's also more interesting from the research I've seen. 
You get money for plasma? I'm a need a link to find a place to do this.
Low income neighborhoods of metropolitan city's.
Watch out for the track marks that make you look like a junkie. 
At my local plasma donation center they have these Vitamin  C capsules they tell you to break open and rub on the needle marks so they don't scar. It works pretty well.
That's where you can find locations.
Be forewarned, they pump you full of some preservative.  It makes your lips tingle and you feel gross afterward.
Meh, I never felt that way after. Just tired and hungry.
Really? I've just never gone because they use big needles 
and that taste of pennies ... uggh
wait, what the fuck?
Preservative = citrate
Dat saline... It feels pretty good IMO. Like injecting a slurpee into your bloodstream.
The place i went to ages ago was ice cold AC inside, had super comfy chairs and movies on TVs all around the place. So i was paid to chill and watch a movie. The Saline was ice cold when they put it in when you were finished. It was like having internal AC walking around in the summer for the first 30mins outside.
Preach, brother, preach!
"Some preservative"... it's only your own blood cells mixed with saline. Saline.
It's actually a saline solution
When did . start? I haven't donated plasma since about 2004 but they didn't . anything. 
Honestly, that'd be worth it. How much money do you get?
A place near where I live will give you $300 a month to go twice a week
Jesus, that's half of what I make already. This could be life changing.
Depends on where you're at.  Anywhere from $10 to $25.
Between $30 and $50 usually. You can donate once a week I believe. It is really "easy" money if you are ok with that sort of thing. I know a lot of desperate friends who need to do it every week to get by.
Do they have the same restrictions as the Red Cross? Because I was born in the UK and lived there for about 2 years. This makes me ineligible for Red Cross donation.
Is it really 'donating' if you're getting paid tho?
So yea, unfortunately I think they will . allow you to donate. You can always lie if you are desperate for a few bucks unless you social security number somehow says you weren't born in the USA. I don't know how that works as I am a Canadian.
I just don't get it. How come I'm at risk for CFD if all I ate was baby and toddler food--which contained zero cow brains--over 17 years ago, when it only takes 10 years for symptoms to develop?
They are not the NSA, they don't know everything you did.
However, they can build exceptions to the rules around these. Currently it's all on an honor system, anyway. I COULD just lie and say I've never been to the UK. They could include an exception to allow people who've not been in the UK for over 15 years, or who didn't eat anything other than processed baby food (From an American military base, no less).

Actually, ., and . are two of the more likely causes of CJD.  Also ..  Finally, the UK government have acknowledged that there are a large number of . with some estimates stating that 0.1% of the population of UK could be infected.
Why is blood from the UK unclean?
you can donate twice a week the place by me gives 20 for the first of the week and 35 for the second time
Is there really a downside other than the lip tingles and gross feeling that Excentinel said?
No, no downsides health wise. Your body will replace everything you lose naturally in a couple days at most. Some people look down on you if you tell them you do it, so I wouldn't go around bragging about it. If you need/want the extra cash, it's safe and quick.
Why is donating fluids that save lives looked down upon?
Well fuck those people, I wouldn't want to be friends with someone who judges me before they even get to know me anyways...
Many do it to avoid a real job
Well, I'll go this weekend, because I'm a poor college student and chinese food ain't free. Here's hoping I don't die.
If you're strapped for cash, then this is a relatively safe option. Just be aware that some people do suffer side effects such as a weakened immune system or iron deficiency. Good luck!
In my town it's twice a week, 25 for the first donation I and 40 for the second time within the same week. You have to wait a day in between the first donation but 3 after the second. .That's Dallas tx
Thanks for the info for everyone..Here is the link for interested people to learn more:.CSL is the biggest plasma collectors in the US as far as I know. I used to work in a service where we saw people using their "plasma debit" cards all the time, and they were always CSL plasma..So if you can go twice a week and get poked, you can pick up an extra $200-$300 a month depending on your location.
Went to go look for their locations. What does Georgia have against plasma donations??
How old do you have to be to do this legally? 
Shit...that's my rent.
$300 a month rent?? Do you live in a shoebox?
More likely roommates.
That is uh... not even half of mine. Shit.
That is an eighth of my rent ffs
That's part of the reason why you can find them near most universities.
People who spend more than 3 months in the UK are "at risk" for Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (CFD), also known as a human form of "mad cow disease," which is transferred by eating nerve tissue of affected animals. It takes about 10 years for symptoms to develop, and is fatal..However, I ate cow-brain-less baby and toddler food 18 years ago, and it's been well over 10 years. Apparently I'm still "at risk."
That's such complete horseshit. You'd think the entire country was dying of CJD. I'd bet good money on You being a lot more likely to die because they don't have enough of your blood type than you are from catching CJD from a transfusion.
At the time it wasn't. Unknown disease, no way of testing until the animal died from the symptoms. No clue about how it spread. Potentially they were looking at a few to tens of millions of cases in 10-15 years time..Those were scary times..

Selling fluids, not donating.
still helping people, just helping yourself as well.

Don't you usually have to go twice per week? My friend used to go and she said they'd give you some of the money one day, and the rest the other day. She also said that the locations were invariably incredibly sketchy.
yeah from what i remember back when people i knew were doing it in college you'd get like $20 the first day and then $30 or $40 the second day if you went twice in one week..i also remember a guy who did the maximum plasma donation (donation feels like the right word to say even though you're not really donating) for a month straight.  he came back one morning after it, laid down on a couch in the atrium, and slept for 12 hours.
The one near my college is actually pretty nice, crowded, but nice. 
Nice to hear that not all of them are in bad areas. I can imagine the college kids all gettin their ramen paid for with a couple pokes lol.
all the ones near me are in the ghetto. so many drug addicts and hobos
The one we have is super nice. Flat screen TVs all over the walls, supervised play area for kids if you have them, leather couches, free fast Wi-Fi etc. 
Hmmm maybe I'll try going... doubt they give any money in my city though. We have a fuckload of students and probably more unemployment than anywhere in Canada
So I can be drained of my plasma, go on reddit, and get paid for watching TV?  Where do I sign?
Yes, I did this for a year at least.
Ah yeah, you get more if you can do it twice in the week. They only give you a small payment the first time I believe, then more the second time. I just double checked and it is twice a week you can donate. But definitely, they aren't high end places. $20/hour for getting poked in arm, you can imagine the main clientele they have.
Walmart and Mcds employees.
Hey, those guys have an official budget now though! They'll be fine. 
They should let you use your kids. Donate younger plasma, get more money
I think it's 3 times per 2 weeks where I'm at..My friends loved doing it because you'd take the money from the Plasma and get alcohol and then it'd take less alcohol to get you drunk.
Teh first time is usually a lower amount, the place I donated at during grad school was $20 the first time in a month, and $35 for each time after that in the calendar month. 
got paid 4 hrs of wages to give blood at the medical center since I worked on campus..$30 was $30. Actually this was 1990 so $30 was $50! Pretty good deal now that I think about it.
And now its $50! 
You get paid to give blood? In the UK most people just donate it freely.
Blood donations are never paid for. Donating plasma is a separate process that cycles your blood through a machine youre hooked up to, spins it, separates your plasma from your blood and returns the red blood cells in about 30-45 mins. They pay 60-120$ for two visits a week for it, depending on weight. 
They just take a whole blood donation from us and separate the various components externally. Still weird that you get paid.
I do the platelet apheresis donation which takes about 3 hours. I'd love to find out where I could be paid for it. Cool part is that it gives you all the red cells back with fluids so you can go every week. 
You can't donate whole blood as frequently. (Advised every 6 weeks)
When you donate plasma specifically they separate it and return your blood cells so you can donate up to two times a week. Thats why they pay for it. Theyre essentially farming. 
Oh ok, I think we do that too for free but not on such a wide scale as blood donation.
this was a deal for students and staff at a major university hospital, one of the biggest in the nation I guess
Last time I went to a blood donation at uni they were turning people away. It was fully booked by 11am (opened at 9) and ran for two days, there's no shortage in donors.
McDonalds and visa should add this to their daily budget breakdown.
72 hour job, barely scraping by at these ridiculously deflate rates?.Donate plasma while you sleep!
Plus you get a cookie and juice. That's a meal replacement right? $10 saved!
You should become a banker.
With access to a time machine.
"yo dudes you will never guess HOW much this is worth in the future!!!!"
While in undergrad, my friends used to donate every Friday so they'd be cheap drunks that night too.  They were clever men, but not responsible men.
Woah I did the same thing! Good to know I'm not the only depraved person on this planet
I'd give you reddit-gold if I could afford it. Your comment gave me genuine laughter.
Stop leaving these comments. They are an obvious ploy to get reddit gold. People generally aren't stupid enough to fall your your manipulative bullshit.
An obvious ploy to get someone else reddit gold?
No, many of these threads which are lucky to take off not only end up with the previous comment getting gold, but the person who said "I wish...etc" also receiving it. . is the most likely place to see this phenomenon but it happens elsewhere. 
I'd usually agree with you, but in a thread talking about being broke, not being able to afford Reddit Gold is kinda funny.
So is begging for it like some sort of fucking retard.

/r/ihopeyourmotherisdeadbecauseifsheisstillaliveiwillfindherandcutoutherheartandmakeyoueatit
Donate plasma tomorrow and come back to give him some reddit-gold with your new plasma donation debit card!
Simple! You just replace that watery plasma with alcohol!
Top tip: donate blood 6-12 hours before going drinking. You'll get really drunk, without the hangover!
Why no hangover? I'd assume you would get super wasted and already be low on fluids which would give an even worse hangover
because you will be DEAD. dun dun dunnn
actually makes a lot of sense. You have more money for drinks, and your have less blood so drinks make you more drunk!
Science!
Yeah...but ....health? 
Fuck health
Honestly, those guys were going to get just as hammered and be just as unhealthy anyway, now they're just saving some cash while they do it.
Confession:.At places with the "Take a penny".I took a penny.and kept it.
R/firstworldanarchists

man this is depressing.
I take two
They're there for just that reason, but mostly it's for scratchcard purchasers and those short a penny.
What is this?./notamerican
A little dish with pennies. If your purchase is 18.52 you can take 2 pennies. If you give a bill or something and get pennies as change, you can leave them. It's basically the same concept as rounding up/down in countries that do that.
Interesting. I have never heard about those before.
America: the only place where Pennies still matter
Fuck that, i like my coins here in england. Save all the 1 and 2p coins and hit the arcade in a year and you'll be swimming in shitty keyrings and plastix angry bird toys 
We got rid of ours here in Canada. No riots, still have electricity, water not running low ans spirits are high.
Getting rid of pennies comes up here in America occasionally. There are studies that says pennies cost people more time to count than the economic value they provide..However groups lobby against those laws, especially charities like unicef who collect spare change..Personally I feel they're more effort than they're worth (really, who cares about anything less than a quarter?), but keep em or get rid of em I don't care.
Unicef wants to keep pennies? Wow... They should rejoice to the idea of having to give nickels instead of pennies. Even if you give five times less they still get at least the same amount in the end. Damn copper lobbyist.
I'll take all your dimes... every single one of them. All for me. You can keep those damn nickels though.
If I was a charity I'd be against the pennies, it'd force people to give bigger change.
That's how it should work. The Pakistani guy at the Exxon station always puts them back in the register. 
From the crippled children?
No, that's the jar. I'm talking about the tray, the pennies for everybody. 
Is this an alt acct or did you reply for him in first person?
It's a reference to... Fuck I can't remember. But it's a reference to something. 
office space
Tone it down a little, Satan.
We're really going to run that phrase into the ground aren't we. 
I first read your comment as "Tone it down, little Satan".
I read it in the tune of Tiny Dancer. 
Tony Danza?
Hitler is literally vomiting in his grave at how sick this guy is.
Ya, well Hitler wasn't so bad.  He was going to outlaw animal cruelty!
And he wanted all German people to be able to own a car!
And he killed Hitler
I guess he wasn't such a bad guy after all.
And best of all, he wanted to annihilate International Jewry! Think of all the problems it would've solved, only at the expense of a (large) handful of Nobel Prize in Science discoveries!
I GET THAT REFERENCE
He also had a strict policy on smoking.
I swear the more redneck posts I see the more I am starting to believe they are all hidden geniuses. 
This works, but i recommend to use a two stroke engine for maximum toxic effect. That way they won't come back again even if they escaped the acute fumigation.
If that doesnt work get a cinch trap. They work like a charm.
You know they can dig under.....oh never mind. 
Have you tried reasoning with it?
That's mean 
I can top it. My younger brother hates the groundhogs in our yard. So, he rigged a mousetrap with a nail and when it snaps, it hits a shotgun shell, causing it to explode in their faces. He puts the device, with food on it, at the foot of their holes. Works pretty well. Kind of unnerving to wake up to a shotgun blast in the middle of the night, though.
Your buddy and I live a few houses away. 
I can loan him my dog... she's killed 2 in the last month.
or just put lighter fluid in the hole with some paper and smoke him/her out. 
Watership down
Seems legit, until the mole decides to Lemmiwinks that ATV.
Slightly?
This is some Caddy Shack shit right here man... lol
They actually sell a product at the hardware store I work at that's designed for this, it's a rubber boot that slides onto the cars exhaust then you hook a garden hose up to it
Just use snakes like this bloke.

My grandpa uses road flairs and seals the holes up.
That's actually a normal way to kill them. they sell some kit that you can use to hook up to an exhaust pipe to make them go sleepy die.

When I lived in France we had a problem ourselves. Then we discovered .. I have never been so scared and impressed of something at the same time, it's pretty damn loud when it goes off :/
I want to know if it works...
There's a pest control service in my town that uses this as their main technique. They get a ton of business
I did the same thing but with my truck.  It worked
That's not new
They sell those at hardware stores so you can carbon monoxide things.
This just makes me think of Caddyshack. 
Home Depot sells kits with hose and a clamp for your car.  We opted for the solar charged audio repellant stake. 
I worked for an attorney that described how he did something similar with his pick up truck. 
Thats pretty genius, if it works!
EVERYONE where I live has a terrible mole problem.
I installed an underground dog fence and now Everyone else has a slightly greater mole problem, but mines gone!
Tell your buddy to adjust the carb so it runs rich.  That way more carbon monoxide will be produced by the motor :)
If the mole lives he's going to sue and use the money to build a Jump to Conclusions mat.
Slightly?
sleeep sleeeep sleeeeeeep!
Reminded me of Jasper Carrott's sketch about trying to get rid of a mole:
When I was a kid on the farm.... I'd bust the hose out, put it down the rathole and drown the rats that took up residence in the barn. Kept a cat close by for the ones that make it to the surface. 
My Calculus teacher liked to drown raccoons and stab moles. Sometimes she would use her German neighbor's truck to gas small animals. It was something of a pastime. 
This actually works. I've seen it done with a truck but never an ATV. 
Pretty cool but not as much fun as this:
I use tanerite. Works awesomely.
People who can think of ways to harm other living creatures like this probably don't have a very healthy mind. Someone who actually has a conscience wouldn't be able to do these things. 
I started to get fed up with them, then when I was looking up how to kill them I found out they eat some bugs and aerate your lawn, so I'm cool with the moles.
I used to work in a hardware store and we specifically sold a standard tailpipe to garden hose adapter for mole killing.  
This method works, I've also seen people pipe propane down there as well.
My brother just throws a road flare in their hole and covers it up
I feel the urge to do this with an anthill. 
[deleted]
what's your point.
That sounds pretty fabulous..(You probably meant "flare".)
Jesus fucking christ, people are awful. Moles need somewhere to live too. It's so strange to me how terrified people are of nature. People flip out if their lawns get too long and lose it if a wild animal sets foot on their property...which is out-fucking-side..Your friend is an asshole.
He's wasting all the delicious mole meat!!!
Thanks for the lol
I'm no PETA activist but I'm pretty sure this is considered animal cruelty, and you probably could be charged over it.
I'm all for unnecessarily killing defenceless animals but that's just cruel man. It might be trying to feed a family down there. Think of the children. 
Op is literally mole Hitler. 
No explosives?   Bill Murray is disappoint, son.
Some people like to keep their lawn.  Otherwise, why kill the mole?
[deleted]
The principal is still sound, dammit!
Awwwww poor mole
Excuses excuses.  Grass grows back....the opportunity to extract a rodent with concussive force is not to be passed up lightly.   Remember, there isn't a problem on this planet that can't be solved with the careful application of high explosives.
I used to wear a t-shirt that I got at a gun show with a similar saying in high school, "There are very few problems that can't be solved be the application of HIGH EXPLOSIVES(in big red letters.)" Then Columbine happened and they banned everything metal/had fire on it/gun logos(this is Texas, your killing some peoples wardrobe options) and just about plain black shirts.
"Thanks fer callin' Gambino Lawn Maintenance. Can I help youse?"
That's brutal 
Are clamp traps not an option in your state? Put a little peanut butter on the trigger. No mo' mole.
Yeah, we can use them.  He has tried them before with no luck.  My favorite method of his is to sit in the lawn chair, a beer in his left hand, axe in his right.  When he sees the mole hill forming, he gets all ax murderery on the hole..I've seen this work in the past, but it takes extreme levels of patience.  The problem here is, often by the time the mole shows up he's to drunk to accurately slay.  .I've given him huge props to this new method.
It is pretty ingenious and redneck. please report on it's effectiveness..I know a guy that, for mole control, would sit on his porch with a case of beer and a shotgun. When he saw the ground swell, he would fire off a shot. Ha.
A method that worked for me, although I had a machete..
Flattened all piles, then sat down waiting silently for an hour or so...
Wait for PETA to contact him
Isn't that dangerous? Shotgun shells hooked to mouse traps?
[deleted]
ah i get it. long day.
How have i never heard of this?! I'm totally gonna try this on my parent's farm on some groundhog holes in their barn.  
[deleted]
I've poured isopropyl alcohol down an anthill and lit it. I'm not sure if it did anything about the ants, but it was fun. 
Your PETA is showing, sir.
Reminds me of Panic room. 
Because jokes.
Seems nazi-redneck to me. 
Inb4 Peta. Fuck yes.
I have a feeling this could be real bad for his engine....
Naah it's not. Either it runs or it stops. It wont do any damage though.
makes sense. Thought overheating could be an issue.
... No. Coolant will still flow. 
It's legal, but I would still call it inhumane, as asphyxiation is a slow and horrible way to die. If you did this to a dog, you'd be arrested for animal cruelty..Use a midsize Have-A-Heart trap. Or shoot it: A clean headshot is an instant and humane kill. If this is not allowed where you are, call a professional; that's what they're for.
Now, what you'ins needs ta do is pull your quad 'round t'back yard and plug that thar dryer vent raght down tha hole. He wont never see it comin, and if we's lucky he'll come out da other side nice an smoked up real good-like; then we's can et him.
It seems like this would kill the moles underground and leave him with a bunch of very stinky holes in his yard.
Moles are small enough, and they'll be buried deep enough, that it's never really a problem.
You're done for now, Snowden!
I would be so tempted to light it
Is that not the point? there was a comment a little bit higher were this was the point, with videos of some contraption made to do this.
The best way to get rid of a mole is to put sticks of Juicy Fruit gum in the tunnels. Kills moles and tastes great too!
The problem with this is that the sweetener, xylitol, is also poisonous to pets like cats and dogs. Be careful with it.
I have done this before, at my grandfather's house, and it absolutely works.
This is cruel, your friend has no empathy, which is a basic sign of being a psychopath 
Oh calm the fuck down.
Empathy for what? Pests? .I spent a large chunk of the 80s plinking away at little critters like this. If you hit em just right sometimes they'll flip through the air and it's the most hilarious thing. 
Couldn't this plan backfire as the exhaust will have no where to exhaust to?
The exhaust pressure of an internal combustion engine is incredible..  It would tear that ducting to shreds . before it backed up pressure
What if I stuck a tennis ball in a cars exhaust pipe ala some movie with Eddie murphy
There's an episode of mythbusters about this.. you can hammer a steel plug into your exhaust pipe and it'll just shoot out
Thank you! 
Did this work?
This works. Very common way of getting rid of burrowing pests.
Probably not moles love carbon monoxide, that's why they live underground.
Yeah, just dump poison into the drainage field next to the creek and well.  I'll let him know that's a better idea.
[deleted]
And then where does the poison go?  Do the moles put it in the garbage after they're done using it?
I imagine them in the morning walking out to the street with disgust on their face as they encounter your friend taking out his trash. "if you leave your poison in my yard one more time!"  
[deleted]

It's currently an active process happening at this moment.  He's going to let it run for an hour or two...then I guess we'll find out whether it worked or not over the next few days.
Good luck with that since moles have a special hemoglobin protein that allows them to go without fresh air for hours..EDIT :.If you're an animal rights activists I suggest you stop reading..Here's what works best.So........ do I really need to explain how this works?.( Here's a hint...the "Wack A Mole " game at the arcade is based on this method. ).The really good part is ...if you have nosy neighbors you can make up any story you want to explain what you're doing.."Scaring up earthworms"."Marking out the fence line for my new chicken coop "."Teaching the dog that sledge hammers are not a chew toy"."Its an American Indian trick for dowsing for water , I figure a sledge would be a good substitute for tomahawk"."God Damn Mother Fucking Zombies better stay down!!!!!!!"."Trying to remember where I left my OLD wife and family" ." Didn't ya hear?.....that fellow on the news said that some of the houses in our neighborhood were built on top of the old armory and have live artillery shells buried under them.......wanna help me look?"
It's funny how they are spamming you with pm's instead of replying.
i think there is a minor difference between carbon monoxide saturated air and a lack of "fresh air"
You're thinking Carbon Dioxide.  Carbon Monoxide is very poisonous to moles.
Moles don't "love" carbon dioxide, either. They can tolerate higher levels of carbon dioxide, and lower levels of oxygen, but they still need to breathe oxygen and eliminate carbon dioxide.
I'm sad that everyone thought I am stupid :-( I was just being contrary. 
He was only one atom away, though!
Two out of three ain't bad.
There is a product I see at Farm shows that pumps propane (i think) and oxygen into the tunnel then ignites it. The videos were way cool.
Yep, I've used one of these at work before..As bad as I feel about obliterating families of gophers and ground squirrels, I have to admit it's pretty cool. Dirt literally rains from the sky and the ground smolders after it blows.

That's the one
The demo video for this is amazing.
Awesome having John Petrucci for music on the video.
That sounds fucking awesome and terrifying.
I can tell you from experience, however (assuming mole holes are like groundhog holes and are very deep with multiple branches), that emptying a bottle of lighter fluid down the hole then using a rolled up piece of paper lit on fire to ignite it does NOT work. It is fun though. 
That sounds fun enough to try regardless of outcome.  

Cool video but that has GOT to be the worst background music I've ever heard. 
According to the end credits he made it himself...
That's horrifyingly satisfying.  I would do that for an entire day.
Seems 
Kill the wabbit!
Looking for a way out that mole must be exhausted.
when he does get i out he will be fuming mad
NO.
That's not redneck. That's country. There's a biiiiiiiiiig difference. .Redneck would have been shoving a stick of dynamite down the hole.  Or pouring gasoline down the hole and setting it, and yourself on fire. Whilst drunk. Rednecks always get their best "idears" whilst drunk. .TL;dr if you wonder if something is redneck or country, just ask yourself "does it involve fire" if the answer is yes, then it's most likely redneck.
there's a Footrot Flats strip where one of the character does that, he pours gasoline in the rabbit holes and it ends up exploding the offal pit. What's the new zealand version of redneck?
As someone who has spent 10 years in Arkansas, I can attest to this. Country and redneck are not the same thing
To someone who isn't country, they're pretty much the same.
To someone who is country, you seem very ignorant.  Pouring chemicals down the hole to set them on fire would be a quick and easy solution to the problem.  Just not gasoline.  If you made a solution of used motor oil and a tiny bit of gasoline to get it started, or if you used diesel fuel, it would be super effective.  Gasoline burns too quick.  
Since it is an internal combustion engine, technically, it's using fire. Just sayin'. 

My uncle did the same thing in Vietnam with a D7E bulldozer. 
thats so fucking metal
Shut. the. fuck. up. 
he did it to people, dude. war sucks.
well, they were planning to do stuff to him.
that's why i didn't call him an asshole or downvote alancar. war makes people do shitty things.
A guy I used to live by was a Vietnam vet and had received orders to flush out a hole that the Vietcong were suspected of hiding in with smoke grenades. It turns out that there were women and children hiding in there, and several of them were killed. It haunted him for the rest of his life, causing him to drink a lot, I learned that he drank himself to death a few months after we moved away..I've seen the effects of war on people, and war sucks. War fucking sucks. 
Isn't that quote from COD 3 or something?
I think it's pretty clearly attributed to Robert E Lee there.
Oh thanks, I didn't realize the writers of COD didn't come up with that.
Next time I'd pay more attention to conveying that information.
I think this is also the plot of L.A. Noire...
I do believe that it has been used in the COD series.
Okay. I wasn't saying that that was bad or anything, I just knew I knew it from somewhere.
Without quotes it looks like robert e lee said everything above his name, which would be odd.
I don't think the pressure would be enough to cause a problem with the quad.  I'm sure it's far from air tight, much like the entire plan itself.
I actually think that the quad will not make enough exhaust gasses to fill the hole due to the fact that it will leak. If he has a truck that would work better. 
You're probably right.  Time will tell.

Terrible, simplistic design with non matching color scheme? AOL email address for contact info? Copyright 2000-2001? Holy shit, that website is frozen in the past.
I have weiner dogs that work full-time to get rid of moles.  They're awesome at it.
You do this as a business?  If not, why not?  This needs to be a business! Please tell me this is a business.
"They have short snouts to help them take down lions"
We moved houses and our outdoor badass cat (always beheading birds and shit) starts bringing us mole bodies that he had somehow killed...brought us like 3 or 4 of various sizes..We thought it was all good until the 5th was a mole baby :(
Our german shepherds do the same thing, one sniffs them out and the other digs them up. Then they play with the dead bodies and leave them on the back porch as presents. Dogs....
sadly no, not a business.  Just many doxies that are happy with the large property they get to run on.  Many critters to hunt and dig up.  the cats get the low hanging birds and the weiners dig up the below ground varmints.
Damn.  Because I'd totally set up a seating area to watch them work. Might even sell popcorn because that has got to be entertaining as hell.
So what your saying is you have slaves go work for you all day so you can Reddits?!?
Yeah, all my neighbors complain about gophers, moles and even occasionally rats. We never see them unless our cats bring us dead ones..EDIT: gophers/ground squirrels ... w/e
They were bred to hunt / fight badgers. That's why they are very fearless for being such small dogs 
Same with jackrussels, expect with rabbits I am pretty sure.Which is why their tails use to be docked, so the owners could pull them out of the rabbits holes. .My jack-russel, once she gets a scent of any animal in the bush, she's gone for 10minutes, so she spends her time on the leash!  
They're actually only meant to flush badgers out of holes - not fight them. A badger would fuck up their world. I thought it was bred to fight too (I have one), but after reading up on it after a discussion on logistics with my old roommate, I found out that I was sadly mistaken. .My doxie also caught a mole a couple months ago - and dropped it next to my head when I was napping on the couch. Not cool. I screamed like a sissy. 
One of my father's weiner dogs was killed by a badger when he was a boy. It went down there to fight it and it didn't run away.
All my roommate was good for was stealing my socks and wearing his swimming trunks as underwear when he was too lazy to do laundry. Sounds like a pretty cool roomie.
He was one of the best.  If it wasn't for moving in with my boyfriend I'd have kept living with him and my other roommates for sure!
Nifty. thank you for the correction. Mine used to team up with me beagle and bring me various animals as gifts. It was gross lol 
i find this humorous seeing as how my beagle hate the neighbor doxen but i always thought they should get along better. 
FYI: Dachshund, not Doxen
FYI: Dachshund is German and means: Badgerdog
everything i know is a lie!!!!
FYI:  Badger. Badger Badger Badger Badger mushROOM mushROOM!



Came here for a Caddyshack reference, was not disappointed 
Or maybe ..
Needs more duck tape
who?
Miye Yones
bak den dey din wanme nomhot deall wame
Red Green
This is Red Green.  A show from PBS.  Famous for the quote "If the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy." He "redneck" engineers things together to make amazing contraptions.  Duct tape is his best friend.  . as a sample.  Another famous quote from the show is The Man's Prayer: "I'm a man, but I can change, if I have to, I guess." 
lol damn completely off my radar. Thank you. 
Red green was actually a Canadian sketch comedy before PBS purchased it in syndication and in my opinion one of the best decisions PBS ever made.  
I watched Red Green all the time growing up. I think this is why my handiness is more along the lines of jury rigging as opposed to actually fixing things.
"I'd like to see that Red Green Blue cocksucker make one of THOSE." -Bubbles
What the fuck does Bubbles know except kitties?
Fixing buggies?
I hear his mad MC skills will leave you struck.
Liquor & whores.
Cig'retts and dope and mustard and balogna
To name a few: chicken fingers, cheeseburgers, his way around a ring, shopping carts, model trains, guitar, and of course, he knows Rush, oh, and Sebastian Bach..Bubbles knows a lot...
Did you just follow up an awesome Canadian show reference with an even awesomer one?  
moles find their food using their ears. go to home depot and get the windmill that vibrates and disrupts their ability to hear where their food is,probably $20-30, they'll want to escape the noise, as much as i love, commas,
,
Yeah there are a few non-lethal ways of dealing with them. We had a stake you drive into the ground that emits some kind of soundwave that the moles don't like. Worked great. It's got good range on it too, it did our garden plus our neighbours. .I get that they're considered pests and they mess up your grass but still, if there are non-lethal ways of getting them away that's gotta be better right?
I think it depends on the "non-lethal" method used.  Yes, you aren't poisoning the animal or catching them in a snap trap.  But unless you are driving them to a new territory (and not every pest will be willing to give up their territory in search of a new place to live), you are just stressing the animal out, reducing food, and making them work harder to survive.  This will lead to the death of your pest, especially if you have a serious infestation where many animals are now fighting for vastly reduced resources.  You may not think you are killing the animal, but they are still dying.  "Non-lethal" isn't really non-lethal.  It's just a guilt free way to kill your pests.
Yeah that's a very valid point. I think in my case though getting the moles to move on to somewhere else was a better choice than just killing them. If I sat and killed every mole that popped up I'd have a full length coat within a month, but as it stands they just move on to other areas..I'd also say that it's not like my preventative non-lethal treatment is absolutely going to kill of the same number of animals a lethal treatment would. Admittedly I'm not a pest control expert but just keeping them away from me is probably going to preserve more lives than me killing them every time a new hill pops up.
I can't speak that much on moles, but I do know about rats.  I agree the best way to manage a pest infestation is to get them to move out of your living space.  If this can be done by pest proofing or removing resources rather than using poisons, that is ideal. .I spent a summer trying to help control rat populations in NYC.  A number of people would come up to me and yell that I was being cruel.  I should use non-lethal methods such as no-kill traps or "some other method" so we didn't have to kill the animal.  It was my job to smile and nod and not engage, but inside I wanted to explain how wrong their logic was.  These animals aren't simply going to disappear into fairy dust if I just cut off access to their food.  They will starve.  They will kill each other, and they will die painful deaths.  Unless you are monitoring a non-kill trap closely, rodents caught in it will likely die from stress and exposure within 8 hours if the weather is mild (less if it is too hot or cold out).  There often isn't a humane way to get rid of pests.  The only humane way is to never allow pests to move in in the first place.  It's unpleasant, but if its a public health risk, you have to deal with the issue regardless.  .But you are right.  If you can drive the moles away and, most importantly, keep them from returning, that sounds the most humane.  
Crikey, that must be a difficult enough job as it is without people harassing you in the street. Props, I wouldn't be able to do that. Bit of a soft spot for rats..I agree 100% though. Better to spare as many lives as possible, but sometimes it is better to "go lethal" in the long run. A similar debate crops up every time they have a cull here somewhere in the UK.
The job taught me to love rats!  I've always wanted a pet one, and now I have a better appreciation of just how smart they really are.  But people suck.  And don't even get me started on pigeons.  
,,,


how is this not the top comment... i laughed my ass off

Reddit's favourite lake.
Does anybody need some Pepto Bismol?
You made it sound really casual. "So anyone notice the lake is pink? Yeah it does that sometimes."
We Australians are an imaginative lot..See a pink lake, call it Pink Lake.
its on an island off the coast of perth, its due to high salt content and bacteria and it smells awful! The island held an internment camp during both world wars, and an aboriginal prison. . Pretty interesting place! 
Yes and surrounding the lake is the Green Forest and the Blue Ocean.
I wonder why....
 
is this where flamingo's come from, hrmm I thought it was florida..
The only flamingo youll see are lawn ornaments on front of old peoples houses. If you want real flamingos go to Africa.
ya sarcasm doesn't always translate  well through text
Once a month... 
That's about the amount of times this is repost.  Coincidence? 
What is the main reason for this happening, also is it still safe to swim in?
Time to celebrate with a trip to McDonald's and a Carvel ice cream sheet cake!
is there a weightloss subreddit?  There must be right? post this stuff in there, I don't get why you think other people care about a picture of a fat guy next to a picture of a not fat guy..You're doing this so people can complement you and you can get an ego boost, so just post it in the right subreddit and you won't have to hear from dicks like me insulting you.  everybody's happy
That's a sneaky selfie on the right there. 
 
Nice Jordan SC-1s
Lol ballin
Don't know what's with all the hate... Oh wait, it's Reddit. Anyway congrats on the weight loss and having the self control to actually do it! Also, Mmm tecate!
Wow, now you hot dude!
Drop the silly chin stuff and grow a real beard. You'll look 100 times more badass, and 100 times less douchey.   .Source: a bearded man. 
Good for you keep it up man
:-) 
Amazing job :)
that at nike campus?
Wow! Keep up the good work!
Looks good off you.
Are you wearing sweat pants with a polo?
Those are jeans lol
Good for you!
Gotta say I would lose the black jeans. You are too old and too white to be trying to pull off the gangster look. The too white pristine shoes along with the full body black outfit make you look like a piece of shit, like you are trying to be ghetto. You look awesome aside from your clothes, nice weight loss, but you need to re-evaluate your wardrobe.
Can't please everyone!I'm confident with how I look and dress. Thanks for the support! 
You looked like Combo from Breaking Bad
Hahaha poor combo got shot up by that little kid 
Nice job, stay on the program. I lost 39lbs and had to buy everything new..
Best part you probably put years back on your life!!
Hey man, congrats on the weight loss. Take a look at ., but look at it and then look away, then come back. You dress like a kid. Own your look. Shave your head (I'm a balding guy too). Stick with the gym. Your clothes don't fit you at all and even if they did they don't suit you. You would look 1,000X's better in some well fitting clothes. Figure out your style. Just a suggestion.
I appreciate the constructive feedback. Regarding the fitting clothes, having lost this much weight it is INCREDIBLY expensive on clothes. Going from 4xl shirts and 48 pants down to 2xl shirts and 40 pants means I have bought a new wardrobe every step of the way, and it's very taxing. Which means there are times I'm still in 2xl shirts when a 1xl would suffice, but I just can't justify buying clothes again when I just bought the 2xl stuff 2 months earlier haha 
You could still get into Los Lobos, but only barely.  Congrats! 
I meant did you ever slip up
No beer in there lol
Are you cheersing with gas station burritos?
As a envious fat-ass... I applaud you, sir. Good going!
No need to be envious my man, you can get there too! If there is any pointers or tips you need feel free to PM me. 
You look less happy in your thin picture. Turn that frown upside down, or some bullshit. But congrats on the achievement man!
Haha its been a bit of a rough week with work but still incredibly happy with the weight loss. 
 
Ditch the neck pubes my man...
I skimmed the title. I read it as "what a 100 years difference makes"
Congratulations.  How did you do it? (Don't say dieting and eating better... don't say dieting and eating better...don't say dieting and eating better..)
Dieting and eating better.
YA! I SAID IT!
Watcha Gunna duuuuu!?
GHOST RIDE IT! 
You go man! Epic results!
Welcome to the Century Club and congrats on your achievement.
i have dem shoes
Subway subway subway!!!  Congrats.
Wow
You look great
How did you do it?
What kept you motivated?
Did you beer "slip up".I lost 10 pounds in two weeks by not eating chocolate processed foods or soda
I thought I was doing good, than paid a trip to. McDonald's and well my dress doesn't fit so nice anymore :(
The first step is huge and just taking it and accepting you need to make some changes is a big deal. The biggest thing is, set realistic goals. Starting day one saying you're gonna lose 100 pounds is incredibly daunting. Have an ultimate goal in mind, but have stepping stones. 25 pounds, 50 pounds, 75 pounds, etc. Understand that you will stumble, and do not let one bad night of eating throw away weeks of work (I've done it in previous attempts myself). Don't try to flip your diet on its head day one. Focus on making better choices, instead of fries get that side Salad, instead of that regular burger get the turkey burger instead. Little changes go to long way! Also... You WILL hit plateaus. There were times I was killing myself in the gym and the scale wouldn't budge. Do not quit. The weight loss WILL come. Also, treat the gym like a job. We all wake up not wanting to go to work, but we still have to go. Don't treat it like something you can blow off. Soon enough you'll love working out. I promise.
Thanks for the reply.Growing up I was so athletic 
Than it all changed and I've been batteling this for a long time
Me not liking the way I look ruined my first marriage
When I talk to my ex now he's always like crystal I never realized how pretty you were
But 10 years of puttin someone down really affects you
I just had my second child 6 months ago
And I'm in a depressing state
I have a gym membership but I don't use it
I have a pool in the backyard and I don't use it (biigggggg pool)
I'm just so lazy and my problem is I want the results right away
If I don't see change in a few days I'm like ah fuck this
Now alot of people say it should be for you and it's about yourself and your mind set
I guess my problem is how do I change my mindset? Like I know what I want to do and how to do it
But why the fuck am I still on my lazy ass
That's inspirational, dude. 
You would look like tony soprano if you cut that silly little chin cap off. Seriously dude, grow a beard or don't...that shits got to go. Just trying to be helpful. 
As a huuuuge sopranos fan I'll take that as a compliment 
Do you blame your father for the baldness?
Can't complain, just the cards I was dealt lol
Head high solja. I don't know how many years I got til I go Mr Clean widit
That's what happens when you stop toasting with sandwiches...
Lmao! It's a Tecate in a paper bag down in rocky point. The policia are uber strict about that 
That's awesome man!  Post to . or ..  They would like to see this I bet.
Thanks for the suggestion! :-) 
Is there a diet to remove the 100 pounds of douche that you seem to possess?
:-) 
Hahaha exercising every other day and cutting out fast food and soda completely 
You should change your style....You look like a douchebag~
He's just got a little resting douche face (RDF). 
You're judging someone on how they look and calling them a douchebag. You're the one who seems like an ass.
Just wait until you realize what a difference a razor makes.
you somehow got a bit douchier...:D
Why don't you post a picture of yourself so we can see how much of a douche/hipster/asshole you are?
i'm neither. you'll have to take my word for it because for some strange reason i don't feel the need to prove anything to you:D also, this is not facebook.
CAT FIGHT!!!
I love how shitheads like you and many others in this thread are calling this guy a douchebag when you have no fucking clue what he's like in person..
If I posted something about 'always judging a book by its cover' you fucks would ultra-rage from behind your neckbeards, spewing cheetos all over your fucking anime porn.
i might have judged a book by its cover in this case but at least i'm not making stuff up like you do. cheetos? anime porn? i think you're seriously projecting...;)
That's not nice. 
Why is this the top comment?
i don't think he got douchier.  i just think that lost fat revealed more of the inner douche.  pappa roach called he wants his goatee back.  
[deleted]
i wish.  that sounds slightly cleaner and better paying than the job i have now.  
Good vandalism.
nephilim 
Why do I want to make sex to her? 

ugly bitch, 2/10, wouldn't bang.
  .  .  .  
Removed - Content stored on Facebook's servers is not allowed, per rule 3. Please host the image elsewhere and we'll reapprove the comment. 
Okay, the Facebook link has been removed. 
Thanks! Comment is reapproved.
links denied  however . .   Most of the pics are . <--------- <--------
upvoted after reading your username, helped me understand why you said it.
I find the most erotic part of a woman is the boobies.
To be fair, she's a celebrity, and no personal information would be on her public Facebook profile that we can't already find out by googling her name. But, rules are rules.
There's a lot of junk in your Dad's pockets..EDIT: craap...that's not his pocket.
That proves man walked with dinosaurs. ( and cameras were invented 60 million years ago)
This was before Photoshop so it's entirely real. Your dad just traveled through time to bang your mom in different ages didn't he? DIDN'T HE? 
OC's parents are Will and Holly Marshall: 

Nessie on the right 
10/10 would fossilize her vagina 
Your padre was a stud.
Are they wizards?
Nice picture. I ., if you're interested. 
Dads definitely a lickolottapuss
It's a shame those pesky humans got in the way. They're always ruining pictures for us dinosaurs.
By man you mean ..
Bill and Hillary?
Will and Holly?
They must have had an extra set of keys to the delorean from back to the future
Your dad is young Jon Bon Jovi?
OP, how did you not realize people were going to textually brutalize your mom?
Your dad is Jan-Michael Vincent?
70's boobs were different.
Your dad was packin'!
Your dads pants are so tight that I can see you in them.
 UggghhH! That's my mom!
;)
Land of the lost is a long time ago. 
Is your dad John Davison?
I think his dad's package is more interesting ITT
Love the subtle touch ups. 
Thanks. I literally just adjusted the color levels. Super easy to do, and by far the most practical thing I learned in the blow-off photography class I took senior year of high school. I'd really like to learn how to do better photo repair (e.g. how to get rid of the white spots in OP's photo) but I'm not really sure how to start. 
I know, right? Blinds were a definite upgrade.
Wow! Goodjob thanks!
Dad's got quite the basket
I do miss the days of tight jeans. 
Robert Plant.
Dad Dicks. Awesome. 
Is that a fucking pterodactyl in that background?! 
Oh, there is another one on the right side as well. Silly me.
Apatosaurus?
Loch Ness monster
Nessie is a gentle creature. We're trying to stay away from terms like 'monster'.
Clearly time travelers! 
thatsthejoke.jpg
I can think of a much better satisfaction than that, I tell you h'wat.
My boyfriend's mom could open those every single time, super fast so we couldn't see what she was doing. We would ask her how she did it and she would just laugh and laugh. Weird sense of humor, that one..She's always worked with animals and animal feed so she opens those types of bags constantly.
I had a bag of cat food that had an end like this. I laid it on it's side and opened it, and then remembered gravity was a thing so I had to pick up a bunch of spilled cat food.
What? I though the stitching was so the entire top would come off when you ripped it.
I haven't had a charcoal grill since my parents were together, they both use propane grills now. But whenever we did grill I remember being able tear these open pretty easily. So, grats I guess?
That's like finding Bigfoot at my house...
Those things should come in 12 packs as a stress reliever. Do you know how many times I've had to restrain from pulling a thread out of my shirt? ...approximately 30.
My dad tried to teach me how to do this once, I forget how to do it perfectly. I too also have a small chance of doing it perfectly and when I do, it is one of the greatest moments.
You should try seed bags for corn planters.  You get to do about 20 of those at a time every refill!  Damn seed tenders took away my enjoyment!  
I bet you felt like this afterwards 
Taste the meat not the heat!!!!
SO THATS WHAT THATS FOR
TIL: How to open my rice sacks.
How.
Why is it that coal bags are the only thing that sewn shut like that? I think I've never seen any other product packaged like that.
I cannot get those things to work consistently.  And it isn't for lack of trying...  We grill fairly often, so I'm opening bags of charcoal with some regularity.  We've got cats, and I'm opening big bags of litter with some regularity too..But most of the time that thread just doesn't work.  A couple stitches come out and it seizes.  Or it doesn't move at all in the first place..I'll try one side of the strip, then the other...  Then I'll try the other end of the bag....Then I'll just give up and rip the thing open.
No one likes a showoff... asshole!
That charcoal is shit. 
As a Redditor, I would expect you to have experience with cat litter.
When I was a kid, my parents raised rabbits (don't ask).  The bags of feed also had this stitching.  It was then that I discovered this magic.
Why did your parents raise rabbits?
To eat them.
Dude, gotta use Kingsford 
To be honest, when I first saw this I thought it was about a "special person" doing some sewing or something.
and bird seed
Grain bags are too.

That image is pure poetry.  Well put.
This is why I have cats..Also, a friend of mine has a bag stitcher. His life must me awesome.
I have about a 20% success rate.  I haven't been able to figure out what I do right/wrong each time.  Therefore, it's black magic.
I used to get dog food that was sealed like that. The BIG bags.
Yes, but with propane the real satisfaction is with clean tasting meat. 
Taste the meat, not the heat.
I've gotten bags of rice that was sealed this way as well.  And dog food, like someone else mentioned.  That's all I can think of.
My grandma taught me this little diddy to remember how to open the feed bags like this:
"Double thread on the left, on the side away from you."
If this works I'm gifting you gold.
Did your grandma have a catchy little visual aid to go along that?
I whipped up a quick one for you ., but if that is too crude: . does a nice job breaking it down..
Edit: Fixed my image
You have a lot of time on your hands and I am grateful for that.
I need to remember this.
did it work? I must know!
But I just opened that bag! Gonna have to wait until I use up all that charcoal...
Those things never work for me. I always end up ripping half the bag off.
Four times out of five, I do the same thing.  I haven't figured out how to open it correctly consistently.  That's why when I can tell I'm about to have a magic moment, I gather the kids and wife and everyone watches and applauds.
Does your family not own a TV?
They have bag-openings on TV?
Climbin' in yo windows..Backin' yo data up.
So Obama's watching Germans too?
the last line is:

Big Black Brutha is Motherfucking Watching Y'all
looks like an Archer character
Haha ... thats in Heidelberg, I see that every morning on my way to University
[deleted]
Anyone else thought the picture was of Nick Cage in the thumbnail? Just me?
And rest assured... He is. 
This poster simply shows that at least the Germans care more about their rights and privacy more than Americans. At least enough to make posters to protest..Like I said she found it. It's not like its been printed just 1 hour ago. It is not filled with "misinformation" but rather older information. 
Free Bradley Manning* (*with every purchase of a Chicken Mega Bucket & 4 sodas) but wait there's more: If you get 2 Chicken Mega Buckets we throw in a Free Julian Assange (That's a $1.50 value right there) .New today - order a nice Okroshka and we throw in a Free Edward Snowden. - You can't argue with a deal like that :)
There's an extra space before it says Julian. It upsets me.
I did.
ahhh I like your humor..!
Im going to watch some extra nasty porn tonight just in case.
We did it, Deutschland! The US and UK have LITERALLY collapsed, thanks to enlightened Europeans and their brave, labor-intensive protest movement in the form of this poster! If only those lazy fat Americans got off their obese asses and made a poster that changed nothing. 
Germany, the pinnacle of what every other country should strive to be. It's not like there have been any dark times in Germany's history. It's not like there was some sort of police force watching everyone and hauling them away for defying the government or anything. 
Oh you butthurt little imbecile, ancient history. The germans learned their lesson. Seems to me other nations have not..For instance, it baffles me to this day that after all that shit it took quite some time for your government to treat all people equally. As well as the fact that the United States, Great Britain and Russia are in essence ulta-nationalist countries compared to the germany of today. .Luckily enough and contrary to popular belief, the slackjawed, flag-waving tards in the U.S. are a (very, VERY loud) minority. At least in my experience..Shit, can't we all just overcome Nation States?.Well I guess it's "IT AIN'T NATIONALISM WHEN YOU'RE THE BEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD" for you, eh? .Tl;Dr: What you said in your first sentence + breathe through your nose
My government? If you mean the U.S., I'm not American. 
My apologies. Also for calling you names. That wasn't very cool.

Ah... But Americans do care! The problem is that this is the century where they think hitting 'like' on Facebook or signing an online petition justifies their contribution. They will merely protest from their couch while watching HBO and eating their double-down from KFC. Power to the people they will slur in their sleep; always ready to blame all of their problems on the current memorized president not realizing it was actually George Bush's administration that began the PRISM project.
Doesn't matter Obama continued it. He is in no way off the hook. 
Stop paraphrasing my life.
Me too.
right cause im gonna start taking advice from germans on how to stand up to your own government 
[deleted]
Edward is trapped in a Moscow airport with time running out and Assange is trapped in the Ecuadorian embassy in London.  If either of them leave they'll be arrested, extradited to the US and most likely be tortured like Bradley Manning.
Except that in Assanges case, it's all in his head. There is no actual threat of anything, except that Sweden wants him to stand trial for sexual assault. A charge which is entirely lawful.
Does it mean they are free? Freedom means more than just being out of custody. Their rights are null as citizens because they chose to speak out. Bless them.
Their rights are not null because they spoke out. It is because they did something illegal and are now evading the consequences.
Uh... You've been out of the loop for a long while... Manning has been in confinement for years. If I'm not mistaken he is just now is being heard in court..As for Assange and Snowden - not being in custody is not the same thing as being free.
I learned German in order to spy on Germany. 
If it's not easy enough to translate, the bottom reads "USA & UK are the new high-tech Stasi."
For your information: Stasi (Ministerium fr Staatssicherheit) was the secret police in the GDR that spied on its own citizens. Germans like to compare any kind of spying / wire-tapping to the Stasi.
So can we all be honest here... .Do you really think Germany is really not spying on foreign communications? Do you really think Germany doesn't spend time and money spying on its down domestic communications? Its nearly absurd to think a country isn't looking into everyone's business. True, Germany is likely not spending the same amount of money on it as the US, but its very likely happening and it just hasn't been revealed. .Big brother is here to stay, your stupid flyers aren't doing anything but littering the streets and paying Xerox's bills. 
Germany has an acute awareness of the possibilities that mass surveillance and spying produce. The Nazis were some of the first to keep detailed databases of where people live, what they did, their ethnicity and so on. They used other countries' census data to find and eradicate the Jews..As a result, all data on the population is meant to be kept decentralized by law..Eastern Germany was notorious for monitoring phone calls, bugging houses, breaking into your apartment and searching through your stuff and arresting you for your political beliefs. That memory is still very fresh for many..So naturally Germans care deeply about their privacy and rightfully so.
Germany is trying very hard to shake the perceptions it picked up in the WWII era. So yes I do believe that they weren't doing it. They were fighting hard to shake that image and politically they could have lost quite a bit..They don't need to spy anyway. They've fucked over the whole EU. Why would they bother?.Either way - it's not really important. What's important is that it's being done.
WHAT?! ... wait... WAT?!
Are you confused by what I said?
To be honest, it is you who seems a bit confused...
I already avoided making a Germany/WWII joke. So now you're just tempting me. .They may say they're not doing it, but if you're foolish enough to trust your government's secret agencies to be honest with you, then you can enjoy your ignorance. .Look, I like government. I'm not an anti-government cynic, I vote, I do my civic duty. But I know that there are different levels of government that have a sole purpose of spying. They're duty is to lie about what they're doing, and keep secrets. 
No, you're misunderstanding..They don't do it because they already got caught, and everyone is suspicious and they've finally started getting political clout again. But one slip-up and every EU meeting would start with someone making wisecracks about "Adolf Merkel" and people drawing Hitler moustaches on her face, and all their work trying to get the EU banks' money into Germany would be in jeopardy..With us... every political leader who has any clout probably gets a Hitler moustache drawn on him at some point in time.
I'm going to translate this post now:.Honestly, do you have anything to add to this discussion apart from this? This hardly resembles an argument.
I thought joking about Hitler was highly taboo there. Seems like it would be childish, idiotic, and possibly illegal to use such an extreme way of thinking. 
You mean in Germany?.Yes, it probably is, but the EU meets in Brussels. 
Precisely... the secret agencies got out of the "not allowed to spy on own population issue" rather simple: by exchanging what they found out about foreign nations with the agencies of said nation. I bet every sufficiently advanced nation has such a program to some extent...and all your little flyers will do is get you a little black mark in some little list. .The Stasi-comparison is actually rather funny: those east-german commies didn't even dream of this level of surveillance, having to make do with manual surveillance and informants. 
for a remark-less person you sure have alot to say PSYKE you have nothing to say sit down man

Any country with a stable internet connection is doing it.
If we (Germany) are spying on the US the feel fucking free to be outraged at us and make your government sent over somebody to get that straight. Honestly 1. Don't care about it 2. Stand up against it, but please stop with this "everybody does it excuse"..This is pretty stricly proteced by the constitution and the court has shut down several attemts to get around that, for example Germany still hasn't implemented the data retention laws the  EU is forcing them to implement. That's said no I don't think they do not do anything, but certainly not to the extent the US does and if it is revealed that they do something they aren't allowed then I'm going to stand up against that, too..If everybody thinks like you then yeah it's here too stay. But I still think that if you raise awareness, especially when there is and upcoming election and vote for the right parties you can make a difference.
What surprises me through this entire ordeal recently is that people are acting as if spying is a new thing. .All first world nations have been actively spying on each other and their citizens since before the first world war. Hell, FAR before that. Spying IS NOT NEW, its just evolved along with technology. Phone lines used to be tapped, bugs were put in rooms, informants were infiltrating groups. Its nothing new, just the methods have become much easier and allow for a broader sweeping scope. .And yes. Big brother is here to stay. Big brother has been here for some time, and will continue to be here. Its convenient for government. It allows for 'a higher level of security'. It creates jobs, it stimulates the economy, and it helps win/lose or alter elections. You can protest all you want, feel free to raise awareness, but in the end its not going anywhere. 
It good too see people have common sense about this stuff

Used a few dozen times. A joke compared to PRISM which records 200 connections in German every seconds.
You're an idiot if you believe that. Germany has an extensive domestic and foreign surveillance program, just like every other nation in the world that can afford one.
Just that if they had installed are trojan on 30000000 PCs in Germany that would have been notied within hours.
What outrages me through this entire ordeal recently is that people (like you) are acting as if governments spying on their poeple's most intimate parts of their lives isn't something to be outraged about..Honestly, I don't understand your point of view. The difference between a law abiding Democracy and a opressive totalitarian system is only how the data is used .!.How do you know today that in 5 years time you aren't part of a demographic targetted for deportation/termination/etc.? You can't!.Conclusion: Nobody should have that much data . about me. Period.
Germany does and has known about NSA for years now and has even used the data. .Obviously they found a way to circumvent your domestic spying laws by simply outsourcing it. 
Well, the article isn't very clear on what has or hasn't been known. The BND seemed to hove known that people in Yemen have been spied on (including Germans over there). If indeed there is a connection between our government organizations and the PRISM program within our borders (even if it was legal, given that there may be loopholes) I'm positive that the outcome in the coming election will change drastically. That would indeed warrant a major outrage. I care deeply about my privacy and I will hold my government accountable for it!
Too bad plans are already in the works to monitor the internet. 
Yes and these plans have been up for a long, long time. And its due to us keeping our representatives in check that every year new plans emerge and most of them keep on failing. Our representatives are trying to go the easy road as well. Our government isn't inherently better than any other one - that's why people need to hold it accountable.
Yes, Obama is responsible for Assange being under threat of extradition by the SWEDISH government. 
Julian Assange is a rapist.
We do not know that but that's what we need a legal process to determine. And right now Assange is blocking that process.
I guess as much as dsk
Sweden wants to send him to the US. Manner up
well, sort of. He would have faced the sex charges but Sweden can't guarantee safety from the U.S, which is why he is in Ecuado
So he gets away with assault? I hope he's having a fucking horrible time at the embassy with his lung condition. 
what actually happens in an embassy? Is it like a hotel? or is it like crashing at a buddy's place, with them constantly asking you to chip in for food or find a job?

Ecuadorian Embassy, in London.
Shit. That's what I meant
Because to make such a guarantee is pretty much a violation of their constitution.
Sweden has extradition agreement with the USA like most western countries. And he will only be handed over if certain criteria's are met. But USA has not made any extradition request for Assange so they cannot make any official promise on a hypothetical request. That would be unlawful and illogical and set a very strange predicate.
He also requested that they not extradite him to the Klingons.
If countries stuck to their Constitution, Snowden wouldn't have anything to blow the whistle on.
Except that it was all legal and constitutional. According to the Terms and Services of those companies, they are allowed to monitor what you do. The government requested, not ordered, that these files be released to them. The companies agreed. Snowden signed an agreement not to disclose this information, not because it was illegal, but because it would ruin the entire purpose of collecting the information, to try to find patterns that could lead to new ways to stop major crimes. He then broke this agreement. Arguing that the U.S. government was unconstitutional in this regard is like saying that if you give permission for the police to search your home, they broke the law.
No, it isn't, because we didn't give them permission.
Wow. I hate you.  You are such an apologist. You're prob on the govt payroll 
well, legal is such a shitty measurement. Most of the Atrocities of mankind were legal in their legal system. .edit: it's nice to hear your logical arguments instead of just downvotes.
Much fewer of those atrocities had the citizens' signature attached to them.
Sure, but the thread was about Assange and Sweden.
And then you brought up their Constitution, and then I brought up how these days governments think of that as just some old piece of paper.
Right but I was pointing out to the ignorant people that they can't make any such guarantee because it would be a violation of Sweden's constitution. So from your attitude I assume you want them to offer such a guarantee, which would be a violation of the constitution. Yet at the same time you are bemoaning some government's lack of respect for their own. So which is it you want, do you want a government to follow it, or throw it out the window?
No, I'm not saying they should violate it. Honestly I haven't followed the Assange thing in a long time. I'm just saying - these days that's no guarantee it won't happen.
Well in this case if they tried to make such a guarantee, it would be a pretty massive violation. Like on the same scale as Congress or the supreme court ordering the United States military to invade Cuba. It just can't fundamentally happen.
Hey me too 

The yolks on you!.-Chicken
I didn't see the pan at first and thought you were cooking directly on top of a glass top stove.  I'm not a very smart
The 'egg factories' can easily spot these double yolkers, as well as any other defective eggs, by holding them up to a light. It's all done by machines and cameras these days. The double yolked eggs are picked out and sold separately, usually to restaurants.
Not this fucking shit again
double sunny side up!
they call him the angel of deathfast
I died a little inside. I love double yolkers.
most probably that whole carton is double yolk, got it twice myself
I dont think this is a actually good good thing, with egg manupulated genetically 
Go buy a lotto ticket and see if you can get some more luck.
Cast iron. Nice move.
That's a nice black on that cast iron. I want a skillet that black. 
Why would you crack the second egg?
If you wanted two eggs, and the first one was a double, why would you crack a second egg?
Why are your eggs spreading so much in your pan? 
I hit 5/5 double yolks one time. The dozen ended up having 10/12 that were double yolks. I guess I should have taken some pictures of it.
No way this happened, clearly OP is a yokester
Hey guys!  Did you know this is like 7,856,234,345:1 odds of this happening twice from the same package?!?!?!?
tasty little chicken twins
You opened a third, right? Just to see?
That's a double-double! You must be on the West Coast?
 would appreciate this
One year for Easter we ended up dying a whole carton of double-yolked eggs. It made Easter 
My daddy-o buys these double yolk bad boys straight from the farm. 

Does that look like shy guy or something to anyone else?
You must have bought the extra-large eggs. All mine were twins. Every single egg had twins. 
I would say it turned out over easy. 
Fake and gay. 
try your luck at running across the freeway OP!
Mmm steroids...yummy!
GMO.
TIL chickens can have twins in the same egg
Am I the only one that saw Jawas before noticing the double yolks?
I want to believe.
So, are double yolk eggs basically two eggs per egg?
Binary yolks make me happy
as someone that only likes egg whites, this would irritate me.. if I bought regular eggs.
I'd crash a burning bus full of nuns into an orphanage for a breakfast like that.
I feel like your eggs are cancerous.
and now you have cancer...
Fuck you, next thing you'll show us is your pound of bacon box really had six pounds in it...at which point I will weep tears of bacon jealousy 
I am not a professional, but you might find it easier to cook eggs in a smaller frying pan.
Such a stupid post Op,  why is this popular..... 
Wait a minute...this isn't Instagram!
I find the lack of bacon concerning 
Great Breakfast place in Chicago called Lou Mitchell's uses double yolk eggs
I once bought a 6 pack of regular eggs, all of them turned out double yolk...
Two eggs one shell
and old wives tale used to be that if you got a double yolker your wife would soon be pregnant.
We used to get eggs from a feed store all the time instead of a grocery store. Not only were they all huge, most if them had double yolks. 
Does anyone else see two ghosts, one with the other in a headlock?
Holy shit... holy shit.. HONEY! HONEYY!!!!! GET THE CAMERA!!!!!!  .HONEY!!!!  .-What, what is it?  .Thanks. *click*  .(Wife all tired) reddit again?  .(All excited) Yes!  
er'body loves a double-yolker!
Because three delicious yolks are better than just two delicious yolks.  OP either lucked out and go an extra one for the second egg...or OP is trying to trick us for Karma.  .Either way - Delicious egg yolks. 
Eggs. The perfect food, because they come with their own gravy.
You can have 1 karma. 
I love when things are buy one, get one free!
My first thought was that he'd dropped the carton and managed to smash a couple of eggs on his stovetop.
Extra cholesterol for you. I'm sure you could use it, too.
Yeah I got greedy. One yolk :(
And..... TWINS!
4 servings of fat for the price of 2! Lucky...
I would call that a bad morning, hate the yolk part..
And show me sources how egg cholesterol is good for you please
I don't always eat eggs, but when I do...
Death by yolk cholesterol.
dietary cholesterol does not translate into body cholesterol any more than eating liver makes you grow a liver.
A pun thread what eggactly what I was hoping for..With my luck though, I'll just get downvoted. Then the yoke will be on me.
240% of your daily cholesterol in two easy steps! - Would you like to know more?
Don't worry, I thought this too!
Is this some kind of elaborate practical yolk?
antibiotic mutations

Can't be that great... I don't even see bacon!
My girlfriend has a superstition that if you eat these, you get conjoined twins. 
I have worked in kitchens off and on for 15 years; I have never seen this.
He bought a double yolk carton. Some super markets sell them. 
Everything's coming up sunny side up for you!
 
TWINS, BASEL!
how do you feel about twins?
I enjoy twins. I forgot about the twins that come from the same egg. I was only thinking about the two egged twins. hmm. It appears I have been bested. 
I kinda agree but I figured reddit would eat this shit up. I was amused. 
This article is rubbish. Apparently my odds were 1:100,000, which I find highly unlikely! 
O.O
That cast-iron pan reminds me of my childhood and pancakes. 
And then you fucked it all up by putting the eggshells back in the carton. Fuck you OP.
You're yoking!
i couldnt eat that 
Not for your heart.
Dolly Parton's 
Double yolks mean you're going to have twins.  In this case, you will have 2 sets! Congrats!
TIL:  I have the same stove as OP, but I don't treat mine like a karma whore.
Thats baaaaaaaaaaad juju brotha. I do NOT eat double yolk eggs- they creep me the fuck out. And you got TWO IN A ROW!!!! House haunted for sure.
A cracking start to anyone's day
On boxing day last year I cooked 8 eggs 6 of which were double yolks, it was a Christmas miracle
The empty shells look obviously larger than the smaller eggs in the pack. So you've gotten both kinds and put the double yolk shells in the regular egg carton?
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOW THAT IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOO INTERESTING! I AM SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AMAZED!
How is this a good thing?.Yolks are like the worst part of an egg. Taste like garbage.
It's not natural
Wasn't the mirrored version already posted 
As someone who's currently cutting, that would ruin my whole day.
Chicken baby killer!
I call bullshit.
Your' THAT guy that puts the shells back in the box..     Dammit all 
You know how much cholesterol is in those bad boys? Egg whites fo life.Edit: TIL reddit doesn't understand the benefits of limiting cholesterol and that 4 eggs in one day is too much. Lol
If you are healthy, it's recommended that you limit your dietary cholesterol to less than 300 milligrams (mg) a day.
If you have cardiovascular disease, diabetes or a high low-density lipoprotein (LDL, or "bad") blood cholesterol level, you should limit your dietary cholesterol to less than 200 mg a day.
One large egg has about 186 mg of cholesterol  all of which is found in the yolk. Therefore, if you eat an egg on a given day, it's important to limit other sources of cholesterol for the rest of that day. 
What a stupid misconception. 

The cholesterol in eggs is fine for you. Even good for you. Of course you can't eat 10 eggs a day or anything like that, but whole eggs are a healthy addition to most diets.
Go read a nutrition label in eggs and cholesterol. Then multiply by 4. Tell me that's good for you and ill assume you know nothing of eating well
Google HDL and LDL. 
Go get some lottery cards OP!
Or really bad if you only wanted whites.
He could have just bought a carton of double yoked eggs. There have been a few posts about double egged yokes and people say you can just buy them like that. 
I've found it happens in brown eggs more.  We have had at least 4-5 cartons this year yield double yolks buying grade AA Large free-range eggs..One carton had 6 double yolks.  We thought the world was going to end.
Yeah but I just learned about those myself. However, now I know how to get some egg karma in a pinch. 
I'm willing to believe. I got a carton full of double-yolked eggs that looked exactly the same as a regular carton.
Then he should just go buy a carton of winning lottery tickets, duh. 
Dietary cholesterol isn't related to serum levels of cholesterol. So a "recommended daily value" doesn't really make much sense. Cholesterol in the blood is self-regulated by HDLs..EDIT: So it's really other underlying problems affecting function of HDL and other lipoprotein molecules that causes high cholesterol.
[deleted]
It's really unsanitary.
To be sure, I did not buy double yolk eggs. I just learned about those today. .I assure you there's no fowl play here. 
Hey now, no need for chicken shit excuses OP, we're on to you...
I'm sure if you get questioned you'll crack under the pressure...
up vote for using cast iron
Up vote for upvoting cast iron. 
How about you just post a picture of the cartons label? Which..you won't. 
nobody saw it OP, but what you did there, i saw it.
It was so obvious that everyone saw it and thought to themselves "Hey, this is so obvious that there is no need to mention it.".Except you. You mentioned it. 
We'll see what . has to say!
Oh god. I learn about one unsettling subreddit per day. 
 is only unsettling if you have something to fear..
LAWYERED!
It will suck tomorrow when both your eggs don't have yolks..edit: Is donts knows hows tos spells
Return to the mean
*yolks
yea.. 
This is real? Why is my area deprived of such magical things?! 
Never knew it till i saw it on Reddit but you can buy double yolk eggs.. 
Do you know if this is just a USA thing or are they available everywhere?
I like dipping the black pudding in the egg yolk so this way I can have twice as much black pudding. It's a win win.
TIL you can buy double yolk eggs.
I think they can tell based on the weight of the egg but the supermarkets commonly reject them. Personally I think they are amazing. One time during breakfast after having already cracked a fair few double yolks my sister got a triple yolked egg! 
They "candle" each egg that is packaged by shining a light through it to determine how many yolks are in it.
In the grocery stores here, you can buy "supersize eggs" and it says on the carton something along the lines of "70% chance of double yolks".
Is this 'Murrica, again?.I'm jelly, now.
Nah, Canada.
I think they shine light through the eggs to detect double yolk, embryos, T-rexes and whatever they don't want to ship to the stores.
You're right. I've work for a company packaging eggs and that's the way it's done.
What do you do with those containing T-rexes?
Ship them to Isla Nublar?

Momma cooked this. 
... a breakfast with no hog.
I open this photo and someone on Mumble says "Yo mama" randomly. That weird feeling..
I got mah grub on...
Today was a good egg.
I upvoted this 4 hours ago but now I get it. 
You're gonna have to explain this one for me. I'm a little high, you see.
.
It was a good day.
Sorry to burst your bubble but you probably bought double yolk eggs. Yes, that is a thing.
Next thing you know, someone'll say seedless watermelon is a thing. 
Might just be me, but the 2 used shells look alot larger than the other.
I suspect a second box on 2 yolk eggs is nearby
You could have bought 2 packs, put two in the pan and throw the shells away and then cracked 2 more and put them back in the cart.
I dunno... there's a separate carton section for double-yolk eggs. About 1/3 of the jumbo eggs have 2 yolks in the normal packages.
We bought a carton that was not double yolk eggs, and had all but two that were double yolk. It was pretty amusing.
i had an egg with 3 yolks once, we thought it was going to have 4 because it was so big. The guy that sold me the eggs said his chicken was walking funny after laying that one
How come I've never heard of such sorcery
eggs are sorted by weight. 
Didnt think of that thought OP had a good day by not breaking the yolk. 
I'm just wondering who puts the egg shells back in the carton. Is that a thing?
I do it because I live in an apartment and if I throw the shells in the trash it stinks up the whole place, so I do this until all eggs are used and then throw away the carton & egg shells in the outside dumpster.
I do this when I'm finishing off a carton, easier clean up. Seems really weird to do it in a full carton, though...
My husband does it. It drives me crazy. 
I discovered that it kept all former roommates from stealing my eggs because they found it repulsive.
Thank christ, I feel like every double yolk post that comes up, I go to comments and everyone is blown away and misses my comment explaining.
Really?.I was once so excited to get a whole 18 pack of double yolk eggs. I had never seen one in real life, and I have never since. All 18 eggs were doubled though..I would buy double yolk eggs every time if they sold them in my grocery store.
Ya this happened to me as well with all twelve eggs. I checked the package and they were supposedly regular. Mix up when packaging I assume. 
Buy free range unsorted eggs. It happens with he larger eggs but not so often that it loses the buzz of cracking a "double yolker"
Just so they don't egg up the counter. Then I toss them. 
Post more pictures of this now showing the others aren't double yolk, or feel my puny internet wrath faggot OP
But then they egg up the carton...
Exactly right, they egg up the carton and if your carton isn't designed too well, the egg seeps under the other eggs, creating an egg-based solvent that ends up cracking your eggs when you try to pick them up due to egg solvent x egg gravity = egg force.
Get outta heah
Get the shell outta here
I feel like OP already knew that. He bought them for a reason. A karmic reason.
Akarmic reason
so lame its undoubtedly true
why copy other people's comments made 4 hours earlier?
why are you responding 1 hour later?
because i can't be expected to respond to you in 1 second. 
so somewhere between 1 and 4 is the magic spot for you?
[deleted]
That's only two eggs.  Perhaps you misheard me, I'd like ALL the eggs you have.  
I know what I'm about, son.
I've got a delivery for OP; it's a bundle of sticks tied together.
I see what you did there.
OP themselves?
OPception.
[deleted]
So you couldn't just upvote him?
I agree with u/joopaapo. you should just upvote.
Thanks man. I appreciate it. You know what? I'll probably upvote you because i appreciate it so much.
[deleted]
I don't think you understand. Thats ok though, one of these days it just may click.
Bees! Bees everywhere!.Why would you bring me here, you're supposed to protect me! Arrrgghhhh!
HA!!! Good thing they didn't suffer from allergies!
DAE see a dragon head?
I just upvoted a picture of a rock.  I'm good with that.
It's a damn fine looking rock as well as a nicely done photograph.
Agreed.  That rock is certainly superior in quality
Lovely lines and texture.
bucokke
Lesson learned! Never look into a hole.
exactly, only finger them
can I put my fist in?
no gay boy
I once ejaculated to Trayvon Martin's elementary school photograph 
big woop
here... 
Downvote.because that's store brand cola, not coke 
I actually prefer the taste of store brand over name brand.
And how his future girlfriend will feel.....when she drops Mentos into a Diet Coke.
That little girl in the back has a huge penis.
TIL that Diet Coke and Mentos makes a massive fountain. 
The baby sitting on the ground has a big weiner hanging out.
You should post this to ..
ants
Can I get a liter cola?
No farva .....no
what a dumbass
same thing happens when you stick a wooden chopstick in a 600 mL Pepsi max and stir. 
Jole! Clicker!
Why diet coke.  Because diet is gross.
I cannot wait to have a family so I can show them this. And so many other cool things. I'm going to blow their minds every single day. Or atleast I want to.
*diet cola.Those better be menthos and not generic brand scotch mints OP! 
What a cheap way to do something awesome.
You mean diet cola an mentus
That's diet COLA, .Thank you,.Coca-Cola Legal Team
Why hasn't coke and mentos done an advertising thing like Doritos and Pepsi yet? Or have they and I'm just stupid?
so is it kroger or krogers. i feel bad saying krogers but kroger just sounds so wrong.
HahahahahahahahahaSUCKER!!!
Looks like he's bathing his head into that bubbly warm soda.
wait a minute! That's not Diet COKE!
Science without safety glasses/goggles? What is this?
Has anyone tried drinking a whole bunch of diet cola and then immediately swallowing a mentos? I haven't. Just wondering. 
Dat coke drank.
He is blind now.
he's blind now
Diet cola*, cheap bastards lol
The same thing will happen to him in a not so different way in about 10 years
Science bitch!
My diagnosis...bad babysitting! Where the the goggles?!
My thoughts when seeing this, Why haven't I tried this yet?
Was expecting little boy viscera spewed all over the place. 
I dub this piece "Timmy's very first facial"
Beat me to it
Dude.
I wonder what would happen if you shoved a roll  of mentos up your ass followed by a diet coke enema?.Food for thought

Did you know? If you mix Diet Coke and Mentos, you're retarded.."Sweety McFizzy Pop Go Magic!"
Also relevantish:
If you read it backwards it's about that guy's dad being turned into a mento.
You realize you are personally responsible for a new epidemic of emergency department visits?
Gotta find new ways to make the ER staff laugh themselves sick, I guess.
I was just trying to create the concept of anal refreshment
a new epidemic of . emergency department visits.FTFY
I BELIEVE THAT IS DIET SODA SIR, NOT DIET COKE. 
Ugh. Came here to say this and found that damn GEORGE ZIMMERMAN HAS THE SAME SENSE OF HUMOR AS ME.
guessing from the downvotes people have found you guilty of a bad comment
That would presume people know humor.
THAT'S DIET BIG K . COLA SIR, THANK YOU. 
Calling it pop: you should receive your Midwesterner membership card in about 4-6 weeks.
I love when people repost pictures of my nephew
Let his folks know he is flipping adorable. This picture is perfect. 
i wish he was my nephew. i wish i had a nephew. 
Dad here. Thanks!
The original OP and the dad both in this post? I love it! Hope it didn't hurt the guy too bad!
Ha, he was fine. He closed his eyes in time. I must admit it's kind of a trip seeing this pic show up all over the internet.
Meh, as long as OP doesn't claim the photo as theirs, I don't mind.
Agreed, its just a strange sensation to see your own nephew on page 3 or 4 or ...17 of reddit
I found it .. Cool shot!
I wouldn't call that a once in a lifttime shot.
If you find an image in some generic "THE TOP X PICS OF ALL TIME" gallery, it's been posted to reddit before.
Wtf is up with . ?
description says "Baby Canada geese leave the nest for the first time.".Firstly gees nests on the ground and secondly, those chicks weren't old enough to fly. Did some sick bastard throw them?
They're mandarin ducks. 
Cool! I'll check it out. Thanks.
A Lonely Island

Looks like a bride stood in front of it.
that tree looks like it somehow sprouted legs and said "Fuck this I'm out"
Very cool!  This inspires me to go diving.
How heavy is the Megalodon tooth? I went to a museum in Cleveland this summer with a Megalodon exhibit. It was very cool.
nice dollar, things almost as big as a shark tooth. 
why are you using a megalodon tooth to scale the dollar bill?


Holy crap you found a perfect dollar bill in the ocean?! Dude keep looking, you could become rich!!
hey you found a dollar! good for you
The ocean is like another galaxy.
Pfff. I used to find those on the beach.
I never knew Cthulhu had teeth.
ill buy it off of you.  seriously. 

...FUCK
Bonus - its mildly radioactive. 
No way, you found a dollar the size of a megaladon tooth!
To think that that next biggest tooth probably belonged to a white shark.....good lord


how did it fossilize while still being in the ocean???
IT BELONGS IN A MUSEUM! 

No way! You found a dollar?
You found a dollar in the ocean? 
Cooooool a dollar
It's probably sad that I got excited over the quarter first.

Octo-shark
Well, since megalodons are extinct, I'd say you don't have much to worry about
$1.25!? That is, by far, the best SCUBA find I have seen all day!
There is a location in Bakersfield California called shark tooth hill that is littered with aquatic fossils. People find Megalodon teeth there from time to time. 
Are you a dentist as well? It looks like you took the big tooth from Godzilla.

I'm not paleontologist but I think megalodon is dead.
Ha right when I opened this a Shark Week commercial played on my tv. 
The Kaiju are coming.
Wow that is enormous. I actually did that dive about a month ago! Unfortunately I didn't find any nice megalodon teeth (just part of one). Though I did find some nice lemon shark teeth. I made a necklace for my sister out of one of them: .This makes me want to go back out and try again! :)
Very cool!
What's up with all those other objects?

is that a megalodon tooth??

You found an intact one dollar bill, that's awesome!
Where did you find it? Were you looking just for shark teeth or was it a surprise when you found it?.Amazing.

Since dollar bills are common objects we don't need the tooth for scale 
nope nope nope nope.......
That's a . tooth. My boyfriend bought me one for our anniversary ... how romantic? 
I got that bitch a tooth... Bitches love teeth.
Don't worry, the extinct . aren't going to hurt you.

Yup. Pretty much exactly why I stay the hell outta the ocean.
upvote for username
WOO!
Don't be scared. The shark that owned that tooth has been dead a long time.
how did you find a dollar bill in that condition? and why did you think a megalodon tooth would be a good thing to show scale?! 
How is that dollar not wet?
Ctrl-F ., disappointed...
That's the smallest $1.25 I've ever seen.

Your best scuba diving find was a dollar? You need to find a better hobby. And we know how big a dollar is, you don't have to show it to scale!
Damn, nature, you skeeeeery....
I found this thing in Corpus Christi a couple weeks ago. I assume its some kind of tooth. I collect shells and beach treasures and figured this would be a good time to ask if anyone could identify it. 

You found a greenback while diving?
If you got bitten clean in half by one of those mofos how long would it be until you were dead. What if you were swallowed? Would you just slowing dissolve in stomach acid?
You'd probably drown before you dissolved in stomach acid..If you were bit in half underwater you wouldn't really last long enough to ask yourself this question
im going to try my best not to meet one of these fellows
I don't even think a Megaladon can even bite you. Megaladons are like the size of a Blue Whale, by the time the jaws are open, I'm pretty sure you would get sucked in by the vacuum before he can even take a bite at you. 
Avoid time machines and you'll be fine.

That dollar bill is tiny! Great find.
Damn that is scary. Look at that plaque build up.
How in the world did you find a crisp dollar bill at the bottom of the ocean?? That is some scary stuff
The elusive dollar bill..very rare find! Like how you used shark teeth to show its true size!
Megaladon!!.I've loved marine paleontology since i was a kid..Love megaladons. largest canivore to ever exist
FYI that's a Megalodon's tooth, basically the great white's great great grandfather who was alot bigger.
I found one of those in my backyard in Minnesota after the sharknado last night. 
That is a megladon tooth... Don't worry its been dead since the Cenozoic era

That is bigger than the one they let me hold in the Smithsonian. I also wonder where you were to find it. You might want to call Smithsonian and offer a donation in your name. What a collection piece! 
Found it in Venice Florida. Because of this posts response I'm going to have it looked at by professionals and get guidance

I want a tooth sized dollar!
My friend, that is a tooth from a Megalodon Carcharocles. It is extinct. When it was alive it got to the size of Greyhound Bus. Maybe larger. It made Jaws look like a guppy. It became extinct around 10,000 years ago. It's an amazing find, it's the biggest tooth i've seen.

Someone please make a funny reference to Pacific Rim. 
You should totally make a necklace out of it and wear it out. It would make a decent conversation starter.
Flav-A-Flav Style
Dude imagine if you went to an ATM and, when it went to give you your money, it just started spitting out Megalodon teeth instead. That would be pretty sweet, but I'd rather have my $20's instead.


How much would something like this be worth?


Is that a 1965 quarter? 

The majestic sea dollar. A wonderful beast. Truly.
I have never in my life been more envious.  
There needs to be a banana for scale, I just don't understand your measuring units.
These teeth can actually be worth quite a bit of money... 

Damn, I need to make better use out of my SCUBA certs.  
That thing had to weigh a ton

Oh hell yeah! A crisp dollar bill!
We all know how big a dollar bill is. Why the need for other objects around it?
What is this? A dollar for ants?
Donate that tooth to a Museum Bro 

Imagine if we could clone these creatures, it would be half terrifying and half amazing..Anyway freaking awesome find OP also I'm loving how active you are in this thread :D
It'd be like Jurassic park, but Jeff Goldblum would need a scuba tank

Oceans are scary because of fossil teeth?
I'm afraid now. And yeah I definitely just pulled a dollar bill out of my wallet to double check my horror. 
My grandparents use to live in Venice, so I've been there 4 or 5 times. My dad, brother, and I use to go out in knee-deep water and pretty much stand there for a couple hours with shifters, collecting as many shark teeth as possible. Last time I checked, there were just mason jars full of them in random places in our house (living room shelf, bathroom, garage, mom's school). As long as you have some patience and the time, it's pretty rewarding. Makes going to the beach more than playing in the water... we actually went shark-tooth hunting!
Measured: . or .P.S.  The measurements made with 
Measure from tip of the tooth diagonally to the longest point

I just pulled out a dollar to get perspective. I'm never going in the ocean again 

Where did you go scuba diving to find a dollar? I think the megalodon tooth is way cooler. Everyone knows how big a dollar is
Damn, you made it to my front page twice. Good work. 
Magic
That's some really tiny money!
Been wanting my certification forever...
I found a tooth about half the size of the large one you found in a dried up river bed near dinosaur valley state park in Texas while at summer camp one year when I was 11. It looked exactly like a shark tooth. Maybe it was just a rock and 11 year old me just wanted to believe but it would be cool to find out that tooth fits the description of what could have been there. 

I can't believe you found a dollar!.I started diving because I wanted to find treasure, too.  Maybe one day...
All that diving and you only find a buck twenty-five.
You found a dollar?!  Cool.
Woah! You found a whole dollar? Damn, lucky guys get all the cash.
Is this some kind of joke? Where's the banana for comparison? How are we to know the size relative to other objects? Get a grip, man.


Because of dead fish?
That's a cool dollar you found, bro!
I honestly thought you meant the money from the thumbnail.
Holy shit you found a dollar!
Thats a big dollar!
We need a banana for scale.
Ahhh the good ole megaladon tooth :D 
Hard to believe the tooth fairy would only give 1.25 for such a large tooth. 
Yeah, question...how the fuck often do you see sharks....and what do you do?.I'd freeze.

Nope. Nopenopenopenopenope.
Those aren't teeth... right?
God damn I'm so glad there aren't any Megalodon's alive still (that we know of)
I won't accept any object for scale except for bananas.
Damn, that dollar bill looks pretty crisp to be found scuba diving O_o
Where did you go scuba diving to find a dollar?
Mother of god! That dollar is huge!
Is this a megalodon tooth?

*were scary. these are prehistoric. 
That's a nice rock there
I heard stories of Phosphate miners finding Megladon Teeth while mining here in central Florida..  Pretty rad.

can I get a banana for some true scale 
I'm sorry, but I'm going to need a banana for scale.
Wow, I never realized a $1 bill is as small as a shark tooth!
Kiaju!
You found one dollar!
Wow! A tiny dollar bill!
OOH COOOL!
What is it?

I always found it strange the GRRM described the dragon teeth as looking like dark glass, but it makes sense now.
A megladon tooth!! I own a back tooth of one of those beasts

I need Unidan to tell me more, but I am unsure how to mention him...
Megalodon were SO badass
OMG that dollar bill you found is as big as a shark tooth!
It belongs in a museum!

OP found a fossil

There is a creek in northern MS that has a lot of fossilized Meg teeth. Always fun to waste a day there. Congrats on the big guy.

Where?

AMA on diving???  I'd love to hear more diving stories!  Tell us more stories!
I'm not a good enough diver to do an AMA. Just a lucky find
Expertise has nothing to do with it.  Experience does.  You jumped on a bull shark!  That's enough!
For non-US redditors: . 
Even better.  Measured:.P.S.  The measurements made with 

What's the longest slant length on the big tooth?
a shade over 7-1/16th inches


Nothing quite like diving in the Oligocene....
Nice! I've never been diving for these, but I found some ~4" fossilized teeth in areas where the river bed has been dredged up. It's rare to find them fully intact, but much easier to spot while walking along - especially after a hard rain. My best find is actually a 5" spearhead though. 
A friend of mine used to pick up Mastadon teeth like that.
People interested in diving and finding stuff, should read .  It's totally awesome...
A really good read
You wouldn't happen to be Boba the Fett would you? I've heard about you and your jets, not to mention your vett.
Damn now I have to change my reddit acct
I'm glad someone else noticed. MC Chris style. Maybe take the role of a shark and enjoy some tasty faces.
This is why I swim in pools../That and the fecal greaseballs.
that is one cool rock man!
Between the tiny thumbnail and dollar bill, I swore I was opening an image of some sort of rotten g-string.
I love collecting shark teeth. That massive Megalodon tooth is beautiful! I have one that is about an inch shorter than that. I would love to have a tooth that big hanging on my wall.
I was about to pull out a dollar to see exactly how big that is, but then I remembered I'm broke.
It's not really worth anything, but you can have my upvote.
Someone just left a megalodon tooth sized dollar down there?

You're just trying to show off how much cash you have.
It's true :(
where were you diving? and what are you certified as?
Was diving at Venice Beach, Florida.  I was SSI Certified as just a regular Open Water Diver. .Mind you I found this around 1998

badass ocean dollar man
nice a dollar
How much do you think it weighs?
Just checked.  About 1.6lbs

Dang I wish that . could find quarters when scuba diving.
Ancient quarter hunting grounds.
Neat, I have a 5" Megaladon tooth that was found just 20 minutes North of OP's. 
This was found after Sharknado.

I wish I could go scuba diving and find a dollar bill.
I think you found the tooth of Sharknado.
Yo, but megalodons are extinct.
You found a dollar in the ocean?!
A sand dollar
that George Washington is scary! Look at his hair

Clicked on thumbnail expecting some lacy stripper panties but instead was pleasantly surprised to find a huge shark tooth.
Nice, great find. You do realize that an average megalodon tooth is worth a nice bit of cash, right? 
Well aware
As a NOCAL abelone diver the megladon tooth makes my butt pucker. The guy that showed me the ropes of the sport told me "You're never gonna see the shark that gets ya, so relax."
The dollah bill be so crisp.
damn nature u scary!
Woah $1.25 that's awesome I should scuba dive
how did the dollar stay so dry? That's the important questions because you know everything i wash my jeans and there are a couple bills in the back pocket they come out looking like crap.
What's so scary about finding $1.25 and some rocks?
The scariest thing about the oceans is how quickly they are dying.
OP. I require you to fashion a handle and turn that tooth into a tomahawk..Also, props for answering more posts that the average AMA.
lol, I didn't really intend for it to be an AMA, I just like answering people's questions.  . is on of my favorite subs :-p
Megalodon?
yessir
Are these artifacts from an alien spaceship?
Godzilla's kids must be losing their baby teeth
Can't believe u found such a nice dollar. Looks like a pretty good size one too
Yeah, and in decent condition

Before I read the comments, I thought you had found an old bike seat.
A very old bike seat
Megladon teeth. You can also find these sifting through mud/dried up creek beds etc. around Florida.
You find some gorgeous fossils there
You really do, my buddy has some HUGE ones, and a ton of very perfect smaller ones. His goal is to get enough to open up a museum about it, or something to that effect. .He also has some that have been struck by lightning as well, I forger what it's called, I think it's something like Fulgurite..Edit: missed a word.

Yes

When I found it I actually thought it was a rock.  I picked it up to look underneath it for smaller teeth.  I almost put it back down and moved on but right before I did, I took a look at it and I freaked out a little. 
By freaked out a little do you mean race to the top of the highest skyscraper?  Because, you know, no sharks.  
i did one of those silly underwater gasps that you see in movies when people scuba diving are surprised..Like "eyes go huge and lots of bubbles"
Like when Hooper finds Ben Gardner?
MFW OP found a dollar and a quarter and uses shark teeth for scale.

I always thought MFW was "man for woman" like if you're looking for a hookup on Craigslist.  What does it mean in this context?
I have always thought it was for, "mother fucking word".  
Sounds like a former 4chan user still stuck in habit.  You usually write "MFW" and link a picture, to what you represent your face to be.  >.>
It doesn't mean male for female ?
You're thinking M4F
That's probably what I was originally thinking, too.
"My Face When..."
And they said Sharknado was fiction...

I'm a laaaaaaaaaady. 
. 
How you doin?
Not too bad, how you doin?
Hey dude, i saw this and it reminded me of my hawaii dive. this is my set of 
I'm not 100% certain about these measurements, but if you can get take a photo of the tooth next to a banknote (any currency should do), I can get you better measurements. :).P.S.  If you do, do you mind me using the photo for .?  I'll measure the photo regardless, but am always looking for interesting pics.


Very cool, Nice quality teeth!
Thanks man!

Good.  Getting tons of karma for my tooth. 
It's quite a chopper.

Get to da choppah!
GO AHEAD! KEEEL MEEE! DOO EEET!

WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOOA

What a beautiful find..Megalodon was an incredible fish, it's kind of rare to find their teeth at all as like modern day sharks the only part of the shark that is bone are the teeth and jaws, the rest if the body is flesh or cartilage and their bodies sink when they die, it was fairly common for the bodies to rot and be eaten by other marine life and the teeth to be buried or lost over time..You were very lucky, was the tooth still sharp at all?

Most of the enamel is gone from tumbling in the Gulf Stream 
Ah, that's a Shame..One in a while if they are buried and undisturbed they can be found with their serated edge fairly intact but admittedly that's quite rare, just finding the tooth itself is a wonderful find.
Yeah the only thing that makes me upset about it is the lack of enamel. Otherwise it's a huuuuuuge find
Seems somewhat akin to catching a rare pokemon, but not a shiny rare pokemon. The grass is always greener.
I think this would be more like catching a shiny pokemon, but not one with the best stats.
The tooth fairy just got a boner

I thought it was a documentary...
People don't like when other people ask this question, but I'm really curious; How much is the big tooth worth? I know some megalodon teeth can fetch a pretty penny.

Do you know what they belong to?

Category 1 or 2 Kaiju, I'd estimate, for the big one. 

What if Megalodons aren't actually extinct and they're just down there waiting in depths that we have yet to explore?.Can you imagine diving in open water and being approached by a fucking shark twice the size of a greyhound bus?

Wasn't that basically the Piranha 3d plot?

We're going to need a bigger boat.
Sharknado 2: Return of the Megalodons
Have you read the book . by Steve Alten? It's one of my favourites and you would probably enjoy it.
Looks good, thanks!
A lot of people believe this from things like this .and then there are also people who believe full on T-Rex's and shit live on islands we haven't discovered yet..

You mean Jurassic Park wasn't a documentary?
That's the concept behind the book "Trench."  Really interesting read if you're into some shark fiction. Read it.
I'll check it out!
Is there a large selection of shark fiction? Because that sounds like a thing I could dig.

Now that I'm aware "shark fiction" is a thing, I'm very into it.
Meg is the first book, and The Trench is the sequel. Both books are by Steve Alten if you are truly interested in reading them. Enjoy!
For some reason no one really likes Meg much though.

I've read Meg-had no idea there was a second book! Will definitely be picking it up. I loved the first one!

Wasn't there that documentary with John Hammond that filmed the island though?
I recall this as well

Yeah imagine if you were just swimming around down there fossil hunting and you found one of those huge teeth, but it was white O.O

Grab tooth; race to see how fast I could get to shore and never enter water past knee deep again.

you're playing right into the anklebiter shark's game!!

fuck that, swimming pools only.
You think you're safe? 
There are anecdotal stories and some theories that would suggest they are still around.  .CRAZINESS

You might enjoy . - it's a great read :)
Welp, I didn't want to swim in the ocean anyways.
I think I'm going to be sick. 

wasn't there one that stated it would be possible if a megalodon had a large kill and dragged it past the extreme cold layer of the deep ocean, surviving only because it was coated in the warmth of the kill's blood. And then when it got to the ocean floor, the Earth's core heated the water enough for the megalodon to survive... .I thought I heard that somewhere. Maybe Crichton... Or the movie Megalodon. 

It was a novel, "Meg".
Was gonna say this. The "Meg" series by Steve Alten. 

Probably a bad movie.  Cool story though 
I watched that movie.  It's really boring, but it is fun seeing horrible CGI sharks punch through sheets of ice.

General consensus is that that there is too much competition and not enough prey to support a top tier predator without us getting some evidence.


you know what else i thought was extinct? webpages with layout like that.

If anyone ever found a white Megalodon tooth, I would shit my pants.


White = fresh, black = fossilized?
Generally. Dark means fossil most of the time. White usually means not fossilized but there are a few examples of teeth that are prehistoric origin and white. They were usually buried in a different type of sediment 
No, that is a myth. The meg teeth, and most teeth, found at Sharktooth Hill in California are white in color. . 
Yep!
That's racist! 

TIL black people are fossilized white people.
Yeah, That would end my touching any water of any kind ever again. 

Sharks are not an excuse to quit bathing.

All bathtubs eventually lead to the ocean...they'll find a way in.
I was actually concerned that Jaws would find a way to get in to my toilet when I was a kid. Ah, youth.

Coz, you know, the big things that are down there that we know about already aren't scary enough as it is .. .(My personal fear: the giant squid.  No thanks!)
you think thats bad, read about the 'bloop'
C'thulhu is still dreaming.  Containment almost failed, but we managed to inscribe the Elder Sign in time to prevent a breach of Project Koschei.

'Slow Down' was even creepier..Edit:  .     Here is a whole bunch of creepy unexplained ocean sounds. Holy shit, Julia and Upsweep.
Apparently it was "explained", but I like to believe that it's something crazy. We've only explored 5% of the planet's oceans, anything could be down there.

Colossal Squid is even bigger.

Seriously.
...Seriously.
Super serious

Yes they are
We should create giant robots to fight them

To fight monsters, we created monsters of our own.
call em jagers
No, building a wall across the coasts of the world would make more sense. They could never possibly break through, right?
Then what do we do about . and 
We . create giant robots to fight them.

They're all fossilized shark's teeth.  The small ones you can find by the dozen.  The medium one is a Megalodon shark from forever ago.  The massive one is a gigantic Meg tooth.  I took it to a museum and they said the shark could have been 80 Feet long
Did they know the age of it?

The Megalodon used to hunt sperm whales for food.


Some say it could be very, even INCREDIBLY old..I'm sorry I actually don't know.  In the tens of millions of years I believe.  Dinosaur-esq
Could be anywhere between 30 and 1.8 million years old..
 Source: I'm a geologist.

Either way that is amazing! Awesome find :)
Megalo

The medium sized tooth is actually from an extinct Mako shark. I used to be an avid collector and spent many hours on Englewood Beach.
Thanks for the correction.  I'VE BEEN LIVING A LIE!
What is the difference between Megalodon and MEG? Google doesn't help me.
MEG is the title of a book by Steve Alden, principally about Megalodons. 
Meg is an abbreviation for Megalodon.
Megalodon is one badass (extinct) shark.  
Read this book, and Trench (which is about the same thing).  Absolutely terrifying beach read. Never went more than 3 feet deep that whole trip.

Meg is just an abbreviation
We like telling her to shut up
Shut Up Giant Shark >:(
Perfectly executed


Yeah, the older I got the more scared I got of open water.  I stopped diving about 10 years ago when my fear of not being at the top of the food chain was realized when I accidentally jumped off the boat onto a bull shark. 
Obviously you survived but would you mind going into a little more detail? I'm very curious as to what happened...it sounds so terrifying. You are most certainly shark week material. 
Basically I did my giant stride off the side of my friend's sailboat and when I should have sank into the water I basically hit the back of a 7 foot shark right behind the dorsal fin.  .Adrenaline kicked in and I freaked out like a little girl.  I grabbed the side of my friend's boat and free lifted myself out of the water.  Told him to go fuck himself if he wanted me to get in the water after that. 

This makes me sad. Glad you weren't injured though. 
Me too.  
I would be scared to go to a swimming pool after that
Can't you just dive in areas without sharks?
Diving with sharks is no big deal. You just have to look at it from the shark's perspective..To a shark, a surfer lying on a board looks a hell of a lot like a seal. Most sharks strikes are along the lines of "SEAL!" . "PTUI! WTF is that!". Conversely, as a diver, you look like a goddamn space alien. You smell awful, are loud with bubbles and stuff, and have weird tubes coming everywhere. The only accidents that happen with divers and sharks usually involve feeding the sharks (which is stupid) or diving with great whites (whose mentality is SEE IT = EAT IT, and are large enough to get away with it).
So by that logic the dive cages that you always see great whites gnawing on just look like lunch boxes to them?
When I used to dive, that was always my interpretation, too. Snorkeling/surfing, I would've been more concerned. .Still, it was always unnerving during night dives to have a shark swim through the beam of your dive light... and then lose track of where it went.
When you see those dive cages, they've been chumming the water with fish guts. See previous comments about feeding..But yes, lunchboxes. :)
 
I miss worth1000.... Ima go there now.

That is insanely awesome.

FUN FACT: There are no areas without sharks.  Happy swimming. 
and my children wondered why I wouldn't boogie board with them in the Atlantic last week. .All it takes is a visit to Florida at the ripe, imaginative age of 15 and watching "Jaws" for the first time, on Laser Disc, no less. .Yes, I'm middle aged, but I still have all my appendages, thank you very much. .Your FUN FACT cracked me up. Thanks for that.

Hmm, that fact isn't considerably fun..Awesome finds!
Volcanos?

As a Canadian, I love telling people there are great whites here.
I will never take a bath again.
Pool sharks are worse.

Ah the old Reddit something something something.
Great Lakes, cold but shark free.

Bull Shark found in Kentucky along the Ohio River, not too far from the great lakes
What? Say it ain't so!

Bullsharks have been found in the great lakes.  Sorry.
Ummmm,  as someone who lives in the great lakes... Can I get a source? Then maybe some explosives and shit.

ha, that's what they want you to think.

Lava sharks.  
Aw man I didn't think of that.
Fuck.  Just fuck me.
Are you cute?

I found it about 15 years ago (JESUS IT'S BEEN THAT LONG) diving off Venice Beach, Florida.  It's still the biggest tooth I've ever seen, including exhibits at the Smithsonian and "Replica" teeth that were made for display. 
I used to go hunting for shark's teeth along the crushed shell roads in Venice with my grandparents. It really is a great place to find them! Makes me wonder if it was an ancient sharknado alley.

I'm not sure you understand what profit means. 

Yay Venice! I'm from north port and dive the boneyard often. I saw this post and new it had to be found off Venice. 
venice beach! we used to go there every year for the shark's tooth festival. loved that place as a kid. so many teeth on the beach!

Yeah but this shit is REAL.
As real as any other fossil.  I found it at a popular dive site frequented by fossil hunters.  I took it to a museum after I found it to get their take on it.  So yes it's real. 
There are places I can go diving and fossil hunting at the same time?! 
YOU BETCHA!
Have you asked how much they would pay for it? 

lot of factors for meg value, as OP noted. the four or five inchers (diagonal from tip to root) usually go for between fifty and a couple hundred depending on the quality of the specimen. there is kind of a magic sweet spot around six inches though (this one appears to be bigger than that) where the price skyrockets. a 6.5-7 incher with intact tip and serrations, good enamel and good color can easily go for 10k or more. as with anything, its always worth what someone will pay for it, but for this one (decent enamel, good tip, no serrations, no unique coloring), i would guess probably a couple grand

Yeah the biggest thing this one has going for it is size/weight.  It's a shade over 7 inches diagonal 

thats a monster. nice find

Jesus, that's like an iPad mini.
That's what she said!


Value all depends on overall size/quality/and the individual collector.  I've gotten tons of different offers of different sizes but I don't see myself letting go of the tooth. 
What offers have been made?
I had an offer for 6 and had speculation of up to 12 but price ebbs and flows with the buyers in the market 


Playing hardball with the tooth fairy, eh?
Holding out for a bigger contract 

Where did you go scuba diving to find a megalodon tooth?

Venice Beach Florida.  It's actually a really easy relaxing beach dive.  About 100 yards out and 20 feet down you can chill on the bottom and pick up the little guys by the hand full.  Every now and then you score with a tooth that can be 2 or 3 inches.  The big guy is one in a million.

I saw the picture and knew exactly where it came from. Gave a couple I found there to my nephew, who was asking his daddy about giant dinosaur sharks..Was Hero Uncle that day.
I've seen those big teeth fetch over $200 in local shops (my parents live in Venice, I went looking for those small shark teeth off the shore many times)
$200 would be really low for a tooth at this size.
that is impressive!
This is the best way to grow your weed, put screens to create a canopy so your plants grow across and keep budding. Guess it works for tomatoes too.
Power of hydro. The lady is walking on a big tank of water and nutrients filled with the roots..The net is used both  to support the weight and optimize exposure. The dudes in /tree would call it a scrog (screen of green)..edit : accidently accidently a word.
You're living with the Land ;)
It's obviously photoshopped, a couple context clues give it away. But good job to whoever did it. Mostly legit looking.
why did they photoshop bins of tomatoes in? let alone the two same full bins.
Cool beans
MMJ growers call this SCROG (screen of green).I would love to see some root porn on this.
Should really post this over at .Think they'd appreciate that canopy work.
it's not photoshopped, well the tomato plant isn't. its a commercial aquaponics operation. its pretty similar Hydroponics 
This woman would be a killer pot grower. 
Is there a source for this? .If this is real, what kind if plant (specific breed) is this?.What method was used to achieve these results? 
Everyone has been to Epcot except me :(
Sometimes, when reading this stuff, the thing I think I see is more entertaining than what is actually here.."Talking tomato plant" ", "my moms and my grandmothers welding shoes" for example. 
hey . .....
 Are those tomatoes any different in taste or nutrients when there's so many coming from a single plant? 
All those caterpillars O.o
I'm convinced those tomatoes in the tree spell something. 
Because there's so much photoshop on the ground level with three of the buckets being the exact same fucking bucket now I wonder if any of it is real.
Somebody actually went to the hydro shop to grow tomatos.
That is probably the biggest scrog I've ever seen. 
For some reason this reminds me of Minecraft.
I want this guy to grow my wee...err tomatoes... 
Sea of green gardening. Hard to do but the yeilds are great.
Those are all the same bucket.
would someone please explain what the shit is going on here? How is this done?
A lot of shopping in this specific photo, but there are tree-type varieties of tomato that, if planted in conditions like a greenhouse or tropical environment, won't die over winter and will just keep growing. 
At least partially with Photoshop, all of the buckets on the floor are a different resolution than their surroundings. The tomatoes in the foreground are lit from below but with that much light there is no need for flash. The back of the tree, the person and the plants in bags on the floor are lit from photo-right. The two other trees in the right of they photo show nowhere near the yield the featured one shows, many of the tomatoes appear to be clones.
That's a fuck load of salsa!
how did they all ripen at the same time?? and why isnt she picking faster?!?!
shopped
Tomatoes. Yuck. 
I... I wanna grow my weed like that.
And now we know where all the people in Big O came from.
One snip and he is fucked
what the actual fuck.. how do i accomplish this?!
LITERALLY 
No way that trunk can support all those tomatoes. Gotta be photoshopped 
It's not supported b the trunk. They are hung from the ceiling. My grandfather runs a hydroponic tomato company and they've been looking for locations to make plants. 
I'm moving to Colorado and hiring this woman as my grower. 
Requires a lot of attention to detail and planning. Ive done alot of research on this method of growth. Although it was for Marijauna plants, not Tomato. However, Scrogging seems to work with tomatoes too..You manicure the plant, 'topping' its main growth, forcing it to sprout out 2 new vines, forking outwards... you let them grow, and top that, and again, and again..You end up with 8,16,32, etc. The plant will keep shooting out new growth, provided it has sufficient sunlight/nutrients available..Obviously the 'trunk' at the bottom is clearly incapable of holding all the weight. You can clearly see Metal poles, and wiring, which the tomato plant grows onto. Supporting the weight so the stems can just feed without having to lift.
What gets me is that it seems impossible for that trunk to deliver the water that the rest of the plant needs. 
the magic of plants eh?.also though, the loss of water through the leaves (transpiration) is very much less in a controlled greenhouse.  its also hydro, so theres a constant water supply. no need to rush home to water the wilting plants on the hottest day of summer.
I can't get even one measly tomato plant to grow, despite how much love and attention I give it. I'm jealous. Of a plant. 
All I see is salsa..
Welcome to Hydro
For me who would eat tomatoes until I died of protein defficency this feels like porn.
killer scrog... or would it be a scrot (screen of tomatoes)?
scror (screen of red)
The Land pavillion in Epcot also has tomato plants like this. 
Michiko to Hatchin!
how?  
SPIDERS love tomato plants. NO.
You say tomato I say holy shit!
I need to get a hold of this guys weed.
I made this account just to tell you this is photoshopped...
I REALLY WANT TO DO THIS!.So much salsa. And caprese. And pico. And maybe play with making my own ketchup. And... yummy.
I could definitely eat all of them
Every year, since i was little, my mother grew tomato plants. With the heat this year she decided not to. So i showed her this, she said "That's fake, because it's on Reddit" 
 This is the 5th time she's said that to me after showing her something on Reddit. 
The plants look real, those buckets . photoshop 
How does that small tree support all that weight.
All those tomatoes from one tree, so why are they so expensive?!
Oh the heartburn!
As an italian I'm just thinking of making delicious fresh sauce
It's like the episode of Defying Gravity that I just watched
I saw this at Epcot. They even had pumpkins growing on trees believe it or not!
When you work with tomatoes, they dye your hands quite badly..The best way to clean them is wash your hands in.... crushed tomatoes..Believe it - or don't.
She would have gotten a better yield if she would have run her branches back into the dirt, creating a row of flowers/fruits using one main plant with multiple root systems.
Yes, like her single plant isn't efficient enough the way it is. Did you see all the red hanging from this sucker?
She could have easily doubled that, and without hydroponics.
It's fake. Point mooted.
Not really.  The science behind row cropping is good, even though the image is doctored.
I know plenty about hydroponics. Learned nothing from last post. Thank you!
beautiful
Usually I'm not one to say nature isn't right, but this isn't right. This is obviously fake. Look at the bins of tomatoes. Look at the obviously similar arrangements of tomatoes up top. This is silly.
You see!  I told you there was nothing wrong with the Fukushima ground water!
God help whoever decides to shake that tree.
I don't understand how the one thin trunk could possibly supply all of those leaves and tomatoes and branches with moisture and nutrients.
Photoshop? 
It's Yoshis house!
The worlds largest topsy turvy.
I can tell you as a photographer, looking at the light in this photo, its fake.
What happens when all those tomatoes you don't want get old and fall off?  Picking up a billion rotten red things seems like a giant pain in the ass to me.  
The baskets of tomatoes at the bottom are photoshopped.
somebody please do this with pasta. that will show those 'pasta doesn't grow on trees' people
Tomato Garden Level: Asian
Saw one of these years ago in a Texas greenhouse and it was almost the full 50' of the ceiling with a trunk about 3' across. The owner said it was almost 4 years old.
"Tomato Plant" - huh.. suuuuuuurrre. 
amazed! 
This is not real- farmer from farm simulator (gamer)
You should see her pot plants!
Jayzus bejayzus. I would love to have someone teach me how to trim tomatoes to grow like that. I always get 200x more bush than tomatoes.
Use less nitrogen and more potassium. 
Look up how to pinch off sucker vines.  They are a new little spot of growth that sprouts in the corner, so to speak, between a branch with leaves and the main stem..If you pinch these off you can keep your plant in 1 big stalk or 2 or three etc.  I would recommend letting 2 main stalks form.  The plant spends a good amount of time developing big fruit yet also grows enough to have plenty of spots for flowers and fruit.
Very much appreciate the input!
I also just realized, another thing that causes too much growth and not enough fruit is nitrogen in the soil.  If you are fertilizing with something too high in N then that could be a culprit.
I have so much to learn...
Thanks kindly.
the 3 numbers, NPK on fertilizer.  Nitrogen is useful when the plant is growing. promotes leaves and general above the soil growth. 
the P is phosphorus, useful for shoots n roots. the K is Potassium which is for flowering/fruiting.  .the ratio changes depending where your plant is at in growth.  .higher N, mid P low K for growing it to size and to ready to produce..lower N mid P higher K to feed the fruit or flowers.  thats why the NPK.numbers are different for fruit and veg ferts, than for mostly green leafy plants/stages of growth.
Thank you for this. I think. . No, really, thanks.
They have this in the green house at disney world in epcot, might not be the exact plant but they do have tomato trees. 
Are those hydroponic?  Damn I gotta try this. Very cool.  Thanks for posting!
Is that Dirt or a form of Hydroponics its growing out of? I'd be amazing to know what that produces on a regular basis
hydro
Nigga, you love tomatoes?
I thought the headline said "Tornado planting" and, you know what, the picture kinda fit.  
Maybe a dumb question but if you keep a tomato plant indoors, will it continue to grow like a tree or does it stop at some point? I ask because Im not sure if this plant is an anomaly or not.
Indeterminate species will continue to vine but it will never turn into a tree (this tomato vine has a massive support system and there is little to no weight on the actual stalks). Determinate species will eventually stop producing new growth.  This is in a temperature-controlled greenhouse, so it has enough light and stable temps to continue growth.  Looking at the surroundings, it may also be hydroponically grown, removing the need and problems associated with the huge amount of nutrient soil needed for something this big.
Definitely hydroponic.  Also in that environment there are no pests and no diseases.  Could live 2 or 3 years.
not dumb, there are two types. determinate will grow and fruit until frost kills them..indeterminate will eventually stop.
I grew three last year, they rocketed from the floor to my ceiling by the end of the season. so 8foot high? I wasnt informed that although it had sun all day that it needed flys/etc to pollenate the flowers and I never opened the huge glass doors they were next to. I got 7 tomatoes all season. Epic fail.
It's very easy to pollinate your tomato plants inside. Google it. You can do a much better job than the flys / bees can with a single plant. Most people will pollinate their outdoor tomatoes too just to ensure that all the flowers have the potential to become tomatoes.
an oscillating fan will pollinate your plants easily.  no need to get anal with a paintbrush like some..now, my bitch of a cunt custard apple tree.....fucking painting pollen on ladders.... .but hey, since you're inside, put some in.  indeterminate will keep on going with proper temps. i've harvested into february, outside.  inside, have a blast.
Sorry but tomatoes straight from a vine and tomatoes from the grocery store may as well be completely different vegetables..Plucked straight off the vine and eaten with a little salt? Better than oysters, better than lobster, better than any damn food I've ever eaten.
So sweet and fleshy, and juicy as hell.
Dat scrog yo
If you need me, your mom and I will be SCROGing in the greenhouse.
I'd scrog that
I noticed this morning that my cactus was dying - I didn't need to see this picture.
Guys... I skimmed all the source links... does anyone know where this is? Someone said Australia... I am going there at the end of this year. Can anyone pinpoint where this is? 
As a Mexican I can confirm that u make anything
The first thought that came through my head was some grumpy old man saying "You think that shit just grows on trees!?"
This seems like some kind of farming rig you'd make in Minecraft
Wtf I need a green house
Asians. That is all.
I saw something like this at epcot
Anyone else hate tomatoes but love ketchup and red sauce?  Amazing how processing with sugar, salt, and vinegar makes them magical. 
I hate store bought tomatoes, but looove our own grown tomatoes.
That is really common.  I'm not sure what it is that makes the big difference, but lots of people like various cooked tomato foods and don't like tomatoes.
Well, .. 
That would be me. As long as they're cooked, I will eat them. Really can't stand them raw. Don't like ketchup at all. Too much damned sugar. 
i really want some cheesy stuff tomatoes now
This is like those Minecraft farms that harvest boxes and boxes full of food with one press of a button..
I would love to do that with my...uh...tomato plants.
Amazing...
one plant can yield 

This is also a very effective way to grow pot. ScRog Method.
I used to work in a commercial greenhouse that grew tomatoes hydroponically like this. The greenhouse was 24 acres (almost 10 hectares for our metric friends) when I worked there, but is larger now. They had 400 rows that were each a quarter mile long and used a system a rail tracks to pick and prune the plants. The tomatoes grew like vines; every time the fruit was ripe it would be picked and the leaves up to the next bunch of fruit were trimmed away. Then the twine that held the plants 20ft off of the hydroponic trays would be lowered to entice the plants of grow higher. The plants lived for around six months, and the vines that ran along the trays could be 20ft long plus the 20ft to the row cable. 
Here is the links to their website with a visual: . 
to a HNL
Finally, something that is Majestic as fuck. What an awesome plant.
A grower that I worked with grows his cherry tomatoes as a canopy like this. He has a hydroponic system and multiple plants, each one originating from a small bag near the top of the canopy. It's gorgeous to walk under. 
I'm amazed at how the tree can produce so much fruit with that skinny little trunk! It is . to find a delicious tomato these days. Even the farmer's markets and road-side stand tomatoes are . I can't grow my own...too many critters and a huge brown thumb.
haha..this is a nice Sea of Green technique...also probably used FIM'ing techniques.
I love the albino pairs.
I bet she is great at minecraft
OMG, googled the image a little, round it on some site in Russian, had google translate it, it's apparently called an Octopus F1 hybrid tomato, then I googled that, found a thread on rolllitup, and found this quote... don't know if it's true or not, but if it is, HOLY CHRIST, it's under 2 years old!."This is an octopus f1 hybrid tomato. .. It takes about 8 months before the first fruit appears. It is held up by a large trellis".AND, it looks like that greenhouse . of them, not just that one, too!
Its real
SCROG?
You stake the plant until it reaches ceiling height and then tie the new growth to (what I assume is) a dropped ceiling made of mesh. As you get more offshoots, you keep attaching them to the mesh. 
That's one GIANT Topsy Turvy!!! 
thought this said tornado planting... kind of fits
Farming minecraft style
She takes tha tomato game to a WHOLE. NOTHA. LEVEL. 
Works for pot plants too I hear

Took me a while to realize tomatoes don't grow on trees...

Holy crap I didn't even know this was possible!  
Now who argues that it's not a fruit?
Tomatoes are technically a berry just like Bananas and grapes. Strawberries are a fruit not a berry at all.
"Is it a vegetable? Is it a fruit? Is it a berry? Who knows?".What a mess. Wiki says it's a berry, but, wait for it, berry is subset of fruit (collecting pieces of brain all over the living room right now), but, wait for it, it is also a vegetable..Why, you my ask, my good sir? .Because it's savory. .That classification reminds me of a way botanists classify everything. 
in fairness, it was never about how it grows, its about it having seeds developed from the ovary in the base of the flower. 
like... the upper level?
You could go to a whole lot of bad comedy shows. 
That's looks cool until you think of all the bees going nuts over the tomatoes that start to spoil. 
Been like this at Epcot for 30 years.
Wut?
WHO IS THIS DEMON TOMATO WOMAN?
That is a pretty amazing tomato "tree". The first time is was done was in Disney's EPCOT. Essentially with controlled lighting a massive support grid the tomato plant never dies.
relevant: .check out that vine management
What a cool idea! I can smell it just looking at it :) 
When in Rome...
Daddy, this tastes like grandma.
wow @ the amount of people in this thread that find it implausible a tomato plant can grow like this..It's not only possible but very common in aquaculture tomato production..source : i'm a person that can do this, and has done it with not just tomato plants.

Waste of time to do this with weed, you destroy the plant every harvest.

Oh my god can you imagine the smell if they're left to rot?  Ew.  Otherwise, this is awesome!
Dayum
Oh, how I love the puniness of it all
I FUCKING LOVE TOMATOS
"Hahaha, tomatoes!"
Is she trying to break the record for largest bucket of Pico de Gallo?
I give away my past by saying holy SCRoG batman!
Can someone teach me how to do this with Marijuana? 
You usually destroy the plant when getting the bud so can't just keep reharvesting it like this tomato plant.
Ahh yeah that's true I didn't think about that, duh.. 
It is easy google screen of green and can be applied to almost any bush style plant that bears fruit/vegetables.
How? please.
Genetic engineering at its finest!
That is pretty damn cool. Here I was content with my damn topsy turvey rigged tomato plant growing..
Wow, well done. Looks like from a single plant, or maybe 2? Insane.
Bucket on the left looks shopped.
does anyone know how this growth is achieved?  it's astonishing
scroging does wonders for trees.
Looks photo-shopped.
Reminds me of a tomato plant I had in Hawaii that grew up over my 6 foot tall fence into the neighbors yard. We both got 40-60 cherry tomatoes a day for almost 2 months. I was so sick of tomatoes by the time it stopped producing. 
Started from the bottom now were here

Started from the bottom now were here
Ah yes, the delicious Souljaboy Tellums. 
That's never going to be a thing.

Have you ever had a tomato sandwich? Bread, tomato, mayo, and a little salt and pepper. They're amaze-balls. 
subtract mayo. add basil and goat cheese or fresh mozz.
That seems like such a white person thing to eat. It sounds delightful. 
Well, I am pretty white so I guess that makes sense. I think there was a thread a few months back that established sandwiches in general as white people food too.
I usually add bacon and lettuce to that. 
Sometimes I add bacon and a couple hamburger patties. Best tomato sandwich ever! 
Add bacon to that, and you'll be shocked at how good it is.
Slice up them tomoatoes.
Get some olive oil or bacon fat..
Skillet it. HIGH heat..
Dump them tomatoes in..
Dump in some dry rosemary. 
Dump in some salt..
Turn..
Crank out some pepper..
    huzzah. Happiness.
Are you fasting too?
add fresh mozzarella and basil. heaven 
Disney World does this in their greenhouses as well!
ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS? THIS IS INCREDIBLE
That tomato plant is an awesome tomato plant..Source: I'm a tomato plant.
My first up-vote for a plant!
i've down voted some vegetables in my time
It's funny that whenever you confess your hatred of raw tomatoes the reaction always is to ask if you've ever had them fresh off the vine or this way or that way.  Yes, people we have tried them 100 different ways and really dislike them.  But use pornographic amounts of ketchup.   

i'm one of those people... the taste of raw tomato invokes my gag reflex immediately.but love me some god damned ketchup slathered all over tater tots, burgers, meat loaf and a myriad of other things -- also pizza sauce mmmmmm
Exactly, on a hot day get one off the vine and bite. Hot tomatoes are heaven.
Oh you don't like bananas?  Throw one in the freezer for 10 minutes and enjoy!
To each his own. Tomato tomato.
I'm not alone! You are my people..Even after removing a tomato from a burger or chicken sandwich can still taste the residue enough that it ruins it for me.  But will cover it with ketchup, the holiest of condiments.
So in other words you like sugar but not tomatoes. Big surprise there.
That is beautiful. I want to be there. 
The floor is definitely photoshopped. Looking at a bucket on floor level would not allow you to see the rim on the other side. I imagine the actual plant must be photoshopped as well, but being the busy man that I am, I haven't had time to check..also the shading on all the buckets is atrocious.
Can we get someone to 3d-ify this thing?!
The two buckets next to each other on the left are clones.
The bucket on the right is another clone that's been blown up, it's a different resolution than the surrounding area.
I think all of the tomatoes are clones, and the tree is probably a citrus, maybe a lemon. I think this picture is something someone made to be funny, and it is, in the right context.
I prefer my recipe:  .Pick tomato..
Open mouth..
Insert tomato..
Chew..
Swallow..
Enjoy.
Let's get together.  I will cook for you.  I will change one ingredient in your recipe though.  You will like.  Trust me.  
You might not.  Remember that "chew" is an important step here.
Yikes!
repeat.
I can't be the only one who finds raw tomatoes disgusting can I? There's something about the texture....
It's all squishy, and far too bland.
Not if you get home grown tomatoes and the like.  The stuff at the store is grown to look pretty and be resistant to things like weather and shipping.  They don't seem to care about taste.  Home grown are soooo much better.  Not sure that will help with the texture problem though.
I've got an apartment with nowhere to grow tomatoes, but you all make them sound fantastic.
If you have a balcony and sun, you can still grow tomatoes with proper care!
try out your local farmer's market.  Usually better than store bought but you still have to be careful that your not buying the same crap from the store.
'tis the perfect time of year for such a thing btw.
If you only get them from the grocery store, or at most commercial restaurants..Pick one out of a garden on a warm summer's day. Take a bite out if it, or take it inside, cut it and put a sprinkle of salt on it..Most commercial tomatoes (and fruits and veggies in general) are a shadow of what they taste like fresh. .I would recommend a fresh picked beef steak, or heirloom tomato..Once you've had one of those, then you can say you truly don't like tomatoes. 
cut one in half, sea salt flakes and pepper, or salt/balsamic vinegar. Tom's love salt. -source I eat tomatoes  
I'll sit there with the shaker in one hand, tomato in the other. Just bite into it like a big, juicy apple and salt away to my heart's content. Not too much salt, mind you, just enough to bring out that tomato goodness. .I usually do this with hot house tomatoes I buy at the supermarket, but doing so with a fresh tomato from the garden is just like a little bit of heaven, imo. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm off to find a tomato.
A fresh garden picked ripe cherry tomato is one of the most delicious things on the face of this planet. If you disagree, life has played a cruel trick on you and your taste buds, and for that I am sorry.
Have you had homegrown tomatoes? Far from bland.
I spent at least 5 minutes trying to decide if this was photoshopped..Now I want one. Maybe I'll settle for a topsy-turvy.
The buckets are identical. the shadows on the tub are wrong. I haven't seen any repeated patterns in the tree, but the tomatoes on the back one seem larger than the ones on the front one. Definitely some fuckery going on.
Parts of the image definitely are shopped. Look at the buckets. 
it is
Uhg, the topsy-turvy sucked and the sun disintegrated the bag.
buy some fabric air pots (fabric fags essentially) and hang them. just pop the small transplant through a hole you make in the bottom, fill it, and hang..it wont break down, excellent soil aeration, and etc etc good times..google a local hydro store, most people have one.
Yep, I think the plant itself is real but the picture has been heavily shopped to tidy up any off colour fruits. They also added in some cloned buckets and i'm not even sure that woman was ever there. So it's not so much "taking tomato planting to a whole new level", more like "taking tomato planting to a whole new level...with extra shoppe" 
I bet it smells so good in there.
Maybe at night, during the day the heat will knock you dead.
The 3 silver buckets are all the same bucket.
Yep, the perspective looked weird on them. Also, you can see that the exact same tomatoes are in the buckets.
The tomatoes are how I made the conclusion. Clever shading changes on each one, though. Especially the leg one.
There's a fair amount of care involved in an inverted system - you need to water it often and dripping may cause fungal issues (no system is perfect)..I've found self-watering containers that are larger than average are perfect for tomatoes - irregular watering leads to splitting and rotting fruit - and when they "find" the water with their roots it ends up being a hybrid soil/hydroponic system which makes them go nuts..Soil with a fair amount of compost and adjusted so your local climate keeps the soil moist but not soaking makes for some very, very happy plants..I, personally, use the . setup with a few modifications.
Why would dripping be an issue?  You'd only be watering the large pot the main "trunk" is planted in. Not the whole plant right?
Now I wonder if Earthtainer was inspired by Hempy or Hempy was inspired by Earthtainer. Hempy buckets/Earthtainers are rather known in the cannabis community as well(probably because both plants are somewhat similar in what they need).
Got a feeling they stole hempys idea.  I remember reading about that back in 2006 on icmag.  
I believe the Earthtainer is a rework / diy offshoot of the ., which is also just a self-watering container but can be bought as a kit - the "wicks" are in the corners of the 'box vs in the middle of the 'tainer. The Earthtainer is also much larger and ideal for plants that need big root systems (tomatoes, potatoes also grow quite well) but I should mention that moving them when full will scrape at the bottom and wear holes. I have mine in ...I use mine to compost over the winter and just dump out the water before it gets cold.
even before then on overgrow, which is like 2002ish there were passive buckets like hempys..it was only really novel to the home erb gardener
Yes, but if there's more water than the soil can grab, it doesn't disappear right? It goes down and out where it can. The topsy turvy may have an inner rim to keep some of it (I haven't taken one apart, I could, the dollar stores sell them here), but the rest will go down and out along the plant.
Is that why my tomatoes always split? Damn...
Too much fertilizer will do the same.
Not so much irregular watering as low soil moisture levels. If you add a slow water release amendment and mulch you can water irregularly.  
I think how impressive this is will just go over most people's heads.

I once got 2 tomatoes off the same plant. 5 would impress me.
[deleted]
definitely went over your head
A pun thread about tomatos? Glad I got in early so I don't have to ketchup.
Yeah, you wouldn't want to fall beheinz. 
Maybe, but I know that I sure as hell came in here to comment on how awesome this is. .Full Disclosure: I'm a crappy gardener.Edit: I'm also a crappy pun detector, apparently. :(
I planted tomatos.... They all died from early blight :(( This post got me even more depressed about it.
Growing method called SCROG which stands for screen of green. Also there is another method known as sea of green. I know this from pot.
Thanks. I was wondering. I love growing tomatoes, doubt I'll ever get there. 
Well somebody has green fingers..Id rather call this Screen of red.
SCROG is a lateral espalier.  
I knew about scrog only because you can do that to weed too. (not quite on a same scale as this, but same idea)
Why not on this scale? You'd need a huge room but I'm pretty sure you could do this. Just look at some of the 12 ft trees they grow in Northern California and Southern Oregon.
you would just veg and prune the plant until its the desired size then initiate flowering.  entirely possible..tomatoes just flower automatically once time and temp is right..edit: this reply does not belong here.  wtf .and no, i'm not (0)
I knew what you meant before you mentioned tomatoes.
Came to say this, thank you for being a kindred soul.  DWC Scrog was the method of choice for me when I only had room for one 4x4 tent.  I lost half the crop d/t noob trying to hydro and I still got 3/4 pound....good times.

Seems like a case of putting all your eggs in one basket.
Because it would be completely inefficient to do so (also, this isn't really a SCROG)..If you can grow a 12 ft tree outside, there's absolutely no need to bother with a SCROG. A SCROG is only useful for indoor growing with a horizontal lamp. That's because there is no side lighting and height is limited. The point is to maximize the lighting surface area of the plant by using a net to train the branches to grow horizontally..Training slows the growth rate of the plant, but for indoor growers, it can double the yield by maximizing lighting surface area, which translates into plant material..But if you are outside, the only thing training will do is reduce yield. You have X time of usable sun light, if you slow the growth rate and don't gain lighting surface area, you only stunt your plant. And since you are outside and the sun is hitting the plants directly and it moves from one side of the sky to the other all day, you don't gain anything with a horizontal grow..These tomatoes are on a screen simply to hold them into the sun and to maximize the working area underneath. It's just more practical that way than to grow them in lanes because of their size.
Ya, you're wrong in regards to training an outdoor plant. Every 10' tall tree or bigger I've ever seen has been heavily trained and the yeild is only improved. 
It's a logical impossibility..The yield improved from one crop to the next due to various factors..Every time you train a plant you lose at least a day of plant material production, in favor of repairing material that already exists.
Who said anything about a set time frame?  .This is marihuana we're taking about. Everyone green houses and trains. 
You did. If you grow outside, you have a set time frame. Also called "seasons"..And no, not everyone green houses, which is not a verb. That's actually very rare because it's expensive, yields less and is pretty much useless if you aren't using outdoor hydroponics.
Can you please elaborate on how this isn't a scrog?  Just curious.
Because the point of the screen is support, not training. This is just a horizontal trellis..Also, the goal of training in a scrog is to place the end of a branch (where the fruit goes) inside one of the squares of the net to expose it to light..It's as much of a scrog as this: 
This is really interesting. Good point about why scrog is counterproductive outdoors. .Question: IS the goal of a scrog to place the fruit in an unobstructed path of light, or is it to get as many leaves access to the light? With cannabis, for example, it's impossible to do one without the other, the leaves are all around the buds. In tomatos, the fruit is heavy and hangs down naturally, but they can still develop and grow from the energy produced by the leaves. .I just googled this for a while and couldn't find an answer. Do tomatoes need direct sunlight to the fruit, or would they grow just fine without sunlight, as long as the leaves get plenty? Any idea?
It's both at the same time. The fruits of cannabis have leaves and the resin production of the fruit increases when it's exposed to light, as does the production of plant material. In a regular indoor grow, the bottom fruits are always underdeveloped..But it's not really about exposing this or that, it's about maximizing the lighting surface area..Think of a christmas tree shaped plant (triangle). Put the light on top. The very top of the plant, only one branch and one fruit, is getting the full amount of light. Go two branches down and you're in the dark. (Light intensity reduces exponentially with distance from lamp and top branches shade everything below). Let's imagine the plant uses 50% of the light intensity on average (100% on top, 0% in the bottom)..Now make that triangle upside down: that's a scrog. All of your branches are now getting as much light as the top fruit of the other plant. There's no apical tip, which means there's no "leader" and all of the fruits receive the same attention. (100% on top, nothing below, we prune everything below the net so the plant concentrates on top). The plant uses nearly 100% of the light intensity..But if you're outside, the top of a 12 foot plant is getting the same exact light intensity as the bottom..All hanging fruits don't need direct exposure. They are made that way. Same for apples, pears, oranges, etc..Article about exposing tomatoes to the sun:
i think you have it switched..training through the screen while vegetation grows, and then having the flowers grow upwards individually and unshaded, instead of bunched into colas taking up vertical space with little sq ft.  erb flowers upwards, scrog is to train that into flowering outwards to gain light efficiency on your lit areas footprint..if you just need support, then trellis. the scrog is to train it into a shape that matches the footprint of light. flat, and not much vertical space/penetration (4' on a 1000w HPS roughly).
Sunlight penetrates leaves, lamps don't. 
they dont need direct sunlight on the fruit. they'll flower after certain amount of days and once night temps reach a certain warmth.
actually it's just trellis gardening. pot growers came up with that "scrog" name for it.
Source please
It's from a 1957 BBC documentary about 'spaghetti trees', made as an April Fools day prank.
well for me it's the valley of Ceres
*sauce please 
Disney has one growing at the land in Epcot. 

This looks like its on . at EPCOT in Florida, or at least extremely similar.
Especially when you consider the low angle like that of a viewer from the boat. 
The surroundings look a little different than the one in Epcot.
I just know this is in Australia
Even though the lady there is Chinese?
Chinese? Here ethnicity is perhaps asian, but that does not mean anything regarding the nationality or the location. 
Disney World grows their veggies like this! :)
  Not the most exciting ride at Epcot but it's something you can do while you wait for the line at Soarin' to die down.
That's actually my favorite thing at Epcot. However, I have not been since Soarin' opened.
That's until you take the "Behind the Seeds" tour for like $20. The way Epcot grows things is amazing. It's one of my favorite things to do there
I absolutely . that tour.
Thanks I'll have to try that next time.  I don't mind the boat ride (as a gardener), but I take my little ones with me and their attention span has a hard time making the trip.
It probably wouldn't be interesting to the little ones but the tour does talk about things like the specific insects they release into the greenhouses to combat their local parasites and such.  Definitely do the "Behind the Seeds" tour but do it either by yourself or with someone else who could appreciate it.
Isn't this the Epcot 'tomato tree'?
just thinking of that place makes me want to grow some stuff! 
Literally rode that shit yesterday. My favorite ride in my favorite park. 
The behind-the-scenes tour is absolutely worth it. You get to see a lot more detail and hear a lot more about what they've been up to.
We (my family) went on that back in December. I loved it. So fascinating. 
seconded.  Even though this isn't the epcot tree, the ones there are amazing.  The 9 pound lemons are especially impressive.

Yaaayyy Living With the Land!
I used to work there.  :D
You have my jealousy. Calling myself a Cast Member and knowing I'll never work there makes me sad..Then again, I get to go there for free, so...
Eh, it wasn't that great.  How come you'll never work there?  You can transfer every 6 months (assuming you're full time)..I just quit last month... It's been killing me... I'll be doing dishes and get a whiff of Dinosaur.. or driving down the road and something will smell like Biergarten.
Moving. I suppose it's possible I could come back and work there, but... yeah, probably not the right direction for my career to move..I fear those scents of nostalgia greatly...
Did they ever put cast members back on those boats, or are they always going to be recordings?
Nope... it'll always be recordings unless some miracle happens.
I love the mickey pumpkins
mickey melons.   [FTFY]
Nope i was still correct

But mine's more alliterative...just not accurate.  Shoulda' been "Pluto's Pumpkins" or "Pinocchio's Pumpkins."  
Sorry.  Sauce please.

Here's some source . ..Here's more .I've seen all kinds of tomatoes in my life; they just don't do this. It may be a very special (GMO?) kind of tomato..EDIT: Now I'm skeptical this photo is real. Can someone please check and see if it's been shopped?.  . - 
..
Okay so where do we get plants/seeds??
I strongly doubt it's real.   The amount of water uptake required for that many fruits would make that stalk a veritable garden hose. 
 - 

As a Photoshop expert, I don't see any pixels.
I'm pretty sure it's real.  Epcot center in FL has some trees similar to this.  They are genetically modified to increase yield in a lower footprint.  May want to check out some of the things going on at the epcot gardens.  
its real, and im assuming, having been in horticulture that its an indeterminate tomato vine (keeps fruiting until killed by frost. determinate fruits then stops) grown hydroponically and pruned well..i used to prune rather large tomato 'bonsai' 2-3' tall with huge gnarled trunks and what not. lived in san diego and could fruit my plants all year where i lived. apples on one end of property (they need a certain amount of 'cold hours' to set fruit, avocados and sapota sub tropicals on the other. awesome micro climates..the greenhouse is nice though, mine were outside.

Epcot has the same idea, i think they pioneered it.  
I go to Disney world all the time. This pic might be from the land pavilion.
Awesome! I think this answers it.
That's the first thing I thought too - especially since I rode the boat past it on Saturday :-D
That was really the only part of Epcot that had updated since I was last there ~15 years ago.  I was kinda sad about that.  I had envisioned an entire park taking me into the future but it was kinda 1992ish.  Your thoughts?
You don't want my thoughts on Epcot since I'm there once every other month or so for a few drinks around the world ;) It's only 2 hours away though, so it's nice for a quick get away from it all. .I totally get where you're coming from though. I just recently saw Soarin' and Captain EO. I wasn't too impressed with either. Soarin's video looked dated - and Captain EO? Eh, I've seen Thriller already. You'd think with the money they're pulling in, they could exhibit some cutting edge technologies, but it just seems like they rely on sponsors to come in and make it happen. .Italy's latest wine cellar edition is great though!
Captain EO's been there since the park opened, or shortly thereafter, though... It was there before they redid Figment..As for the exhibiting cutting edge technologies bit, that was kind of the idea... Never made it out of Walt's hospital bed, though.
Totally agree.  We went through a few of the rides and decided to just take a trip around the world and drink and watch some shows.   The bill nye and ellen ride needs updated and spaceship earth stopped for a few minutes leaving us stuck watching a caveman loop.  
That typically happens when they need to get a special needs person on the ride. Because the whole thing runs on a fixed track, when one car stops, they ALL stop.
25 kg yield/plant shown here.Plant can grow to 40 feet.

I like that you used kg and ft in harmony.
Normally only NASA does that
but when they do, they crash space craft into mars... 
As a gardener I can tell you it is almost certainly shopped.  Entire clusters of cherries would never turn simultaneously.  Any real tomato plant would have a combination of green, partially turned, and red tomatoes when they hit their peak of production.
If you look closely at least at the OP's photo, there are some green and some slightly orangish ones in there.
its easily doable to cycle phases of ripening on a plant grown like that..with a hydro plant growth is explosive, and pruning continuous if growing a 'tree' like this. .since every node will produce a cluster of flowers/fruit, you just need to prune and leave clusters in batches. .i usually prune 2-3 phases of flowers on my indeterminate vines.
If it's phases on the same plant, where are the green and bloom stages?  .We are basically looking at 95% of the entire current yield of the plant as fully ripened cherry tomatoes.  Not just that, but the other tree in the background is in the same state.  Supposing it is indeed possible to get the plant to such a state, why would they leave all of the ripened fruit on vine, wasting shelf life, on both plants?  It makes no commercial sense.  They just wanted a perfect photo op?  
Can't vouch for this pic. Some of it is altered..The technique of harvesting from trees like this is just about pruning and leaving batches of flowers.
Yep, but if you ., you see a lot of other similar pics that are real, without doubt..I wasn't sure if a 'tomato tree' of such proportions is actually a real thing. Seems that it is.
The full buckets of tomatoes on the floor were definitely added in Photoshop.  The plant itself could be real.
I disagree. Buckets of tomatoes look legit to me.
Look at the perspective on them. They simply don't make sense. 
I'm just saying the ELA doesn't make any obvious shops apparent.
They have a tomato "tree" you can see in Epcot. The plant is most definitely real.
I know.  This is not that one.  The one at Epcot has a "pot" at it's base where the hydroponics happen.  
i'm guessing the hydroponics system is a DWC in this picture and the roots are in a rather large basin under the floor.
the root mass probably weighs as much as the canopy (minus fruit)
it could be any hydro, its just definitely flush with the floor..bags of coir or rockwool i suppose on the side..water culture is def my non secret lover though.  cheers
Dude, I don't know what that tool you've linked to is, but those two buckets on the left...are exactly duplicates of each other, not even rotated.  Zoom in and have a look.
Hell yeah it is. I feel like this tool can only prove that something is a shop, but can't prove that it isn't.
it's the 'Morgan Freeman AMA' tool
This is true. The one on the right looks poorly enlarged to me. 
I zoomed in and saw red and silver pixels.  Confirmed.
Can confirm they are fake..
Source: I both own and know how to operate eyeballs.
Plant some herbs underneath the shade of that Tomato tree...Italians would go crazy

God I am praying so hard for a wild sketch to appear....cmon......cmon....
When ready to harvest, just throw it all into a chipper and get sauce
Mmm that delicious yard waste
organic
Now, if could figure out how to grow noodle grass
Rice noodle grass is best grass!
Imagine it also dripping a sap of cheese. 
Raking the oregano leaves in the fall

Good old BBC.
As an Italian can confirm, 10/10 would make pasta 
Couldn't have said it better myself, paisan
11/10 with fetta cheese
Arevadarchy.
DAN OUDA DAN
Can you actually make homemade pasta? If so, can I come over for dinner?

Thanks for that stug!  My parents referenced this my whole life...now I finally get to watch it and I have to ask, "Why Mom, did the Great Spaghetti Harvest make amuse you so?"  
Higher quality link: 
My next meal shall be of the finest swiss spagetti!
As an Swedish, 10/10 would make ketchup
And put it on your pasta...You DISGUST ME... (Italian here)
Omnomnom

Rutabaga
Lutefisk!.(Heter juh lutfisk p svenska, men de kan inte skilja p ntt hr borta:))
ftfy
glad someone said it
I pictured you doing ..
Huh. I was picturing something more along the lines of . 
but that is the universal symbol for rectal insertion!
LAV EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEET
Does anybody know what that gesture is actually called? I married into a family of Italians and want a word to associate with that.
It doesn't have a name. 
Source: Italian, born in Italy. 
I'm not sure what it is called, but when most use it, it is a way of asking or expressing a feeling of "What the hell?".Source: Italian-American with lots of family who use it. Also, when I visited Italy, I went for a run in an unfamiliar place and almost ran onto a highway; when I was on the onramp, a motorcyclist turned around and gave me the gesture. I promptly turned around.

This website says it means "to ask for"
In fisting terms, this is called "Beaking" which is used for entry/penetration before the fist is formed.
That's...certainly something.
Well hey... TIL
It has many uses. Fisting isn't a purely sexual things you know. It can be used to loose up vaginal muscles before child-birth, help animals give child birth, and make your gay boyfriend moan like a police siren.

  
Maaaargareeeeehtiii
Dominic DEEECOOOCOOO
Gorlami...
basterds get upboats!
si, correcto
that gesture means "what are you talking about?" with a tone of "are you crazy?" in it..Source: Italian.
This is one of those gestures that's passed down through generations. I'm only 1/4 Italian, but this is my goto hand gesture in the car lol. 
It also used to indicate a bordello, the five fingers coming together representing a five people gangbang. 

No, it means 
That too :D 
I'm not even joking, it literally means 'Italian' in Australian sign Language. 
Here in Argentina we abuse it.
Seriously? Didn't know that either, awesome! 
Haha si, mio nonno si incazzava di brutto quando lo usavo.
that is the universal symbol for rectal insertion
aka fisting

namely the fist.
Same difference 
Oh. I see...
Aren't you supposed to make that gesture and kiss your fingers when making pasta?
 
It is the same hand form with the thumb, index and middle finger's tips held together. .When the hand is moved up and down from the wrist, means 'What the hell are you saying/doing?'. .However when you you kiss your fingers and then immediately move them apart from each other (as if separated by an explosion) it means 'magnificent!'
I wish I were Italian now.
Your fired! .Now move in with your mother.
I'm not Italian either, I just live in a neighboring country south of Italy. I can emulate being an Italian and most of them wouldn't notice I'm not. I'm happy with that.
Your fired! .Now move in with your mother.
Malta?
Yup! Was it difficult to find on the map?

the hand is slightly more opened while doing that gesture, and after the kiss the hand opens a little more..Nobody does that ever though, only when joking around.
Don't you drag your hand in a horizontal line pinching your index and your thumb to say you like something?
Speak for yourself.
We just make an "ok" gesture or a thumbs up! 
MARRGARREETTTIIII
Boppity boopity!
You must have a moustache!
riba derche
Buu.
Mi insulti? Si muore.
Laissez les bons temps rouler!
That was french.
Let the good times roll? Okay then!
Que, no?
que si?
Por que no los dos?

Que cosa?
che catzo 
Cazzo* 
cazzo*
fangulo 
FANGULO 
Tu se un pazzo va via di qui!
But don't worry about it
.....vaffancullo??
Purely informative translation:   .Thou art a fool, get out of here!
That's why people shouldn't trust google translate.
What's wrong with it?
Thou art.  No one says that.  You just say "you are."
Thou'rt would suffice too.
They're not saying "you are" (which is "tu sei"), they're saying "tu se" which translates (maybe a little rough) into "Thou art", old as it sounds. It probably sounds just as old in (italy) and is only used in that kind of phrase. 

Vado abordo calzone 
Marinara?

Kilo, mega Gigaterra!
GORLAAAAMI.
Could I get one of those as a pet or would it kill me?
Chimps are really fucking cool, but really fucking dangerous..they are prone to randomly snapping and going bat shit crazy without warning.  
It appears to be quite muscular too. Do they lift?
their whole body weight with one finger. 
I can't get past his suspiciously placed foot/hand near your crotch. 
 
Man's best friend's best friends. 
I'm glad the police didn't make it there first!
Of course, they were sent immediately to the vet for eval after initial stabilization. 
lots of respect for OFD. one day ;-;
In other news, three men were found dead today after apparently burning alive in their own home. 
Patience man my two best friends are waiting for the same thing.Much love for OFD
This made me incredibly sad. 
Of course I want to believe they're okay, but I've been told that some people lie to get karma.  Link to story and original picture?
they passed out immediately upon realizing they were being subjected to this goofy filter.
They had to filter out the details somhow.
its a problem with modern cameras. 
The cheesy instagram filter kills the emotion of the original photo...
B...but it looks like my mom took it in 1977! 
No it doesn't, it's not blurry enough.
Needs to leave at moments notice, then takes a picture
xD
Are their varying degrees of progrant? .Almost Pregnant.Kinda Pregnant.A bit pregnant.A lot Pregnant.?
Am I wrong, or is this a serious sign of your dog's love and respect? Like the dog gave you what is potentially one of the more important things in its life to take with you on your task at hand. I want to believe it was thinking, "Looks like he could use this more than me right now"..P.S. Should I have put an apostrophe on "dog's" or not? I am confused...
OP put the dog bone there and took a picture..In fact, OP doesn't own a dog at all.
Dude we wear the same exact underwear
Has to be ready at a moments notice, takes the time to make a post on reddit about it. Good luck out there as a father
He has his things packed so he can leave at a moments notice. He didn't say that he found the bone just as he was about to leave.
Nobody gives a shit.
She isn't having the baby right now... he's packing so he is ready to go when she does go into labour...
Your dog gave your newborn daughter the B... he can't spell and he thought it was the D
I think you're forgetting to not have terrible taste in football teams. 
As opposed to kinda pregnant? 
I have boxers like that... worst elastic band in the world. Never again will I buy fruit of the loom boxers.
man this nigga came up off a fraudulent ass post. He put that shit in the bag and said his dog did and you fucks fell for it smh
I gave that bitch a bone..Bitches love bones.
You will have time to pack. It doesn't happen like on TV. It won't be born in 10 minutes. You'll call the hospital and they'll be like "nah, don't come yet. Call us when she starts screaming".
OP says she's a few hours away, I'm guessing that will make him rush a bit more?
No no, you already gave her the bone. 
Giggity
Dude I have the very same boxers
That's why I love dogs!
I have your underwear. 
that bitch it gonna need something to bite on. 
He's sending you with provisions, for the new pup. Dog loves you and knows baby is coming...
A bone? That's how it all started. 
Steelers bag it looks like.. Nice touch OP!
Adorable!
I hate the word fiancee
Maybe your dog is trying to give your baby a welcoming gift.
Protip: wipe up the mucus plug because he will fucking eat it. 
Go Steelers!
My dog would have left shit in it.
He wants you to remember him one last time before all of your attention is on the baby.
He gave you his comfort bone
Hes just preparing to come along to the hospital too. I mean, it can take some hours and hes just want something to do.
None-too-subtle way of saying, "Don't forget me, guy!"
Don't forget deodorant.  The length of time and the stress of my wife's first delivery left me smelling like a homeless person.
Human, take this. Take this to the baybay. 
Well, yeah. What else is the human pup gonna play with?
The dog's saying, "not without me you don't!".
Got them same briefs my brotha
*moment's.possessive
Very pregnant? Is that a real term? I've never heard it.
This isn't regular pregnancy. This is ADVANCED PREGNANCY
I have the exact same pair of boxer shorts.  Underwear bros for life, yo.
It might come in handy. My nervous, adrenaline-amped self would have torn through that thing waiting to get called into the OR for my wife's c-section.
Fiance pregnant? Someones gotta throw you a bone.....
Very Pregnant
Is this Prince William, by chance?
We have the same fruits on the loom boxer
Glad to see another member of Steelers Nation will be joining us soon! Congratulations! 
My dogs always hides her bones in my laundry basket when i am away.  Then proceeds to dig them out and run around in circles, rawhide in mouth, when I get home.
Didn't "bone" get you into this situation in the first place??
congrats.  who's the dad?
I thought it was the raptor call replicator from Jurassic park, made sense in my head
Your missing a pillow. The couches in the hospital my wife was in were very uncomfortable. Make sure you have a pillow. .Oh do not be ashamed to have the baby sleep in the nursery the first night. the hospital we had our child in has the baby sleep in your room unless instructed otherwise.
This made me cry happy tears. WHY DID THIS MAKE ME CRY?!
 
I have the same Steelers bag :].50 days!!!
Hell yeah!
My sister's is very pregnant at the moment too. Should I let my brother in law know that he's missing something in his travel bag?
Compared to only a little pregnant?
You got to keep your strength up man, here take this.
The old boy is just reminding you not to forget about him
"Here take this, in case the man child is hungry."
Dude, we wear the same underwear
So do 
He's throwing you a bone
How cute.  Good luck to you and yours!  Congrats!
Congrats!
What a sweet gesture.
William??
Fruit of the loom? Savage
Your dog packed you a pair of Fruit of the Loom underwear??  Oh...  nm.
Good luck bone.
looks like he wanted to give her a bone hehehehehe
but congratulations 
That's so sweet...my cat does the same thing. I occasionally find toy mice in my gym bag.  
I find jingle balls in my shoes : )
You started with a bone, might as well end with one. Congrats Daddy!
Your fiancee huh... sex outside of marriage huh... 1 year and 4 months in jail for both of you.
For a quick second there it looked like the Velociraptor's fossil used in Jurassic park 3
I'm wearing those boxers right now.
So you threw your dogs bone into the bag and then took a picture of it?.Shameful
Congrats! Welcome to fatherhood!.Looks like your dog is excited to meet the new tiny hooman - wants him/her to have his/her favorite bone!
He doesn't want to be forgotten after the baby. 
Pretty sure the dog was walking around with the bone, saw your bag, and switched the bone for a pair of socks.
...some karma?
Your girlfriend has a weird dildo. And why does she let the dog watch?
Isn't someone being given a bone what got you in to this situation to begin with?
Biting down on that would be cheaper than an epidural injection.
No dumbass, the baby wont fit in those......
did you tell him that you already gave her a bone
I have the same underwear bro.comfy as fuck
"Ready at a moments notice" let me upload a pic to reddit to reap the karma
Very pregnant .
"Lady-Human is going to have puppies! Must make sure they have a bone ready!"
He must've just wanted to go with you. So he packed what he would need as well :)
Underwear.
moment's* notice
Ugh, I miss my dog.
Good man. Apparently you didn't forget anything, but went so far as to throw the bone in your bag for karma. Good karma to you and your fiancee. 
Hope the delivery goes well, hope to hear an update (: 
"You'll need this more then me, bipedal buddy."
bro wants to be there & needs a piece of home.you forgot to include
How does one become "very" pregnant?
Ah, the old bone in the ER. That'll do dog, that'll do
I wish I could upvote this 100 times
They are smarter than they look
I find myself being able to relate to your situation, OP..I'm pregnant, nearing full term. My ex was my fianc, and he has the exact same pair of underwear and a similar duffle bag. How odd.
What am I looking at here?
But you take the time to take this picture, excellent!
We have the same underwear, can we be friends now?
Test reply to see if people actually scroll this far down to read comments..Also wanted to say... "Very pregnant"??? As opposed to "mostly pregnant", or "kinda-sorta pregnant"???
My dog did the exact same thing with my hospital bag. Have an upvote! :) and good luck on the soon to be addition!
cousin shawn?
That looks like a 
That is the first thing I am 3D printing.
Oh I totally would.
Very pregnant not just pregnant,very pregnant 
The home made fleshlight? Seriously man don't leave that shit where your dog can get to it. 
Should've taken the bone out about 9 months ago...
Awwww
"Oh man, dad's figured out how to bury things! I can't wait to see the look on his face when he finds my present :D"
Good luck with that trip!! When I was born, my dad had just started a new job 5 hours away. (My mom and I were going to move there after I was born.) I'm their first child, and my dad doesn't do well under stress. My mom ended up calling him around 10am. Keep in mind that this is in NY, and he has to drive through the Adirondacks to Albany. He ended up breaking down partway there and was obviously totally freaking out, dealing with snow and broken car and baby on the way. He did end up making it in time, but it was NOT a pleasant experience!!.OP, I wish you, your fiancee, and your baby lots of luck. Safe travels, and if excitement arises enroute, at least you will have a story to share with your baby when it's a bit older!!.(Also your dog is adorable, and I wish it luck with the new baby as well.)
It's dangerous to go alone. Take this.
Good thing I found this before trying to post the same comment!  I commend you, sir :)
good choice on the fruit of the looms. Hours of waiting room comfort for your testes await you. 
Well, it makes sense, she might need something to bite down on.  Bring it just in case.  (BTDT three times.  Good luck!)
I'm not a fan of dogs but man is that adorable.
you won't actually need any of those.  bring a toothbrush and a pillow and your good.  source,  I'm a brand new dad. 
That's so cute. =3 
Fruit of the loom represent!
It's Dangerous out there, take this! - 
FINDERS KEEPERS!!!
Dogs are awesome. 
Good luck, we're all counting on you.
I just wanted to tell you both good luck, we're all counting on you.
How does one obtain "very pregnant" status?
What does the bone have to do with the pregnant fiance?
Fruit of the loom undies, not as tight as tightie whities or loose like boxers
It's fiance, but I'm glad you're trying.
It's wingardium leviosa not wingardium levioSAR
You seem stressed bro', here chew on this a bit.
Why are you a few hours away from your heavily pregnant fiance? :-(
I think he means she is a few hours away from giving birth... . That's how I took it anyway.
Probably work.
Seriously... I was scrolling through ALL the comments just to find the answer to this very question. What is so important that he is . away?! .I know in California there is paid family leave for fathers too.... 
I took french in seventh grade, so i guess you could say i'm an expert haha
Hey, It looks difficult to do  with an English keyboard, really, congratulations for the baby.
I thought it was the raptor call device from Jurassic Park 3.
FUCKIN FINALLY!! HOW DID NOBODY ELSE SEE THAT!? JESUS CHRIST AM I TAKING CRAZY PILLS??
Yes, yes you are.
We only have 6 superbowls, how many does your team have?
a quarterback who never raped anyone.
Congratulations on the little one.  The best peace of advice I can give you if your interested.  Bring coffee or something to help you with the lack of sleep.  Babies are up every two hours feeding.  Yes the majority of the work will be up to her if she is going to breast feed.  My wife was unable to with both kids.  So we took turns with feedings.  You will never be more tired in your life.  Also you will need some kind of entertainment.  Sitting there can get really boring.  I know this is going to sound bad.  Don't be afraid to kick people out.  Be nice or have the nurses do it.  My daughter was the first grand-kid.  Everyone came in to see her and hold her.  We have been up for over 24 hours and having ten plus people got really overwhelming.  I went to get ice when a really nice nurse stopped me and asked if I wanted her to kick everyone out.  At first I was confused and asked if we were bothering other people.  She told me no.  She just saw the look of a zombie on my face and thought we could use a little us time.  I did not know how stressful having people over really was until they were gone.  It is okay to be a little selfish about it.  It is a time for you the baby and your fiancee.  There will be plenty of time after you get home for them to see the baby.  Good luck and I am sorry for the novel.  I just wish people told me this.  
True, true!  Having a baby wears the parents out and truly they are not up for visiting! However saying that I will also point out that most people who are hospitalized are not up for visiting!  I had colon cancer and colectomy and hated when people stayed longer than 15 minutes cause I was tired and in pain. It is very nice that someone takes the time to stop in but please make it brief! 
this is pretty much reddit nowadays.all title.crap picture
 My friend, Summer Reddit...
No, it's not "summer reddit" it's just reddit. Ya fuckin newbies have zero perspective. 
does being here for almost a decade kind of make you hate yourself a lot?
Not even a little. 
I found one of my dog's toys in one of the care packages my wife sent me while I was in Iraq. When I thanked my wife for the laugh she told me she didn't do it. The idea my dog sent me a care package made it all the better.
Awww, your dog gave the baby a gift. 
"Here, take this. Trust me on this one."
he thinks he is going too.
Or Feyonce, because you put a ring on it.
It's not relevant to anything, but i have those same boxer-briefs..P.S. Good luck, you two got this!
They're the best! Dat ringer style!
Me too.
Walmart has a hell of deal on men's underwear
Yep. You are ready for Dad Life
The dog was just packing it's own things too, just in case.
He's gonna have to protect this baby, he wants to be there with you
Thank you. Your comment pushed this from adorable to freaking adorable.
That's what I'm here for!
"I love you, ugly bald puppy."
She's VERY pregnant. Not just pregnant
All I could think about. So OP, just how pregnant is she?
Very. 
She's 37 weeks
That is indeed very pregnant. 
Very pregnant is that point where you're laying on your back and you've been rendered helpless like a turtle on it's back. 
It's frustrating, especially when my fiance just looks and laughs at me. 
Ohh jesus. Okay being a woman and hearing this makes me want to die. The thought of being pregnant makes me literally want to die.
As a currently pregnant woman, I can confirm that there are increasing levels of pregnant. ."VERY pregnant" is being so pregnant that you almost aren't pregnant anymore. Which I am, and it looks like this fiance is as well. 
This comment's score: 1.Reason for score:.othersomethings's overall score: 2. othersomethings's overall rank: 65 ..
I don't think that, in the history of everything,no sentence stating "so ___ that I almost wasn't ___" has ever worked besides that one.
[deleted]
So Alive I almost wasn't alive?
So old that you died.
So near death that you almost aren't near death anymore.
So fat that you aren't really fat anymore
That's two words in a blank. That's cheating!
As someone who just had their first kid a week ago, I hope everything goes well..If a doctor / nurse treats you or your fiancee badly, don't be afraid to speak up.
This is INCREDIBLY GOOD ADVICE..We had a couple of bad nurses when we had our first kid. It was actually dangerous but I didn't know that until after everything was said and done. The worst part about it, the doctor and some of the nurses knew that one of the nurses was incompetent. I only figured it out afterward.
Exactly. You never know. You can't let your guard down, regardless of how right someone sounds. Ask about what they're doing and why they're doing it. They shouldn't have a problem with you making sure your loved one is getting proper care..Sorry to hear you had a similar experience, but it sounds like everything turned out okay! (:
More importantly. Hire a Doula. Your job is to be with your wife, comfort her however she needs, not to run around the hospital looking for doctors/nurses to argue with. That is the doula's job. .Seriously, she will make your birth experience better.
That is awesome as well. I've never looked into a doula before. Would they be willing to stay a week and a half though?
My wife had a baby 1 month ago. I agree to this. You are your fiancs voice. Make sure you stand up for her. if she ends up with a C-section she might be in too much pain to do anything. 
I hope I'm wrong.... but..... It sounds like there's a story here. I'm bored and on the porcelain throne, elaborate. Please. 
A doctor/nurse once treated horrorslice's fiance badly. Once.
That doctor/nurse won't be able to do that again. 
They'll be lucky if they can do anything again.
You got her pregnant.  You did not forget the bone..hth.
I didn't . the bones, I ate the bones.
I ate the bones?
Better than getting a dirty sooner pregnant. ._
oh shit.
Am I missing something here?  My wife is a sooner and now I fear you are watching me.
 
But congrats to OP and his fiancee. Pregnancy is always worth the weight. 
It was very subtle how you slipped on past the goalie there.
Excuse me, but what does hth mean? Hope this helps?
[deleted]
Spam
Nailed it.
So did OP. 
Well played
Nailed like a split hog!
My wife had to have a C-section after pushing for quite a while. Two epidurals later, our baby was here..We got put into the recovery room. The first few nurses were good... then we got the one that should be fired for negligence. My wife started having intense abdomen pain. This is about 24 hours after the C-section. She started telling the nurse about her pains, she ignored it and said "oh it doesn't hurt that bad, you're fine". While showing her how to breastfeed as well, she was really rough with her saying "it's supposed to hurt.".I went to find another nurse to get a doctor. Eventually an OB came in to check on her after the C-section to see how she was recovering. Upon hearing the abdomen pain, was worried about it being internal bleeding, and said she didn't have time for a CT scan. She went into surgery again to check things out. Turns out, her colon swelled to the point where it almost ruptured. They removed her appendix to drain some of the gas/poo. It still didn't get better after that. It swelled back up again. They wanted to remove her colon. It wasn't until some hot shot surgeon came in, called everyone retarded for giving her 37ml+ of dilaudid within a 8 hour period. Said it was paralyzing her colon. She had to stop with any narcotics, any eating, drinking. She was only allowed Tylenol and Motrin. She was strictly IV only for 3 days, and had a NG tube down to her stomach to take out the bile..If this nurse continued to ignore her, and I didn't get a doctor, my wife may not be alive today or possibly not have her colon. After the other nurses finding out they got the charge nurse, who said you can TELL them you want a new nurse. After this, we were VIP at the hospital. My wife received top notch care. A doctor came in every few hours to make sure she was okay, and my wife had her own dedicated nurse separate from my daughter..This is why I advise OP and anyone else to make sure you are getting the best care. It could be nothing, but it could be serious.
That sounds almost like it was a subplot in a House episode. 
Total Doctor House moment.
+1 for saying gas/poo 
I seriously hope that the negligent nurse gets disciplined. That's not right, it's her fucking job to take care of patients.
Who knows. Maybe the writers will stumble across this and make it happen. (;
Unfortunately, the show is over. I did just watch an episode about a crazy pregnancy and House did call everyone idiots. I'll call it close enough. 
I'm so glad things turned out ok for you all, that's a terrifying story.  At the hospital system I work at, patients can call a "Condition Help" (similar to staff calling a Condition C, A, etc. for medical emergencies) and basically everyone drops what they are doing and a team of doctors, nurses, and social workers assemble to assess the situation and figure out what is going on and what needs to be done.  It's basically called when a patient feels something bad is going on, their needs aren't being met, and staff aren't listening to them.
Wow that is pretty awesome. I'm not sure if Kaiser offers that. If they do, they never mentioned anything before.
My sister went through something like this last year, only not pregnant. But terrible staff. She has crohns disease and ulcerative colitis. She went to the ER and told them that she kept throwing up and that she was in extreme pain. .The nurse looked at her and told her she was fine and gave her anti-nausea meds and sent her packing. Twice. .The third time she went in, she was so swollen visually that they rushed her into a room to start doing tests. They almost killed her with the anti-nausea medication. .Turned out, she was expelling everything because she had a huge blockage in her small intestine. Nothing could get through. They almost had to remove sections of her colon because that nurse turned her away. .Her GI doctor filed a formal complaint with whoever runs the hospital and my sister was treated like a VIP for her entire two week stay. .If only that nurse bad listened and contacted her GI like she was supposed to, none of this would have happened. .I'm glad your wife came out of it okay. Hospitals can be scary as hell sometimes... Ugh. 
Yup. That is really similar. It's an awful experience that I hope very few people have to go through. I'm glad the GI took charge and helped your sister out! Shows you that just like everywhere else, there are good and bad people out there.
I have to ask, was . that surgeon? 
Actually, he looked more like 
 
Exactly. We had a rough birth and had to be transferred after my section. The first night in this hospital where my doctors were not contracted I had a gallbladder attack(which i didn't know this yet) I described it very clearly through pukes to the nurse. She kept pushing me to take pain pills, which I'm allergic to. Was incredibly unhelpful and mean. Thankfully it passed and I never saw her again .If I'd had more than 3 hours sleep in the last 48 hours, and wasn't worried about my baby living through the night and dealing with Bell's palsy I would have complained. I still really hate that I never did. 
It makes me upset to keep hearing stories similar to mine. The thing is, when you're sleep deprived and in the moment, you don't think about these kinds of things. I wouldn't have complained if the other nurses and docs didn't bring it up. I was more worried about my wife's health..Don't regret that you didn't report her. If it's a reoccurring incident, things will come back to bite her in the ass.
True. Ugh the nurse telling your wife breast feeding is suppose to hurt drives me nuts too. It doesn't hurt if the latch is proper. .I hope everything is going smoothly now. 
It's going fine, but the wife is too sore to hold her while breast feeding so we are pumping..The nurse also didn't believe my daughter was latching properly until the Lactation Consultant came in. It's like, YES, she can latch. We've been strictly breast feeding her for 2 days now.
That's tough. I had my gallbladder out when my daughter was 13 weeks old(15lbs) and she was too heavy to lift often. Nursing lying down was my only option. 
Wow. I'm no doctor, but that's about four and a half times more dilaudid in that time period than the most I've ever heard of.
The surgeon was saying the same thing. she was setup on a limited pain pump and she could press the button whenever it hurt (limited of course). It ended up being a vicious cycle because it would take the edge off for a short period, but it didn't allow her to heal.
"Vicious cycle" is certainly a vast understatement if that much dilaudid didn't take the edge off. It's basically synthetic heroin; the maximum rule as I remember is 2 mL every two hours, though I suppose there may be exceptions..The human body is surprisingly resilient and can take a normally lethal dose of pain medication without death if enough pain is present. Side effects of . dosing, however, may still result in death as you nearly found out..I'm really glad she's okay now!
Thanks! I have no idea why she was getting that much if it wasn't working. In retrospect I should have brought it up sooner. Keep in mind this in addition to two epidurals, and whatever meds they used for the C-section and second surgery. I have no idea how she did it all. 
This makes me angry as someone who is working towards becoming a nurse. My mom and aunt are nurses and I get that they work long hours, most patients can be asses and the job can be overall horrible. But, that's no excuse to not pay attention to your patient and listen. I hope when I graduate and get a job, I can try to be a great nurse no matter what the job throws at me. 
Good nurses are honestly the best thing. I have a chronic colon issue, and had to have a good portion of mine removed a little over two years ago. I was the youngest patient in the hospital who wasn't born there (turned 18 the day I was admitted and there was no pediatrics ward). My nurse honestly kept me sane. .Best moment? Like I said, I was admitted on my 18th birthday. And as someone who is usually a crier (I just am- feelings tend to come out my eyes) a hefty dose of morphine makes me a sobber. When he found out what was wrong, he wrote happy birthday on my new saline bag and got the staff to sing to me. I was drugged up and feeling bad for myself and in a shitton of pain, but it made me so, so happy. .Good nurses rock. 
I've had nurses and doctors who have obviously been on very long shifts and are tired and they'll still look into things to make sure I'm ok. Best people imaginable..Of course there are some doctors who think they know your body better then you do, which is fine, I didn't go to medical school but it's not an excuse for not listening.
I'm glad that you aspiring to be a great nurse! The other ones we had were great. I don't think we were rude or demanding at all. We had people pulling double-shifts to take care of us. One nurse requested that every shift be with us. .We had one nurse that I thought was going to be rude and stubborn, but she turned out to be the nicest one. She took care of my wife like she was her own child. She didn't want to sleep in the bed because once her colon started working, she couldn't control her bowels, and couldn't make it to the bathroom fast enough. The nurse spent 45 minutes or so making her bed comfortable for her to sleep in. She told my wife "Don't worry about anything. If you soil the bed, I'll come clean you and the bed. As many times as you need honey.".I have never seen so much dedication from a stranger before. This was beyond her duties..We plan on coming back after she's fully recovered with tons of cookies and thank you cards for everyone that took care of her. Hopefully things like this make the hospital staff feel appreciated.
I'm glad to hear that you guys only got one bad apple. From reading your comments, I don't see you or your wife being rude. The nurses I'm sure will appreciate the cookies and cards. Patients like you and your wife are what make it better. Its like a faith in humanity has been restored type thing. Glad to hear your wife and little one are doing better! Best of luck to you and your family! :)
Thanks! My daughter is 100% fine. She was discharged on Thursday while my wife was discharged on Monday. The nurses still took care of my daughter by bringing diapers and formula to supplement breast feeding. My wife has a little ways to go, but that's because of the C-section..I wish you luck into becoming such a great nurse a redditor praises you! :P
I work in a hospital and almost everyone on my unit works their asses off to make sure the patients and their families are comfortable. When a patient sends a follow up thank you card or treats it really makes our day. It sounds silly, but it is so nice to know that someone appreciated all we did. Yes, it is our job to care for the patients but many of them seem to forget we are people with feelings too. I work night shift and if you want to be remembered as the best patient ever send something in after 9pm (coffee, doughnuts) and they will LOVE you. Day shift always eats all the treats but the time we get there!
I didn't even think about giving the nurses the food I brought. ): Now I feel like I could have done more.
That was a great story, and .ow.veryone.ill.lways.emember this.nowledge.
Real cute Brian.
Isn't that kind of cheap?
so...uh...do you know each other like...in real life?
[deleted]
Oh, ok. Uhm...Thomas?
I hope that they do though. I don't want anyone to go through what me and my wife did. It took roughly a full week for her to start to walk again..Not only did this nurse make my wife cry and put her in pain, but she potentially put her life into danger. The whole hospital knows about it now, and since her Mom works there, it's very possible that she is going to be under investigation.
"Hey, d'you remember that patient?"."Oh, the one that wouldn't stop whining about a little stomach pain?"."Yeah. Her colon was swollen. She could have died."."...Oh."."Yeah. Did you know she's M's daughter?"."....." 
Something close to that. The nurse was an old asian lady. The best part was when the OB yelled at her..OB: Can you get an ultrasound machine?.Nurse: We don't have one in here.OB: Where are they at?.Nurse: Right next door.OB: GO GET IT.The OB was not about to fuck around.
This shit happens way too much. I go to BK drive through, old Asian lady standing there saying she doesn't have change. Fine, charge my card 59 cents for ice cream cone and pay fees for using the machine. I go to subway to eat, the Asian owner hired an old Asian lady. She messed up everyone's order during rush hour lol and she had to throw away some..Good luck and congrats. I forgot what this thread is about...  
And then?
She stole my job opportunity :( .It's not what you know, it's who you know. I missed my chance of banging a girl behind the counter. 

Not very PC, but as soon as you described her as an "old Asian lady" it all made sense
Haha. I know what you mean. That's really the only way to describe her. I'm not sure if she didn't care about my wife, or in her mind she was doing the right thing.
Tldr; don't trust old Asian ladies.
I'll be an old Asian lady one day :( 

Similar yet unrelated story. was being treated for psychosis at a mental health ward. They were giving me haloperidol and I kept telling them my vision was so bad I couldn't read, and that my muscles felt very stiff and crampy. They ignored me. eventually I was walking around hunched over with my head cocked to the side like an old hagwitch, and they told me to "quit faking it". So I went and laid in my room. My muscles felt like rubber-bands that somebody was gradually twisting up tighter and tighter, to the point where I thought my damn neck was going to break. eventually one of the head nurses from another unit was doing a walk through or something and noticed me. started cussing out the staff for negligence and had some liquid shot to counter act the effects rushed to me immediately. the pain was excruciating. I was later told, that had she not seen me when she did, I probably would have died. Seriously I hate nurses who don't do their jobs.
That sounds entirely shitty. Glad you're okay. There are generally folks who tend to take issues seriously and ones that don't. Maybe it's complacency, who knows. 
You aren't from ms, and this wasn't like a month ago was it?.I had something really similar happen to a friend....Shit got intense.
Naw MN homie. Yea they seriously need to quit using that drug, its literally killed people. 

My dog will bring bones and toys to my girlfriends cat. Then he proceeds to sit down and whine at the cat presumably not understanding why the cat doesn't want to chew on his bone..My girlfriend and I are convinced that they will give us diabetes by how sweet they are together.
Pics. For science.
you just give me diabetes with this comment
girlfriend's* cat.Learn this.
Maybe it's a community owned cat. Maybe he's a polygamist. :X
I too wonder why people don't chew on my bone
LOLLLOLOLOLOL!!!
Ask not whom the bone bones; it bones thee.
Fuck it, here's an upvote.
Cannibalism is generally frowned upon, especially in regards to genitals.
Remove teeth. Problem solved.
Suck my boner (that's the joke, he meant his peen dude)
[deleted]
Well... I'm convinced
What the fuck?
Wow, losing . as a default subreddit for your audience must be hard on you.
? I thought it was .......I need to clean out my fridge.
You should read "Cannibal"..

And buy some Farva beans and a nice Cianti.
Nah man, that book was so much more fucked up than any horror movie will ever be.. Its about armin meiwes, aka the cannibal of rotenburg.. part biography, part extremely detailed rundown of the events that got him arrested. Particularly the part where he tries half a dozen methods of removing his dinner's penis, but finds that penises are quite sinewy and difficult to remove without a proper blade.. and that they pretty much shrivel up into a black, inedible morsel of gristle when you try to sautee them.
Cannibal tips ITT. The best meat comes from vegetarian, pre-pubescent females, with most species anyway. 
It may be more tender coming from what you said, but i think mid-pubescent vegan competition swimmer of either gender.. swimmers bulk up a little bit without getting all gristly like someone who lifts..EDIT: and processed foods, fast food, soda ect would probably ruin the meat.
he was talking about his you know what idiot. now that we're on the topic of inmature posts let me tell you that redit isnt the same as it was 6 years ago. their were only intelectuals on the site not teens. lets restore redit.
Have another upvote #fabturd.
You have no testicles or penis or vagina. That must have been tough to hear, and I'm sorry. You're like a sad little unic trying to find other unics to form a powerful unic squad that doesn't get mocked for being stupid. .How's that working out for you Ferd?
I'm glad somebody is saying this. redit would really benefit from an 18 or older checkbox on the user agreement.
Wow.  Beautiful.  You saved him, he let you get a glamour shot, you get karma.  
FAAAAAKE
"hmmff"- these birds
Of course they're angry; they are sitting on a throne of shit.
It's the bird mafia.  
Bird nests amaze me.
I'd be upset too if I had to live in a poop bowl.
*Baby angry birds
"The Avian Community Frowns Upon Your Shenanegans"
the angle and pose of the birds makes this pic look like they're an evil council or something
We pronounce you guilty!
Did piggies take their eggs?
In my head they're all thinking, "I don't wanna share this nest anymore" and planning how they will throw each other out.
You would be angry too if you had to live in a heaping pile of your own shit.
NYAHH HINNIEHAH
You have incurred the wrath of the high council. 
I have those on my porch, and those cute little fuckers always stick their asses over their nest, and SHIT all over my nice  clean porch. If they didn't eat mosquitos... >:(
Baby birds always look like they're pissed off at the world, for some reason.
Meeeh see, Meeh motherfucking see.
B[.That's what I see.
Down vote for angry birds. 
You came to the wrong neighborhood!
My brain saw a creepy ass man standing there with a bumpy face and 5 googly eyes.."Jesus fu... holy hell, it's just birds."
I love barn swallows, they're so cool. But you know what else would be cool? If you posted this to ..
"We better get something to eat soon or somebody's shit is gonna get fucked up!"

You'd be mad too if your house looked like a huge pile of shit.
Mistook this for an infected foot with nasty toes at first....
awwwwwwwwwwww they are soo cute 
Oh dear lord. They're on patrol. Watch yourself!
I had these on my porch too! They grow up so fast each day, its so neat. They're gone before you know it.
"these birds are being dicks!" "really what are they doing" "Ya know... making like, nests and stuff, and bein all.... nature like... yeah"
Oh god why are they all so mad at me
We've had barn swallows nesting at our house every year. They are great at keeping the mosquito population down. They return to the same nests every year, and it's fun watching them get into arguments over who gets to use the nest this year!
Barn swallows, Kill.Them.All
Why? They aren't considered a pest, that I'm aware of. O_o
lol, umad bros?
They protect their nest by swooping down and making you shit your pants
Pussy
Unless you like bugs.
they were looking down at these little guys  
At least when you fire them out of a slingshot, they can't fly away. 
Baby birds do not approve of that outfit. 
You came to the wrong house mother fucker.
These barn swallows are nested right above my parents's front door.  
We had some barn swallows nest outside our back door at work. Four babies hatched! Then they all died like a week later. 
Lovely! Don't knock the nest down if you live in Texas, they're protected somehow and I think it's technically illegal.
[deleted]
Pretty sure it's also illegal to just go knocking down people's houses without their permission.
I knock the nest down after they leave, I gave up because they love to rebuild. Before I know it my porch is covered in bird shit again hahaha. Just built a shelf underneath the nest to catch the droppings.
I know this because family guy.
How would authorities know about it? Would the birds go call 911 from a convenience store payphone and report the guy to the police? Would police come write a ticket because you displaced a birds nest?
The guilt would live in your soul forever because barn swallows are 8 kinds of awesome.
The little fuckers are annoying is what they are.
This would make an excellent hat. 
You would like 
This is ., province of Cdiz, Spain. There are quite a few photos in . or ..
Hey dude, I just noticed your username. I'm in Castilla de la Mancha right now. Not sure if that's what your username is referring to. 
I was just there!
Wow...that resturant has really hit rock bottom. 

Living IN iraq 
I would be looking up . of the time.  And cringing.  Looking up and cringing.  

Posted every couple weeks... literally.
I hear they just now discovered the harlem shake
It's all fun and games till you have to put a nail through a wall.
more like IN a rock
Really? I've been on reddit over a year and have never seen it. 
 . . . . . . . .Almost all of these are less than a year old.
FTFY
Reminds me of this (Cliff Palace, Mesa Verda, Colorado):
I was just there! It was so amazing to see those ancient buildings and how well they've been held together despite being left out in the open (even though they have added on and fixed some things to keep it from falling and whatnot). Amazing Native American structures that everyone should have on their bucket list to visit.
Yeah, I was there with my family this Spring too. One of my favourite places to visit.
Anyone getting the Tatooine Skywalker home vibe?
These people must be really stupid by now.
you dont need the literally... literally
nice shade though
Wow. This place rocks.
Should be called the Lizard Tavern.

How the hell do those cars fit though there??
I have a feeling they drive along the road to there.
Somewhere under that rock is a retarded starfish.
That's the first thing I thought. And I haven't seen SpongeBob in years.
Does your name refer to Trailer Park Boys?
No. I just made it up after several unsuccessful attempts to find a name that wasn't already taken.
These look so cool
Man, multicam looks pretty sick.  Kind of wish they'd get rid of ABUs.
Women look really good in aviator sunglasses.
this is gonna throw archeologists for a loop when they find them....
"Hitler stache is reg...looked good on hitler"
So they had automatic weapons and an SH-60 when Pershing went after Pacho Villa?
It's amazing that color and style of a picture can change your perception of the time it was taken, despite the technology displayed that is a dead give-away for the era. This is art.
And how much is this going to fuck up historians who find these with no context?
This is really neat.
The blonde woman's glasses make her look like she's from the Nam era, very cool.
How do you get a legit sombrero in Afghanistan?
Hipsters have officially infiltrated the armed forces 
This is so awesome. I would love to see comparisons.
feels a little more frozen in time this way, doesn't it.
They forgot #nofilter 
These pics look great!
3rd guy (also guy in title shot) has fly down? for eternity 
Art imitating art..*3dit, formatting
Offspring from the over manly man
A lot of cool guy pictures, but . is the most real.
I get nothing out of abandoning all the modern advances in photography to emulate the stuff done with ancient crappy equipment and supplies. Feel the same about all the "old fashioned" looks, not just this one. I also don't drive a stick shift, buy LPs and use a turntable, or use film in my camera.
The flag in the second figure is facing the wrong way. I've see this done in movies but not IRL.
Why is this valuable in any way? It's losing detail for a junk filtered look. 
 how'd I do? What could I have done better?.: I get it, yall think it's terrible. Well a little more tinkering, and a suggestion from . below, I did a much better one with a picture of 
War is the pornography of violence..Its dark allure captures the imagination and the hopes of the young. The Bible calls it the "Lust of the Eye" and warns against it..The machines of death whether it'd be an Apache Helicopter which resembles an attractive Angel of Death or the ratcheting and entrenching sound of a Gatling gun firing at full force turn those elements of death attractive and interesting. They justify our uses of violence. Provides us psychological nourishment that our technological tools of death will protect us and make us better than those we hunt down..The machines of death utilized to mow down civilians and our enemies which have been reduced as less than human enable the creation of a fake sense of camaraderie which obliterates real feelings of friendships. Because camaraderie is not friendship since to keep a camaraderie alive, individualism, intellectualism, and our own personal volition must be squelched over the narrative of camaraderie which replaces real friendship, the counter-thesis to love..For in friendship, you find love. Platonic love. Where your intellectual beliefs and your being are respected and must not be compromised in order to accommodate to the environment around you..War is a force that gives us meaning. War exemplifies the depth of human stupidity and those depths have no bottom.
Really cool, but holy shit this is hipster.
See how the guy in the second photo looks like a bald hitler? That's why the world doesn't like US soldiers.
And now we don't have any quality pictures of those.
The ultimate hipster.  The pictures are not even of anything interesting.
call sign for the woman in #7 should be "Ferro", she could be a 1986 stunt double for Colette Hiller.
Enjoyed!  Thank you!
It would be cool if someone cleaned these up and colorized them.
Hey Schmidt, how about you get your fucking muzzle out of the dirt!  Ah, good times.
Janis Joppelin is in the military?!
So. Fuckin'. Legit.
Beautiful, nothing else to say.
Now color them... color ALL of them.
where do i get these
Damn it . . Mexican hat (sombrero) is on backwards . . . why do people insist on wearing the big folded side forward . .that goes in back.  
there's a kind of dignity in these types of photos...great pictures! 
Proof of time travel. Call the History Channel.
The guy in the sombrero was the best!  
This is just awesome. I'd love if they had more pics doing Civil War style poses.
This is awesome. 
Lost my shit at sombrero
That sombrero is awesome. 
These look really great. So damn cool. Plus, the gunships look extremely anachronistic on tintype.
'Look, perfectly normal photos. Ima gonna fuck them up!'
This is cool.  I normally downvote a lot more than I upvote on . because of all the emotionally-titled karma-whoring, but this is actually brilliant photography in addition to being interesting and out-of-the-ordinary.  This is one of the few posts on this sub that really earned my upvote.
More confusion for future archaeologists.
As a major Civil War history nerd/buff, this is very eerie and very cool.
So cool.
That's awesome..Really the only ones that I like are the portraits that mirror the Civil War tintypes.
, I'm not buying it.
Hipster goes to combat
"The first tintype combat-zone photography since the Civil War.".Yeah, except we were doing the same thing in Iraq/Kuwait back in 1991.
How exactly does this process work?
Is it just me, but when I see these, can't help but think of Ken Burns "The Civil War.  So, imagine, if you will these photos with the following narration:
[Ashokan Farewell plays, then fades as  David McCullough narration comes up]."The war in Afghanistan was begun with the thought that it would be a quick victory.  It turned into the longest armed conflict in U.S. history.  It was fought in hundreds of places, nearly all of which were unknown to most Americans when the war began.  Over 2700 would die, and over 20,000 would be wounded, many grievously.  This was the first conflict in which large numbers of women were in the combat zone, and the first in which significant numbers would both fight and die.  In a war which saw the United States use remotely piloted drone aircraft, many of it's dead were killed by a weapon not dissimilar from that used in the civil war: the remotely detonated mine..."
Incredible results. I'd love to see more people use tintype photography. I'm actually surprised about the amount of downvotes this has gotten. 
And so class, as you can see, photographic technologies did not progress much between 1800's and 2000's..But teacher, what if someone just used a really old camera?.Preposterous, why would someone want to do that?
I have a family photo album of tintypes that my great aunt gave me. I've been really wanting to post them on reddit but haven't found the time to do it. 
Fantastic!  Especially enjoy the poses which clearly mimic the Civil War fashion of posture and weapons display.
PJs
Boy, is this going to fuck with archaeologists of the future.
I love colorized old photos because they give us new perspectives on old scenarios through modern points of view. This is amazon because it gives us new perspectives on  modern scenarios by putting them in the point of view we use to view much I history. I love this so much.
I always liked this kind of photos.
Time for 
Am i the only one who can't imagine the past like the 1900's in color?
photo #13,I see why america can't win a war.you let pancho villa in.
It's amazing what a iphone can do. I've been using my Hipstamatic on my ipad mini. I see some serious vintage shit people take from that app.
Sweet Instagram filter 
Someone should colourize these. 
Great photos! It just so happens I finished reading a ghost story just before viewing and was still listening to .Made them even more awsome!
Great photos 
War. War never changes...
Nothing I can't do with the filters on Instagram. /s
This'll get buried but as opposed to colour photos, there's just something magical about old time back and white. 
Classy.
I'm kind of disappointed that I was not the only person who had a sombrero in a war zone. 
Dylan McDermott or Dermot Mulroney:  
well if that ain't the coolest
Wow, this may sound weird, but this really helps show me, that people back then....Looked the same as people do now.
Black guy time travel soldier "hold up guys, ima bout to free the salves" 
Is the guys zipper in #3 down?  
very cool
This proves my theory that people from the 1860s were inherently creepy looking and that tintype is not to blame.
This is going to confuse the shit out of people 500 years from now.
Wow.those are amazing

now someone needs to colorize the tintypes and we'll bring this sucker full circle
But where are all the tintype pictures of Indians?.Oh, yeah, we don't have those anymore..And isn't the U.S. flag patch in picture 2 facing the wrong way?  Shouldn't the star field always face forward?  
Credit to the photographer?
I wish a video game was made that starred the soldier in picture 3. He looks like a hard-knuckled protagonist if I've ever seen one
This... this is fucking cool.
soooooo.... is someone going to colorize these? 
Number 11 is great..Tim, the time traveling army negro.
Does anyone know of a decent photoshop tutorial to create as close to this finish as possible? I know nothing will be exactly like the real process, but something close would be cool. I tried playing around before and I found it really difficult . is as close as I got
Guy 5th from the bottom pic, with his hand on his leg....mmm....
Number 12 guy could have a career in Hollywood as "random tough looking soldier".
Is it just me or do these old timey photos look so much more legit when its a black person in it
This just makes me feel like we are living in the future...
I bet it's hard to do a daguerreotype in the dessert.
Awesome pics of Task Force Pedro and their PJ's at Bastion, bunch of Air Force kooks I was happy to work with.
This is incredible! I've always wanted to get into making tin-type photos. I always see the old ones at antique stores and I think they're incredible.
I read the title of this wicked fast and thought these WERE photos from the Civil War for a split second...I was like, "Wow...the technology was so different than from what the school tries to tell us..."
That was Omega-badass. The intesity is amazing.
These guys better feel bad ass, because they certainly look it.
The person in the distant future that finds these and the ones from the civil war will be all sorts of confused.
TIL that for military types, "awesome" is the go to word.
dang dog that is so cool! I have some old tin types of ancient relatives, all of which look suspiciously like rasputin
Weird to see a Pave Hawk in olde-timey photography.
Future generation are gonna get really confused by this. 
That picture of Leon Russell? Was great almost as good as the one of Zapata.
I've always wanted to try this. .Platinum printing and cyanotypes are fun as well. 
You know that feeling when you see a person and go "Now there's someone I don't want to fuck with" I basically got that feeling with every one of these
War, War never changes.
Why glorify shit like this.
adding a facade of glory to a pointless war
These photos are at least 75 years old.
Wow, these are brilliant! They look so WWII! Just because I don't know, what exactly is tintype/how does it work?
If this was an instagram filter you'd all be saying how stupid it is and asking why they "ruined" the photos.
Take THAT, Instagram.
Thank you for your service..Also, fuck the military industrial complex.
Man uses old time painting technique in Civil War. The first oil on canvas combat-zone painting since Waterloo..But in all seriousness this is exactly the same as using instagram.  Civil War photographers were using what was available to them at the time, not a technique to mimic an "old style aesthetic."  Most of these are just average photos and almost all of them are pretty bad from a technical point of view, especially when compared to actual civil war tintypes. 
Who gives a shit?
This is how all war photography should be done.
Brilliant!
old technique as in shitty photo filters? 
Yay! Way to turn a tragic loss of life and destruction into a hipster hobby.
Before I say this I'd like to preface by saying I respect every member (past and present) that serve for their sacrifice for my freedom. But the 11th picture down, "come on man! You look like your about to shoot someone for playing keep away w your helmet or something."
I don't understand... why not just use a dslr and Photoshop it later? 
What if all color photos are lost, and these are the only ones left. Then, like 3,000 years down the line they find these, and think that for some reason, our photography went through devolution, and blame it on the hipsters, which have been researched by historians very extensively.. 
So now they're recruiting hipsters? Desperate times call for desperate measures. 
New Instagram filter anyone?
I was curious how they stacked up so I put a couple of them side-by-side with photographs from the Civil War. It's pretty incredible to look at.. . 
You know what pleases me to see?.All the pros have great trigger discipline.
These are ridiculously bad ass.
damn we got some bad asses over there
Crappiest photographs taken since 1865!
These are amazing. The photographer is an aerial gunner named Ed Drew. The original photographs, and some of his other work, can be found here: 
And here I was wondering why they were all left-handed. Shit's backwards, yo.
OP are you with PEDRO? I suspect you are!!! 
nah...
Mad respect for anyone who takes the time and effort to drag a tintype camera with them through a war zone in an arid desert. No easy feat.
just beautiful. something about that old fashioned tintype that reminds us of our fragility. It makes the images seem rare and precious, which they are in some sense - or would be to someone who only had a glimpse into our world.
That female would have gotten smoked for days  in my unit...hands in her pockets, leaning against a wall, bdu's all fucked up, hairs not in reg, stupid aviator glasses like she's in the goddamned movies.  My CO would have her tit in the ringer for looking like that.
New instagram filter
How long until someone here colorizes them?
War, war never changes.
Source: ..
Last dude is a fucking legit operator. 
does this technique mirror the real image or something? Or is this guy in a unit almost entirely of lefties?
I'm more amazed at how well civil war era photos have kept over the years. My parents photo albums are all faded and thats from only 30+ years ago. These new tin types appear to be the same age as the old ones. Amazing
those are some of the coolest fucking photo's I've seen in a long time!
No. 2's flag patch is backwards.
Someone should colorize these... the irony would be amazing!!
How to notice your overly addicted to buying new gear... You spot both oakley gloves and a benchmade pocket knife...
Ok, how exactly does one shoot pictures like these? What kind of equipment does one need?
What a bunch of bad asses. The photographer too.
I really like these.
 
21 century cameras have taken the art out of photography, these are beautiful!
Nice and classy way to glorify war and nationalism.
Thank you for your service to the 0.01 percent.
The hipsters. They're everywhere. 
Real photographers use daguerreotype.
why?
Waiting for Instagram puns...
Your . based on your comment history.  
Instagram takes no effort and produces a lot of nonsensical crap.."Lol, look at my lunch through this Polaroid filter!".What this photographer did required antiquated equipment, specific knowledge, and artistic and historic inspiration. Nobody used to seeing genuine new photos taken with such old cameras, so it's much more effective.
why not?
I'm not OP, but I was deployed with these guys. Know every one of them! Just got back about month ago! I don't think he knows his pics are here... Also, yes, we're Pedro. Did CSAR in Helmand province (already public knowledge).
Good ol Pedro!!!! .Welcome home. 
 is that-a-way
Pretty sure you just made it black and white.
Noo, I messed with levels, fuzzed the edges, burnt sections, dodged sections, sharpened bits, enhanced highlights and shadows... 
google "old film texture"..apply the . on overlay or something appropriate..duplicate the image. blur one, set it to 50% transparency or something..bump up those darks..post result.
Yeah, that's a lot better.. 
I did a much better job with 
because photography has been so flooded by hacks, that some hacks need a way of differentiating themselves from the majority of hacks.
Thanks
No, the pants have two layers of fabic where the fly would be. The buttons are on the inner most layer, and the outer most layer doesn't always lay flat. 
thats no fun
Your loss, dude.
Nope, my gain.
Some of the images remain flipped. They all start off flipped but the ones with text have been flipped back to the true life orientation in an editing program. . is an example of the natural, flipped way the camera takes photos. That rifle is left handed in the picture, but the US military does not issue left handed rifles, so we know its flipped. 
For a moment, I thought it was flipped, too, but it's not. The field of stars is supposed to be foremost when a flag is displayed horizontally, so that it looks like it streaming in the wind. The patch is just backwards.
Not just streaming in the wind, but ..
'MERCA
Apparently I got hit by wordcloudbot.
Yes the flag should be charging, never retreating.
wat 
US soldiers are figuratively Hitler.
Come on, u/WordCloudBot, hit me!
Your . based on your comment history.  

lol
Your freedom to do what?
Point taken.

The pic of the Blackhawk is my favorite, the one above the girl with aviators. And the mustachioed guy below that girl with aviators. These are AWSOME
also, the girl with the aviators. awesome. 
A friend of mine does tin typing in New York City and she did some free ones for me a few weeks ago.  Definitely the coolest photos I have of myself.  Things appear darker and grittier, I got to watch them prep the metal and develop the photo after.  pretty awesome stuff.
Now Ken Burns has no excuse in not making a documentary. Hopefully these same guys wrote beautiful prose to loved ones throughout their deployment.
There's too much live footage to kick a documentary Ken Burns style..Though I'd be living a dream if Tom Hanks read one of my letters to my girlfriend, with a tintype photo of me on screen and fiddles playing sad music in the background.
"Aaarrrrr, absolutely badassess!"
Ohhh, look out instagram!  tintype.com here we come!
Now who's going to clean them up and colorize them?
I think there should be a rule that all war photography must be tintype.
The guy in picture number 3 is wearing two watches.
This is kinda creepy, in the way that people may look at these pictures as future laser wars go on and think, "oh how times have changed"
Back in my day, they called it Photoshop.
Of all the things to remember to pack into a sack when headed out to war in Afghanistan... The 103rd Fighting Mariachis
There's a filter for that
Or you can use Instagram. 
It makes me angry that instagram and it's users will ruin this type of pure art and expression by grossly over using a copycat filter. Please please may it not happen.
C.S.A.R. FTW !
one of these things are not like the other
Just fucking beautiful photos. My favourite is the guys repairing the rotor. Looks like it could have been taken years ago or now in many respects. We have some photos of my wife's (RAF engineer) grandad just like this
Excellent pictures. Off-topic question: in the second picture, is the flag patch on backwards? I thought the stars were supposed to be towards the front.
You are correct.  That guy was probably Air Force and has never worn UNICAM before..The flag should always have the field facing forward, so it appears to be charging into battle; never retreating..Some Air Force uniforms (mostly the one-piece flight suits) use the US flag patch on the left arm, but it is oriented properly.  The Army's been wearing the flag on a regular basis much longer, and it has always been worn on the right arm with the patch you see in that photo.  The UNICAMs were modeled after the ACUs, so they retained the "backwards" flag patch as a standard issue.  You can still get the correct orientation if you want to wear it on the left, but Army regulations state it's worn on the right arm only.  That's why I'll bet the man in the photo is Air Force..Anyone feel free to correct me if other branches are known to wear the flag on the left arm..Source:  I'm an Air Force vet working as a contractor for the US Army.
[deleted]
Even if the image was mirrored, the field should still be facing the front of the person.  The camera wouldn't just mirror the flag and leave everything else alone.
Yeah, the other guy in the photo set with that patch on the shoulder has USAF rank. Think you nailed it.
God damn, this seems so blatantly obvious. Sorry, I've been drinking. And I was overly excited that my expertise from having watched Jesse James Uncovered on the Military channel over the weekend had come in handy,  where they remade a Tin Type photograph to show that Jesse James was actually right handed, not like the single photograph that exists of him indicates. Shit. 
I see, I had an unfair advantage then.  Looks like it's time to open the rum and even the playing field.
and they thought billy the kid was left handed because the only photo ever taken of him was a tintype.
I like the cut of your jib
Source with more pictures: . 
The second one looks a lot like Hitler.
Damn, a couple of those are really good. The one with the pilot/crew chief/gunner (whatever he is) fucking rocks.
These makes everything seem more important. How fucked up is that?
Is it just me or is the military above average in terms of attractiveness?
They work out.
Yeah I guess that could be part of it.
This is true because much of what society deems attractiveness is based on health and military folks are way healthier than the average american..If you're fit, you look better regardless of your features. You're less likely to be overweight and bloated looking. If you're really fit, it's hard to look really gross I imagine.
Verily he doth hoist.
that is amazing.
3rd pic will be the next cover of battlefield or cod 
He is not the first one to do this. See 
That is fucking AWESOME!!! . and . may appreciate this
That lady may be the first female soldier to ever be in tintype. 
Holy crap I was there! Deployed with these guys - we just got back. I'll have to let him know his pics are well-received.
how many civilians you kill?
Haha, nah, was a fobbit.
Does the technique reverse the image? There are a lot of left-handed shooters in addition to the reversed patches, etc.
Number 2 is wearing his flag patch wrong..I thought this was America!
who's the photographer? 
Archaeologists and historians are going to be so confused in the future.
-Glavius Prime 33211, Era 2 3322.33
These are awesome, I love the style it has and how it makes things feel grittier.
Na, in 300 years somebody is gonna ask us to colorize there great grandfather in Afghanistan...
The lack of trigger discipline on number 11 bugs me >.<
Artistically fantastic. Historically confusing.
We have shared the incommunicable experience of war, we have felt, we still feel, the passion of life to its top. In our youth our hearts were touched with fire.. Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.

Haha, exactly, I loved that civil war ken burns music collection. Still have it on casette. Johnny has gone for a soldier is another great song that captures this same mood..Also thanks for sharing, haven't heard it in a while, but still gives me chills.
Same military. Different war. Shows how much has changed and yet so little at the same time.
Picture number 8 must be during march. 
The girl in the sunglasses looks really cool.
Looks a bit like the pilot from Aliens
I can't like this enough. I worked in a combat camera unit when I was in and I took a class in tin type photography, so to see both in one place is just beautiful.
The helicopters are USAF and their call sign is Pedro (XX).  They are apart of the Rescue unit in Afghanistan.  I think they are in Bastion FOB but it could be the newer building in Kandahar.  .Source: Was there 2009 and 2010 in the USAF 55th Rescue.
Keep it OPSEC. 
Yeah I still don't like it.  Source:  I'm in Afghanistan right now.  
This all public information he isn't going to kill anyone over this. Learn your OPSEC! 
I was just giving some background information but everything I said is fine and non-secret.  Type in pedro and usaf in youtube and you'll find out way more then I said.
Unit's exact locations are supposed to be, i know there's a ton of shit on youtube, I'm just giving a friendly reminder.
The USAF authorized a documentary of our forces so anyone can know where we are and what call signs we use so yeah..The opposition knows exactly where we are.  I got rocketed everyday so I really do know they know where we are at.  I didn't give GPS coordinates, photos, or anything that would compromise our forces..Chill out...
Well then obviously the OPSEC class our BN gave was wrong. Fuck me for trying to do the right thing.
PEDRO was features in National Geographic's "Inside Combat Rescue." Pretty amazing stuff these guys do.
This is gonna confuse the fuck out of some historians in the future.
My girlfriend does this. Here I am in 
How does that chick in #7 have such long hair in a deployed zone?
Females can have long hair, you just have to put it up in a bun when in uniform.
That's going to confuse the fuck outta future historians when they discover these in our post-apocalyptic ruins!!!!
Is it just me or does that guy in picture two look like an american Hitler?
no, but I was bothered by it (and others) apparently being scanned in on the wrong side, making it a mirror image AND the guy having the wrong flag on his right arm. you can tell from 'pedro' patch on the ones that aren't mirror images.
He looks nothing like Hitler.
What happened to trigger discipline on picture 11?
To be fair his finger isn't inside the trigger guard.
"Keep your finger straight and off the tri-ah fuck it, this will look way cooler on Instagram!"
Looks almost like he is trying hard to copy the mannerisms of people in 1800s tin-types. Pistol cross your chest, finger on the trigger, no smiling.
I came here to ask the same thing.  Dude should be doing front-back-go's for a couple hours.
Probably an officer. 
The . are government certified badasses.
Damn good read. Thanks.
Just a couple of visits and the link is gone..
A guy from my BMT flight just graduated Pararescue school! True heroes there.
I was on Leatherneck in 2012 and Pedro would host a full moon 5K every month on Camp Bastion.  Lots of fun.
This is totally going to become a thing insufferable hipsters are into.."Yeah, I'm thinking about quitting school and really focusing on my tin-typing."
Y'know, I think I'd be okay with this.  It's a pretty cool process, with nice results.
I don't understand this..Why would you want a less than stellar photograph? We have the technology, why not use it. I get  that some stuff is "done the old way" for a reason... But this, this makes no sense to me. 
Artistic choice.
I think the goal of this project was to use photography as a bridge between the Afghanistan war and the Civil War. Many of us are familiar with the Civil War-era portraits of soldiers taken with this form of photography, so it is interesting to see this technique replicated with modern soldiers. .Either that or he just wanted to have fun with some old timey techniques. .Frankly, if these photos had been taken with modern cameras, I probably would have found them to be boring, sitting alongside thousands of similar photos. The technique, paired with the subject matter is what makes these photos interesting and worth talking about. 

It makes plenty of sense if seen from an art/photography standpoint.
Genocide made sense from Hitler's standpoint..Just because something is unique or different does not make it useful.
Dammit we said you don't need the red light. Roxanne do you see why now?
Yeah, well the light probably would've helped this guys exposure....BOOM!
The red tint would be pretty nifty
Oh God you're retarded
Photos like this are just so awesome. I've always wanted to have my picture taken this way. I have what I think may be a tin type photo of my great grandmother wearing a traditional Macedonian folk dance outfit that I've now inherited. I would love to do a photo recreation. 
There are folks who take 19th century photos/images out there. You can almost always find them at Civil War reenactments/living history exhibits. The majority of them are willing to do other work, you just need to chat with someone. .I've had a couple glassplate photos taken, but never a tintype.
  is usually the go to guy for wet plate photography.
I have you tagged as bastard better cross stitch. Did you cross stitch whatever you were supposed to yet?
Lol I am totally working on it! I should be done by the end of the week. 
Yes, I would..BUT, that's because a VAST majority of people using instagram just slap a shitty filter on it because "omg, this looks so artsy and cool!!!!!!"  Whereas this guy is doing this a specific way for a specific purpose.
My point was that an image has value nomatter who takes it or what process they use. 
But Hipsters?
There's a certain "grittiness" it captures. Pretty cool.
The fact that they're not smiling helps replicate the 1800s feel.
War... War never changes...
Or does it?
No, War never changes, although sometimes it does. So Yes, war never changes. Or is it no?
But does it . change?
That was my first thought too. I think capturing modern day soldiers with this old technology makes a huge statement about the unchanging nature of war.
I like the last one. .O Neg NKDA (No Known Drug Allergies)
its kinda sad and scary in a way that they need that on their chest. Like basically its inevitable that someone is going to need that info and you won't be able to tell them yourself
Has a Spec Ops feel to it. 
I'm pretty certain they are SF. The half-head helmets in the first picture are worn by special forces, as opposed to the ACH (Advanced Combat Helmet) worn by regular force members.
That's a PJ.
Most are wearing Crye G3 Combat pants so yes SF. 
This is awesome. Do you know the photographers name?
Thank you for asking the question. As someone with a lot of friends who are photojournalists, it drives me a little crazy to see that people really love great photography, but giving credit seems to be an afterthought too often.
I'm a freelance photographer so I feel their pain!
This is just going to confuse people in five hundred years' time.
No it probably won't. Like, at all. 

This is my Great Grandfather's tin picture from what my Nan thinks is the Boer War. I wish it looked as clean as these. Fantastic detail. 
Such a cool photo! He looks bad ass :)
Trying phoning a nearby museum / library / archive to see if they can recommend a photography conservator. If that doesn't pan out - or you don't want to interrupt anyone's work - go to the American Institute for Conservation of Historic and Artistic Works at . and use their 'Find a Conservator' function. I've had fantastic experience with everyone I've used from the AIC registry - both personally and professionally as a staff member at various historic house museums.
Thanks for the information, unfortunately I live in the UK. I'm sure there will be some kind of conservator in the area, it will just take some research. 
Is the photo exposed to air, or is it framed? Some forms of tintypes use a silver halide in the emulsion which if exposed to air will eventually oxidize. Ambrotypes, the precursor to tintypes, would be either sandwiched between two glass plates and sealed together, or varnished with a lavender oil. Either of those processes would protect the surface of the photograph from prematurely aging. If your photo's varnish has worn off, the oxidation will continue until the entire surface is black. I would suggest taking it to a photographic conservator to see if it can be either restored or at least conserved in a way to stop the oxidation. 
It was wrapped up in an envelope for many, many years. It was only discovered when my Grandad passed in April, he was terrible for squirreling things away. Since then it's being kept at my dad's, but it's not in a frame. My Nan is desperate to see it restored, do you think that is possible? I will at least see if I can have it preserved to save any further degeneration. She has very few pictures of her father as she herself is 92 and was excited by this discovery. Thanks for the advice, we have been wondering what to do. 

Those eyes. 
Wow thanks, that's more detail on the face that I thought you could get :)
was he Michael meyers
Was he black? Just curious for defining the facial structure.
No, White Irish (moved to London to be in the British Army) 
she lied...
Welp, fucked that pooch.
Poor Colby :(.
EVERY THREAD!
Colby 2012 Never Forget
Sauce .I almost posted the article, but like hell are people on reddit going to read a yahoo article
I thought for sure it was a photoshop technique, but the article seems to say otherwise.  Often these old tin types have blurry eyes because people can't stop blinking for the exposure.  These are all pretty crisp.  Nice find.  
Could have at least said the photographer's name instead of "man."
It's true. I blocked yahoo news, because the headlines/teasers make me sick. Thx, for retrieving the good parts from within that dung heap.
This is cooler than 99% of the shit that is on the front page of r/pics right now. What a shame.
How else am I going to see a picture of two elderly asian coffee shop workers?.Also: . 
Instagram is about to have a new filter!
Came here to find that comment, not disappointed.
le me came here searching for that le comment! le me was not le disappointed! XD.Edited:.le downboats? u guis arent very nice :(
ok, is this a thing? the above comment seems to be making fun of this phrase, with all the "le's." 
Gosh, now we have to colorized these,
And fuck the pictures up?  No thank you.
It would be interesting to see how a colorized version would look simply because we know (more or less) what the colors . look like.  It would probably help people figure out how to more accurately colorize such photos from the past.
Tintypes actually don't capture the full spectrum of light; what you're seeing is mostly the blue light reflected. So things are going to be brighter or darker based on what color they were, in a different way than with more modern films.
I would love to see an artist colorize a picture that he has only seen in black and white and then compare it to the same colored standard picture.  .Edit: Engrish
"This is a picture of my dad two weeks ago. Can someone colorize it?"
Two thoughts: Tintype photography really shows a depth of human emotion that other formats don't really capture. .And black people look fucking awesome in tintype photographs. 
YES I definitely thought that too!  
I really appreciate these tintype photographs. They are distinct in regards to the features that are highlighted and those deadened. As far as showing depth of emotion I have to disagree. Its not so much their emotions being shown but your emotions being brought forth. Other than those that are smiling their is no emotion on the soldiers faces. Stoic poses showing a flattened character. Its not depth that is shown its shallowness. One depth. Faded and hazed. Deep like a foggy precipice. You know it's there but you can't see it.
They always do, except at Walmart :D
I was trying to figure that out but I think you stated it perfectly. I wonder what it is about the format (black and white? The grainy-ness?) that brings out the emotion, or at least allows us to connect at a higher level.
Nostalgia.
I wish I was darker so I could take advantage of this type of photography.
i wouldnt say that, it's all about knowing how to use your camera. 
 
wtf?
Yo, String, want me to cap that dude? 
Already got the corner boys on it, appreciate it doe.
It seems like his exposure is off in a few of these - a few are over or under developed.
Does it matter? They all look cool.
It could be the difference between looking cool and being unforgettable.
Who would be so narrow-minded as to use some sort of artistic loftiness to shit on what are undeniably awesome shots? How can art, culture, flourish when we allow it to be so heavily influenced by one-uppers, critics, and anal retentive asshats. .If a picture is cool, a picture is cool. A picture is not less cool if the exposure settings are not immaculate, because the picture is what it is and it is cool. .We can't let "mistakes" (deviances from the norm) dictate quality when it comes to art or we will simply put society's creativity in a chokehold and squeeze the life, hope, and future out of it.
It does when looking at the technical side of a piece of art. When something is executed poorly, it distracts from the artistic merit of a piece. Details are lost in so many of these pictures that would make them one step away from being great pieces..It comes down to craft - you could have the greatest image in the world and if you printed it on a shitty piece of paper and thumb tacked it to the wall in an art gallery no one would care - they'd all be too distracted by the poor execution of the piece. I'm not being narrow minded, and these shots are not undeniably awesome. Even if everything was exposed correctly, the "cool"-ness of these peices comes from the fact that they are tin type photographs. If they were taken with a shitty camera, no one would have batted an eye.
It has a cool factor that cannot be taken away by the exposure because of the medium. If anything, maybe the imperfect exposure adds a little to the artwork. This set sort of brings the 1800s to the present. It juxtaposes the perception of the time with the reality of the now. Technology is wielded the best by the present individuals, not the past and not the future. This feels like a lesson in time travel..And if the coolest work of art in the world is done on some junk piece of paper, then more for me to appreciate and enjoy. Standards of execution in art seem to serve only as an institution to stand in the way of those not assimilated into that community. Why? Because elitism.
I disagree, the cool factor can most definitely be taken away by the exposure. Picture 5? I get no emotional response out of the image because I can't make out the details of his face. This clearly was not done intentionally, and if it was, it's meaning was not conveyed in a way that made it look like anything but a poorly executed photograph..Imagine if you saw a classic muscle car driving down the road, except that it was covered in rust and dents. While it's cool that it's an old car, it still looks like crap and you can't help but to think to yourself "Man, I wish that guy took care of his awesome car."
Well, that sucks for you then. .Beat up old cars can absolutely have an appeal. It is not the same appeal it would have were it immaculate, but it can still be striking. Sometimes it is tragic. Sometimes it sends that spirit of adventure, like that car fulfilled its destiny and took the driver on a journey rather than gathered dust in some old guy's garage. .I am a fan of BMWs (mostly because I drive an older model) and so I subscribed to the . subreddit. One post long ago showed a beat up old Beamer, covered in rust, window stickers, and whatnot. It was a hunk of junk. I will say that it spoke to me though. Others too. While that community is mostly concerned about drooling over the pristine M3s and showing off their ride, that was by far the most interesting post of the day and one that certainly stuck with me. It had this rustic charm. Some beat up old cars have that vibe. It is such a note of optimism to see what looks like rubbish on wheels give the finger to the odds and keep on powering down the road. 
I completely understand that, and maybe my analogy wasn't the best in the world. There was a guy in this same post who had a WWII photo of his father where you couldn't even see who it was anymore because the photograph had oxidized or something along those lines, and I think that has the same appeal that your BMW story does. It has age and battle scars. When I see photos like . and . or even . (that the guys from mythbusters had done) I feel that they do both of those things successfully, where the OP pics just fall short.

He's not going to be as good as the professionals back in the Civil War were. Still fairly well done though.
Tintype is a really expensive process, and I'm sure he is at the least a . . - there's no reason why he wouldn't be. That being said it is a very complex and difficult process, and developing photos can go wrong very easily. . is a very cool little documentary about the process from someone who does tintype prints.
I didn't say he wasn't a professional, only that he had little experience with THIS type of photography..I doubt a young, modern Photoshop expert could easily work in a dark room the old fashioned way. Even if he did, he might not being at the level of someone who worked with film for decades.
Not to be a jerk, but I can think of a few hobbyists that enjoy working with archaic photographic techniques
I didn't mean professional, I just meant someone who knows the basics of photography really well. Tin type photography is not something that someone just gets into without knowing what they are doing.
Fair enough - I myself never have never done tintype, but the cool thing is that you can get . that make the process much easier.
There was also a short documentary about a guy who turned a truck into a giant camera that shot (I think) tin types. They were some of the most beautiful pictures I have ever seen. I'd post a link for it but sadly I'm on mobile right now. 
 I actually accidentally posted this one first, but changed it because I don't know if it's technically tin-type? It's an awesome video either way, and his photos come out beautifully.
Thank you! I would love to buy one of these, but I don't the space and I think they are really expensive. 
Wether it's glass or metal as the backing, it's the same process. You can apply collodion to a whole bunch of substrates. Glass and metal are just the traditional ones. 
What I find interesting is the fact that the photos of the soldiers are posed so similarly to old Civil War tintypes. ."With your gun and your bravery on display" .Or your sombrero, no biggie.
Accept photo 5 that is an air force staff Sargeant wearing a FOB BRA.
Fob bra. I knew there was name for that fobbit accessory.
Not enough bowie knives and ridiculous jaunty cravats.
FTFY
I accept
I noticed one of them did break the long time, never before broken tradition of not smiling for a tintype photo
She's a female contractor. She isn't one of "them".
It's ok, she was also a woman..*Yikes downvotes.  If sexism was assumed, I only meant that seeing a woman in uniform in civil war times would be as likely as seeing a soldier smiling!
The reason you don't smile for tintype portraits is that you have to stand still for at least 7-10 seconds for a photo, even if it's bright as all hell outside..A tintype camera is shooting at about an ISO of 2. Not 200, just 2..It's hard to maintain a smile without moving or looking unnatural for that long so the photographer will just tell the subject to not smile..This is why it seems like everyone was pissed off in the 1800's.
Apparently the key to pulling it off is sunglasses. 
Or you know the civil war, not very sophisticated medicine, the chance of dying from almost everything, no I think everyone in the 1800's was just pissed off. I know I would be. 
There's this great photoset of a couple all blury and smiling. 

Or I'm correct. 
Good to know - I had always chalked it up to the concept of a picture . wasn't the same as it is now, which is to capture a memory, thus everyone should smile.
Also life was depressing before they invented color.
Thanks Calvin's dad.
Wow it all makes so much sense now! Thanks for the explanation
You should see some daguerreotypes.  Stand still for MINUTES.  They had clamps behind their heads to keep them still and many times used mirrors to shine sunlight directly on them to shorten exposure times.  it was excruciating but to get your picture taken was such an amazing thing people would put up with it.
This is awesome.  But in 300 years, the existence of these photos is going to confuse the fuck out of somebody..Still awesome.
And so class, as you can see, photographic technologies did not progress much between 1800's and 2000's..But teacher, what if someone just used a really old camera?.Preposterous, why would someone want to do that
Assuming we don't kill ourselves and our technology, we'll just search through 300 years of data to find the answer.
Except you know, the fact that this is documented.
They'll probably have an instagram filter for tintype by then.
As with these comments.  I'm sure some cyber archeologist is shifting through them right now.  Eh, right now then I mean.  
That's why the NSA is storing the internet. For future clarity.
You're assuming that in 300 years there won't be time traveling special forces.
Holy shit.  It's like you stole my thought word-for-word, even down to "confuse the fuck out of."  Quick, what am I thinking right now?
Maybe I shouldn't spank the monkey so much.
Not if it's well-documented that the 21st century West was as desperately nostalgic as it was dubiously progressive.
"You see chaps, the Americans were able to win their freedom due to their alien acquired weapons. We Brits were outgunned at the time. Showed those bloody twats in WW3 though, check out this holographic battle scene I captured."
The fact that there are women in these photos, is going to cause even more confusion. 
I don't know much about Navy regs, but I think her hair alludes to her most likely being a terp.
terp?
Interpreter.
They aren't Navy. They're Air Force pararescue.
PROOF OF TIME TRAVELING SPECIAL FORCES FOUND
Those are all air force goons, special forces don't galavant around like that, and they certainly aren't overweight yuppie college kids, like this pathetic looking lot.  
Therefore Half Life 3 is confirmed.
I traveled back in time to make this comment but you still beat me by 9 hours. Foiled again!
You have no idea what you're talking about.
they went back to save Obidiah Connor 
Rome Sweet Rome...
You mean the Final Countdown with Rome instead of the Pacific Theater in WWII, and a combat brigade instead of an aircraft carrier?
That was a pretty great film back in the day!
No I was referring to this.
I know.  .This entire premise of that short story is that movie with the Pacific Theater exchanged for Rome, and the Nimitz replaced with a Marine expeditionary unit.
Pretty great propaganda as well! You see, at that time when the film was released the USS Nimitz was the most powerful aircraft carrier in the world at that time as well as the fighter jets seen destroying the Zeros.

I'm subbed and I totally forgot about that.
I'm pissed off now for two reasons:.1) This was my idea!.2) Someone else had the same idea and capitalized on it. .Fuck. 
You can still do Mathew Brady Daguerrotypes of modern soldiers posed in front of Civil War era tents. Nobody has thought of that yet. Oops.
Carbon image transfers would be crazy! Some photographer needs to do this... wait I'm a photographer! Aww now everyone knows. .I feel ya, so many ideas I thought would be original, and their gone.
This is the best subreddit i saw in the last month! Am i understanding this correctly? A r/askreddit comment started a whole SciFi novel?
There is a manga called . that explores almost this exact plot line, only the first of 4 books is translated right now but if this type of story interest you, I suggest reading it. It can be found ..
Well there isn't any time travel involved and the opposition is your typical fantasy shindig,with animal people, elves and stuff..And a little to much "JAPAN STRONK" in the latest chapters of the manga.
its a movie currently in production
When does it even come out?
I'd love to see the source on that. All I ever read was talk about it
And . with more info.
And it's being co produced by the freaking producer of 300!

Well, that Reddit post escalated quickly.
Chrono legionaries? Sweet.
You read the story about the marine platoon inadvertently sent back in time to the roman era yeah? Fucking awesome.
What happens when they inevitably run out of bullets?
They were heavily provisioned, it was like a full base or something..It turned into an ongoing story, written by a redditor.

Chrono-Bullets
What happens when they inevitably run out of triggers?
Chrono-Trig-...I see what you're doing.
Does that mean that Jesus was actually nailed to a Chrono Cross?
No, although that does sound awesome. I was referencing a unit in command and conquer red alert 2. (Chrono legionaries)
"Already there"...
"Never existed...."

and 
Ghostbusters 2
turbo!
Mount Vernon?
It's 110 in Wilmington, DE. I didn't think mother nature cared enough to do anything extreme in Delaware.
Probably should have said an hour and half north, Bellingham
I hate your stupid face. .my arm just left a zucchini shaped sweat stain on my desk reaching for the mouse.
Close enough haha
Hard to believe, but Lubbock, Texas is at 81 right now. Averages for this time of year is the mid 90's and the records are all in the 103-110 range. I am loving it.
It's really weird hearing about all the heat in weird parts of the country. I'm in Dallas and we've had a mild summer.
70 degrees in Eureka. I hear ya, north of Seattle.
92 with enough humidity to go swimming in the air here in Wisconsin...

More info..If in Sweden strongly suggest to check this place.
...while it lasts lol
Try deep fried oreos. You will shit your pants in delight.
How scary things have become.
Enjoy.  Don't be a bitch like those that sue the donor for childcare.
"Spermdonors."  Plural?  How many turkey basters did you go through?
"Mum what's my dad like" " oh honey he's massive wanker"
what's the matter with just screwing?  are you ugly?
Dat gap.
Can someone replace the dude with Chief?
Am I the only one who thinks this should be in magic the gathering? 
Master Chief?
Very nice! Would put on a book cover! In fact, I have a novel I'm working on that would be very appropriate for this.
Reminds me of ..
This is very similar to a scene from the first book of Thomas Convenant - Unbeliever.
Dude, I would LOVE to work for them!
What medium is this?
I would say it's a digital medium, maybe done in photoshop with a wacom tablet.
Do you have an FB or other page that we can easily follow?
looks like concept art for a badass game. Keep up the good work man!
First thing I thought of...
ATREYUUU!!!
Dude would you consider doing some album artwork for me? $$$
sure, send me a pm with more details.
Wow! I love this!
Those were the ones before the Hornets, right?  I remember those from the early 80's when I was a kid.
NAS Pensacola, I presume? Awesome museum.
A-4 Skyhawks.  Absolutely nimble little dealies.
Wow, that exhibit hasn't changed in 15 years.  Nor should it, because the A-4 display is just fuckin' cool.
Yes and yes
You need a key.  
This was the pigeons farewell letter. 
Fantastic!
That is INCREDIBLE. I would definitely wear this. 
I want one
It looks like how I expect a Horcrux to look like!
The wires look like guitar strings.
Your friend could land some serious money if he keeps doing this and sells them
Looks like a guppy head on the bottom and a sly old salamander's head on the top. 
Tell him to start a Facebook page, so more people see it. Silver and gemstones are expensive to buy--he could at least make some money off of his gorgeous work. 
What's that made from?
Didn't I see you guys in Sisters, Or recently?
I think I have one of your cards. Very talented!
Nice wire wrapping!
At first glance, I thought this looked terrible, closed the link, then moved on. Then I did a sincere double take, reopened the link, & saw how brilliant this actually is..Your friend is a sincere artist. Would you happen to know if he makes cufflinks?
What does the other side look like? I've seen them before where both sides looks awesome. 
.925 sterling and .999 fine silver
Green tourmaline 
Emerald
Tanzanite Facet X2
Do they have a site of their own where we could see more?
Not at the moment, it's just a hobby.
I'll make sure to tell him that.  Thanks.
Maybe I'm just not good at art, but I don't get it. Is it supposed to be something other than metal and some colored glass together?
Any chance of a scale pic, can't tell how big it is?  also, want.
This is pretty neat, but how heavy is it? 
I shouldn't tell everyone that I think it looks a bit like a vagina should I?.Now you will never unsee.

I would also buy a pair of those cuff links. I honestly did the same look yawn close heywait click lookagain want upvote as you did!
Reminds me of Alien, in a good way. .Anyone else seeing it? 
Yep.
Came to say exactly that.
What a terrible picture. Awful angle, strange framing. Amateur hour
that red dot , wonder if it just one big red laser or like 20 aiming arround same area
Might be I could still burn some calories by picking out the orange and lemon ones. 
WHERE!?
On the cover it flat out calls him a monster. It says he was bullied, etc and "became a monster". How is that glorifying him? Rolling Stone won't put an unattractive photo on the cover, has had Manson on the cover (and, yes, even his cover photo was attractive - as attractive as Charles Manson could be I suppose), and let's face it, will likely sell more issues due to the controversy. I subscribe to RS and haven't even looked at last months but will read this one right away. 
No see I don't think the cover of Charles Manson was a photo that showed him as particularly either attractive or unattractive. It was fairly neutral and definitely appropriate. If Rolling Stone had wanted to show how a seemingly normal kid can become a "monster" they could have used a school picture of him, or a more candid everyday shot. This particular photograph really does have that famous-person-rock-star feel to it that to other potentially troubled people looking for ways to get attention is very troublesome. Rolling Stone has a social responsibility and they dropped the ball here, badly, even with such a well written article. 
what are you talking about? i need context
Osama bin laden and Kim jong un have both been on the cover of time magazine. its a news story, get over it.
When he's been proven guilty by a jury of his peers, you can say that what the Rolling Stone did was deplorable. 
Media is gonna blow this out of proportion like always 
Let's all just freak the fuck out about a god damn magazine cover before it's even come out.  No need to read the article!
Grow up, people!
You Bostonians must be fucking babies lol
Who the fuck still reads that rag?
I don't get the reasoning for what they did at all...

What a stupid pretentious thing to say.  No really 
Yeah, only in America is it pretentious to demand a person be found guilty of a crime, before we barrage them with malice. 
The comma belongs after sincerely (couldn't help it). 
Read the actual article. Go onto the RS's website and read the article, it's not that bad, it's actually very interesting..People are angry at the image not the words b/c nobody read the words and thats just how we do things in America. 
Rolling Stone will apologize in 3...2....1.
They didn't. They issued the statement standing behind their choice of the cover...
The cover is intended to make a statement about what kinds of people can commit acts of terrorism: not just angry bearded shouting wahaibist types, but also, normal-seeming teenagers you wouldn't look at twice in the street. The article is about how a normal kid went off the rails within two months and allowed himself to do bomb something. .Did RS know they would be courting controversy with this cover? Absolutely. It's part and parcel of their industry. Was the controversy the primary point? No. I genuinely think RS's journalists are much more thoughtful than that. They wanted to make a statement that would force conversation, and make you think twice about what you're looking at. I think the layout could have been better. They could have gone with a more restrained take, like the famous .. The other headlines are too distracting, and don't allow for the isolation the subject matter deserves. I mean, what the hell is ROBIN FUCKING THICKE'S name doing next to this subject. A bit too glib.
Cause the publicity 
Yeah, but I think it got people mad and even stores are boycotting the issue now. They might lose business.
Just the opposite. They are going to get more people to come buy the issue just to find out the fuss.
I'm more pissed off about that terrible fucking comma.
Yeah seriously. Very disconcerting.
I mentioned this in another post, and I stand by it.
Rolling Stone publishes well researched and well written articles. They have had OJ Simpson and Charles Manson on the cover before as well. Also, their article about General McChrystal was brilliant. We shouldn't let sentimentality get in the way of great journalism. It is a sad state of affairs when Rolling Stone covers issues better than other media outlets. I'm glad they are defending their decision and sticking with the article. If Djohar is their big article, they should put him on the cover. It doesn't glorify him. Other publications have had dictators on their covers, no big deal! I will occasionally buy a copy on the newsstand but after this, and after them standing their ground on this issue, I will now subscribe.
Rolling Stone magazine's new cover has Dzokhar Tsarnaev (the surviving Boston Bomber) on it. Some are very offended. .. IMO, if it had been a pic where he looks shitty, this wouldn't be as big of a deal, but they chose an image where he looks handsome.
He is handsome. Just ask the thousands of teens that started facebook pages about him.
And . WTF worthy for sure. 
He IS handsome though. And Rolling Stone isn't going to put an unattractive photo on their cover. Plus the controversy could sell more magazines. 
They're not glorifying him; they're calling him a monster. They also once had Charles Manson on the cover, so it's not like this is the first time they're going with a picture about someone in the news rather than an entertainer.
I live in Boston and I could care less..It's a newsworthy story.
Rolling Stone knew exactly what they were doing, they did it to be "edgy".  I think the problem most people have isn't just the fact that he's on the cover, its that the picture they chose to use depicts him as rock star-esque, reminiscent of a Van Morrison type figure.  Remove the headline from the cover and at casual glance one could easily mistake it for any other rock star..In trying to be edgy and get your attention, they are at the same time encouraging more psychopaths to come out of the woodwork, because they are giving them exactly what they want.  Attention..It was a poor, and imo, desperate move to sell more magazines.  Fuck Rolling Stone.
The issue is that an individual who shoots up a movie theater or the like ends up with his face on the front page of every newspaper alongside Olympians, nobel-prize winners... . It's the fastest way to fame and attention, and works every time. .There are ways to front page the story without making criminals famous and the center of attention. .tldr: The story should be covered and front paged, but the framing and emphasis should be different. 
People need to listen to the man.
They chose that picture because the story is about a kid who was an immigrant who immersed himself in American culture and accepted it.  Then he changed and allegedly did the bombing.  The story is about what made him change so that picture is a good choice.  It's about getting to the root of what radicalizes some people.
was the article glorifying the guy? if not i don't see the problem.
Having your face placed on the cover of Rolling Stone in a format similar to the iconic . photo is pretty glorifying all on its own.
They didn't.  It was a biography stitched together by neighbors, friends, teachers, and his own social media accounts.
It doesn't matter that the article is good, the people this will influence are people that see that cover but wont read the article.
You have to understand that 9/10 people (maybe more) will never actually read the article. The cover image on the other hand has already been seen by almost everybody.
*.*.couldn't
You still understand what he was trying to say, and it is a common and negligible error. For it . being a comment on an internet website, as opposed to something like an official report, paper, article,piece of literature, etc., it honestly shouldn't be that big of a deal to anyone.
well... I don't think it's that big of a deal, either. it's just kind of a pet peeve of mine, I guess. But, I mean, this is the internet. One should expect corrections on such negligible errors more than when concerning official reports or professional articles. .I have to disagree about assuming understanding what it means, though. up into my mid-teens I thought there was two different sayings that meant the opposite of each other. I thought "i could care less" was kind of an ironic play on " I couldn't care less".disclaimer: I'm american, not a brit
You're not wrong, Dude, you're just an asshole.
Personally, I don't think people are mad about the story. I think they're upset that RS makes him out to look like a heartthrob rock star on the cover. .Regardless, I thought . today was pretty great.
Someone should Photoshop Rolling Stone covers with well known terrorists, rapists, and murderers. See what happens.
I don't see what the big fuss is about.
The problem is that they are glamorizing a fucking psychopath. They have probably done more to convince young confused teens that terrorism is something sexy than any radical minister ever could.
Many think that the massive media coverage after a mass murder inspires others. 
The fuss is that they are glamorizing an alleged murderer and terrorist by putting him on the cover. The media does this all the time now with mass killers, like recently with the non-stop coverage of Adam Lanza, and John Holmes. It gives suggestible people the idea that they can do something terrible like this and become famous. 
And then creepy-as-fuck fanclubs emerge for said killers. 
That'll happen regardless. I wonder how many letters Manson receives every week?
So what do we do?  Do we ignore that this stuff happens?  What problem has ever been solved by ignoring it?
Of course not, but as the video that mtldude1967 linked to, we dont need to blast their name, face, etc all over ever media medium 24/7 either. Kids who feel bullied or invisible can see this as a way to finally be somebody, someone who will be remembered. .I dont know how to imbed here, but this is the video they posted

It sounds like you want to keep the masses ignorant to protect everyone from coulds and maybes.  I read the article.  I liked it.  I'm not saying it's impossible for things to play out like you suggest but I think the greater good wins out in this case..Trust me, I hate the media speculation and sensationalism as much as anyone.  This article wasn't it.  It was a good article.
How to embed:.[the text that you want people to see](the link)
No but take their notoriety away. Keep them as the nothing's they made themselves to be. People fear being forgotten. So show these people that they are so unimportant that the will be forgotten. 
we dont ignore it but we dont blast it out liek this. we let the locals figure it out and keep it local.
I think the media should report the story, but do not name the murderer or show pictures of him, at least on television. No front page either. The problem with this is it would have to be self imposed, or by the request of the readers and viewers, since we would not want to impose censorship.
Like Voldemort. 
Like George Bush?
yeah, it's only one of the bigger news stories of the year and from what I hear it's actually a relatively well thought out, well written article. Go figure.
Yes, but to target their article to a larger audience they provoke controversy. 
How did they "provoke controversy"?
By putting a terrorist on the cover?
He was on the cover of other magazines too, why is this one a big deal?  
The other magazines didn't use a glamorized, rock-star-esque photo of him. Social responsibility they failed at. 
It is a good article.  I don't get the problem.
It's not about the article, its about the cover.
A normal picture they probably grabbed from his Facebook. .:O
Makes me kinda proud to be living here now. Gotta love HK.
Ok, we have seen this enough now...
This would make an interesting porno.  Somebody slap the Brazzers logo on this bitch!
well, at least she doesn't have to go far to suck them off.
Easy on her knees! 
and back.
But not easy on her mouth.
came her to say that the internet has ruined me, was not disappointed by the comments that already existed.  
Your wife is awesome. I think you should keep her around for a while.
.
Minecraft is more realistic than I thought.
Tsingy translates to "where one cannot walk barefoot"
This is an awesome example of Karst Topography. The limestone is soluble and any small cracks or fissures get widened by the action of carbonic acid. The interesting vertical and horizontal features that have been mentioned are known as clints or grikes, they can get huge just by this acid erosion. My gf is a geophysicist and is desperate to go to Madagascar because it's had such an interesting geological history!
Shout out to Madagascar! I just finished up my Peace Corps service in Madagascar. There is a Red Tsingy in the northern part of the island near Diego. 
Any geologists here that can explain this?
Dinged 400 herbalism in this zone.
this reminds me of the mountain the hine dead army in, in The Return of the King
Wow - I didn't even know this existed! Thanks for sharing this.
Next time on Dragon Ball Z.....
Reminds me of a sky view of densely populated modern cities with skyscrapers. 
Gneiss place to visit, but I wouldn't want to live there.
One word... Epic.
Emyn Muil?
That's from Avatar: The Last Airbender, isn't it?
Aang fought the fire lord here. 
Those sharpy thingys are awesome!
Every time I see something like this, I wonder how I'v never seen a picture of it until now.
Willow...

Stop that.
Me neither 
looks sorta like Bryce canyon...but then totally different
Hey, be kind to your local geologist.  He really is a gneiss guy.  He'd even give you the chert off his back.  So don't take him for granite.  And don't give him a lot of schist.
That's really interesting, thanks for providing some information on it. 
This rocks!
DAE think this looks kind of like the far lands in Minecraft? Looks like the algorithms the Earth is using to generate content glitched out, but in the most awesome way possible.
Is that petrified wood or just an interesting rock formation?
Now I know where to build my evil fortress...
This is the most bizarre series of pictures I have ever seen. Imagine being lost in that place at dusk, no sound, just otherworldly structures surrounding you at every turn.
What if like....some E.T lifeform sort of farmed the mountains for fuel or resources and that's what is left of what was once a majestic mountain ?
I hear its virtually unexplored. So if you got a lotta money and balls, theres something to do i guess.
Was there a scene from the chronicles of riddick filmed there?
Madagascar should really update their minecraft client so that the far lands effect doesnt happen anymore.
This would be the worst place for a plane to crash
 

Yeah, but Zoboomafoo was actually a . 
Aliens.
It looks like pictures taken from a microscope.
Is that guy in image 3 Freeclimbing that area? I'd be scared to death to even use a harness.... a 5 foot fall onto those rocks looks like it could slice you in half!
Looks like that would be an awesome climb though. Great pics too.
Even if you didn't get cut, your rope would take a beating! 
Can you imagine having to bail out of a plane in a parachute while over this? Good luck finding a safe place to land.
im preeeeettty sure this is where the series finale of Avatar: The Last Airbender took place.i can see ozai and aang flyin around causing all kinds of chaos thru this stone forest
So this is where all the locations in Dragon Ball Z are inspired from
I heard that this one of the the few places remaining that humans havent fully explored. Some places are just LITERALLY unreachable since the rocks are razor sharp obsidian. There are some species of animals that the world has never seen, or likely will ever see. I vote we keep it that way. This place is to remarkable to be tainted by irresponsible humans.
Same I'd heard, yeah. Fall down, even just onto your back, get impaled very easily. Can't rope over it, too sharp, can't clamber through it, too soft to trust, can't go under it, you'll drown.

Just next to it is a Rohanian Camp too.
Far Lands. 
I like the picture of the guy free-soloing with gloves and hiking boots on. .Coming soon to a . near you!
Is this where the Foosah live?
Makes me think of that fog covered stone place in Up
If I'm not mistaken, there is a cool looking species of monkey that lives in those stone mountains.
Last summer I went to Madagascar for a month, built a school for a very disadvantaged but happy village, went sight-seeing and trekking too. One of my memorable experiences was showering (cold water not hot) at a campsite in the middle of a mountainous range whilst a Lemur (ring-tailed if I remember rightly) slowly crept closer and closer to me. I SHOWERED NEXT TO A LEMUR!!!!
Exquisite and delicate, million year old rock formation. Let's climb all over it! 
Looks like someone fucked around with the mapmaker a little too much
Looks like the trench from Finding Nemo.. Swim through it, not over!
Biome-grade landscape design brought to you by Roger Dean.
Reminds me of the season finale battle in Avatar The Last Airbender. :')
The rebel base is in there somewhere.
 would like this

Thousand Needles, Kalimdor.FTFY. says, "Hello"
Can anybody explain why the rock in the second picture is fractured in perfectly even segments like that? 
I cannot find any explanation for either the segments or the parts that look like the were sliced and set one upon another.
The latter is most likely water erosion, because they happen at distinct heights regardless of the height of each rock itself. I'd venture to guess those indicate where the water levels were at various stages in history..I have no clue about the perfectly straight division lines dividing the area up like a city landscape in that 2nd picture, that's just crazy. I really want to know how that happened.
Just a theory, with my only knowledge being from the pictures and other comments in this thread. .Picture a puddle of water, where the edges are more shallow, and the sun can warm the water faster. It is possible that those straight looking lines are actually slightly curved, as the edge of a former lake, where the water level remained for a time where the sun was able to heat the water creating a more active erosion?.Ionno, I made that up.
I don't know it seems like a stretch, the lines are too straight and too evenly spaced. This picture is specifically the one I'm talking about: .It looks like a city landscape divided into perfect evenly-spaced rows. It doesn't look natural. It's like God just dragged his fingers through the rocks creating perfect lines.
Well, if you ever meet god, then you can ask about it..I think the angle of the picture adds to the illusion they are very straight lines..So, I googled it, and read a very boring paper, and finally came to the end where it says they were formed from caves based off of a water table that changed drastically and is affected by a nearby river..Text wall.CONCLUSIONS
Our observations show that the deep, downwards broadening and complex grikes of the Bemaraha tsingy could not have been formed by dissolution due to the action of surface waters. According to Delaty et al. (2006) the grikes of the tsingy developed when former caves were destroyed. We have found further evidence to support this theory. There are various options for the loss of cave roofs. The roof could collapse or the caves and the grikes (deepened from the surface) coalesced. The deepening of the grikes was probably due to rainwater or subsoil dissolution. The caves and the natural bridges of the tsingy are remnants of a former cave system which resulted from horizontal water flow. The cave network could develop because the River Manambolo was the base level of the karst are (as it is still today). Its water level is near the surface and it was even closer to the surface when the former cave network of the tsingy developed. The smaller grikes of the Bemaraha tsingy which do not widen downwards were produced by rainwater and subsoil dissolution.
Awesome I guess that makes sense although I'm still amazed at how straight those caves must've been. Thanks for the info! It must've had something to do with the geography, like maybe that whole terrain is even and slightly sloped so that any water or anything would run straight in one direction.
That's what I got from the paper as well, a lot of it is dependent on the water table and how the water flowing erodes the cave walls. If you look at the whole area on a map the rocks and caves run parallel to the coast line and the nearby river runs down the back side of the park and then practically makes a right angle to head to the sea.
One possibility might be an ninety degree upheaval of layered limestone beds long after their original formation.  However, it's probably something simpler than that.
Someone posted further down the chain a bit that it's apparently due to cave collapses, which is actually pretty cool although I'm almost equally amazed that the caves were so straight in that particular area.
aliens
Looks like he is free climbing; I'd rate that climb at about a 5.NOPE grade.
With a side of vNOTAFUCKINGCHANCE.
 Amazing.
TIL, lemurs are awesome. 
Very cool vid. Those little Lemurs are boss at rock climbing.
If the Buddhists are right, I want to come back as a small monkey
I'm Irish so I've already achieved your goal!

It's largely unexplored because of that.
Karstic limestone. Groundwater has eroded the surrounding rock and terrain over millions of years to create this limestone needle forest! 
Thank you!
No problem.
Thousand Needles!
The oldschool one? Yeah, I could see that.
before that damned flood!
Reminded me of the good old days...
Me and my friends called it the 60s, the 70s and so on. "Remember the 60s 40 man raids? Damn it took AGES to afford a mount, 1 gold at lvl 40 was a lot!"
Yes, those were the days! All too easy now
Any other 90s kids remember MSV?
Dem good old days.
It still kills me that Naragansett sells seasonal beers. 
Is Bishop going to have a french accent?
This makes your butt look fine. Damn fine.

If you don't want to chance it OP then just buy some fucking m&m's. 
I agree with the rest...you will still get them...but you just learned not to get them on the summer...
Really?  I'd pay double for that.
looks yummy!
But you still ate it. Don't act like you didn't.
ewwww wtf
You couldn't tell when you picked up the bag that it was a solid brick? Honestly, though, I'd still eat the shit out of that hunk of goodness.
You did an amazingly shitty job of opening the package, considering there was a letter opener right next to you

that would make an awesome tattoo
That's fucking awesome 
Is she one of those people that insists she can't draw? (but actually can)
are you friendzoned, OP? You sound . friendzoned
Are you a super hero? 
You have a sidekick?
That is pretty sick. 
She has beautiful art. And that would make one bad ass tattoo 
That's pretty awesome, that's actually something pretty close to what I am looking to have tattooed soon.
Redditman FEAT. Sidekick Girl
as a gourmet cook this looks like heaven...
I have never done this.
Tis a "thing" already.  Not only are there remote key fobs to lock and unlock the door but also to turn on the lights and set your heating / AC  to your liking and more if you've the $$.
 i can open mine with my phone. although its not the one from the link
Any other resolutions? I need 1440p for my background...
Wow.... Just WOW!!
Fucking epic nice dude 
That picture is unreal. I like your username too, butt buddy <3
Looks like you should make your way to Whiterun, it's getting dark out here.
Love it. I have seen it close to that in the Rockies.  .Question though.  Are we not in the Milky Way?  I am still unsure how identify the Milky Way, as in hey, there is the Milky Way, when we actually live there.  Not being a smart ass, I just really don't know. 
any have a wallpaper sized one?
Awesome!
B-e-a-utiful
I have no egrets.
Did the battery explode?
It got dirty?
I can see your problem just there on the left side by the spark plug wire... Ford.
I literally have NO idea what happened. I smelled something burning and when I opened it i noticed everything just melted. I think the fire cloth on the top made it over heat, but I literally have NO idea.
Thats sucks, but you got the right spirit. At least you're still alive and kickin!
Haha yeah! Now time to look for a new car.... again. I just got this car less than a year ago!
at least you don't need a new hula girl dash ornament. 
God saved you?! SHIT. I need to get on that bandwagon.
well yeah.that is a picture of Clifford the big red dog, a cartoon character.he is bigger than dogs are in real life.thats the point of the character.congratulations on one-upping everyone
Louis C.K talks about this dog and his book collection. (I'm not from US so now I how how big Clifford is)
I haven't seen those in years! The ones that used to come on my pizza had a little round top on the three legs, so I used them as tables for my Barbies
Any chance you played 'the floor is lava' also? :)
stay on target
Challenge accepted.
I would love to see someone succeed in this challenge!
Also, it doesn't mean they have given up on life. To the contrary, this man and anyone else who makes the choice of this combination may have reached a status lower than 0 fucks given.
We don't have a Hungover Bear meme yet. 
Try to post the link correctly so Hoverzoom and RES users can see it without clicking at it...
shouldn't it be wobbewy?
That seems unsanitary.
You gotta admit, he has good trigger discipline. 

I would too if I had guns shoved in my face.
THOSE FUCKING KAYAKS. My friends and I rented those for the day and decided to explore the beaches on the island. We rowed and rowed until we could row no more and then collapsed on a secluded beach. We were foolish to do so, as we had used all our energy and stamina getting there and had nothing left for the way back. I still remember our return trip as the most physically exhausting thing I ever did..Didn't see any sharks or eagles, but there was a cool as shit dolphin that followed us around and a bunch of seagulls who gave zero fucks.
Would you have any pics of said creatures?.All I see is a bright yellow kayak, and a blue ass...
The blurry proof... . 
Somebody call Steve Zissou!
Thanks... Wasn't saying you didn't see them.  Just that you mentioned and I wanted to see!.Tho, Harry Potter's Mom has it going on... ;)
It's the fucking Catalina kayak mixer.
Kimba, I mean, Simba . . .
i dont see mufasa or the sand tiger..... i see a turian.
....May the force be with you

 is worth bookmarking friend.
I should really turn this into a habit haha. I just came across this picture I had never seen before, reminded me of Lion King, so I thought I'd share on Reddit! I'm sorry!
lion king? pshh nah more like the cave of wonders from Aladdin. i googled "who disturbs my slumber" and got that pic haha
it is the internet cycle chicken and egg. no worries. 
What should Simba remember? That Balrog shall not pass?
This totally proves Jesus / Allah / etc
Looks more like that sand thing from Aladin. 
We ought to gather up enough weed to form a weed-meteor (A weteor) put it out in earth orbit and let it it come back up burning up in the atmosphere, giving the earth 24 hrs of peace.
Brilliant! And I don't mean giving it to you like a drug dealer!.By letting you apply the lettuce yourself, it will keep it from wilting while it's being a delivered.
Is Pizza Lettuce a thing?
Ever had a taco pizza?
It's the topping for a doner kebab/shawarma pizza.
Tasted great by the way.
Cute.

Still kind of crazy how they handle stuff over there. Not saying that he didn't deserve it, but man. 
Frankly most of the middle east still lives in the middle ages.

This is nothing compared to what "he" and his cronies did to his own people.
One of the BLADES of the worlds largest wind TURBINE being delivered.
why did i immediately think of .?
OP doesn't know what a windmill is. 
Let me just stop you right there OP. Its not a Windmill. Its a Wind Turbine..Thanks
Worlds largest joint
Heres a video of one, where the breaks fail 
r/WTF might like this.
Such a large windmill ought to keep them cool this summer.
Imagine the amount of grain you can mill with that big boy
Your mom's dildo something something
Constructed right here in Colorado - manufacturing plant is in Pueblo.
Contructed in Denmark for Siemens Germany by SSPTech to be erected in as a pilot on the Scottish coast before Samsung constructs an entire park of them in the Korean Strait..But no U.S.
How has no one made a joke about this being someone's mother's dildo?
 already did that.
You ain't gonna mill much grain with that.
Fuck you - I can hook a 6MW grinder up to that.
WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY!  GOOD NIGHT!
Why?
How many birds did it kill while rolling down the road?
Yous seriously need to read the article, then edit your comment to show that the US did not produce this or have anything to do with it , this has nothing to do with the US .
If you check this article you can see why I thought this was manufactured in Colorado (.)
turbine*
Here's a tip to remember the difference:
Does it make power, or flour?
Flour = mill
Power = turbine
Not if you use the original Danish word...
Flour power!
I saw a water-mill some years ago, that had a belt drive to a neighbouring shack where it drove a small bandsaw..Was that actually a water turbine?
Water wheel
Source: 
more like worlds largest blunt
skill
Denmark is going to be so cold after that windmill is finished.
Constant wind, ALL the time.  These things are the worst!........./s
I wonder how much energy it takes to manufacture, transport and build such a large wind turbine? 
Not enough to satisfy your strawman.
About the same as building a coal fired generator.
Sounds like a great expansion for Euro Truck Simulator 2, like a co-op mode!
The new windmill should really help with that heat wave they're having.
I was going to link that futurama clip, but then I remembered that electric refrigeration is a thing.
I know how long it is, I wonder how much is weighs though. Must be fairly light weight?
30 ton.
It would have to be lightweight, since it needs to be moved by the wind, after all.
I wonder if the rotor doubles as a flywheel and some mass is actually desirable...is there any engineer with relevant knowledge checkin in?
30 tons, not light at all, i thought it would be light too, makes sense but i suppose it has to be strong enough for the forces it will have to deal with.I am now wondering how high the wind-speed has to be to turn this thing. And if they are creating so much power they should have a way to store a large portion of it i believe, again i wonder what they use to do this.... so much wonderment in this story.
At 274 feet, that comes out to around 218 lbs/ft. And judging on how big in diameter that blade is, that's pretty dang light.
 light weight.
We do love windmills here....Edit: TIL it's called a "wind turbine"
They are called "wind turbines." Sorry to be "that guy" but they are not "milling" anything. .The more you know!
How do you refer to a "mill" that serves to pump water or to power wood saws? Water mill? Saw mill?.Not sure about this one.
Hang on - You're right that they're turbines, but your explanation is right off. Mills don't mill things either - they grind, using grindstones..The turbine is the mechanism - any mechanism that converts fluid flow to work (including the jet turbine, which . extract some of the fluid flow to work - on other fluids), but the entire building is the mill.
Those mills are using their turning energy to impart a physical force (pumping water or cutting wood). Wind turbines use wind energy to turn a turbine and create electricity. Wind Turbines are Wind Mills in the same way that Gasoline-powered Generators are "Gas Mills".
How did they get it around those poles in the background?
Maybe they went right through. Also, near the sites - all the 'poles' can be pulled up to make way, plus a lot of planing ahead. 
Planning ahead?.We do not have that in Ireland.
No, just riots and Guinness.
It amazes me that we haven't actually had a riot over austerity....I suppose that will only happen when we cant afford Guinness.
What about the flegs? 
That's kool~~
I feel like this is the ideal use for those super-heavy lift blimps and rigid airships that folks have been talking about for years. 
for 30 tons? I can't see it happening. But maybe my imagination is just too poor.
Various groups have been throwing around plans for heavy lift blimps that could move anywhere from 10 to 1000 tons over long distances for years, now. They mostly haven't gone anywhere due to lack of interest and lack of funding. At some point in the nearish future I expect folks will realize that jet fuel is just going to keep getting more expensive and suddenly lighter than air craft will be the cool new thing. 
And I thought the Boeing double cab trucks were cool!! 
That is one hell of a fly swatter :/
I would love to see an IAMA from someone who drives these kind of trucks.
Damn. Those intersections are hard enough sometimes with a normal trailer in Euro Truck Simulator 2.
finally, a direct application of calc I!
I hope we start to use those Dune2000 style wind powerstations soon. I saw some promising concepts recently.
That an Actros prime mover? 
I can't help but think of ants carrying a branch.
...and I can't even get a damn couch in my apartment.
My error - here's why I thought this was from Colorado (.)
At least in Texas most signs are just secured to the ground with 3 bolts which can easily be unbolted leaving a 3-4 inch stump
Our signs are on big poles buried 2-3 foot in a ton of concrete and often pointing in the wrong way, depending on how drunk the lads were coming home from the pub. Which is ironic because quite a lot of our roadsigns end up on the walls of Irish pubs around the world.
[deleted]
Denmark is not neutral, Sweden is neutral
For anyone wondering, this is what the deleted comment said:
Dammit!  Now I'm the ass!
carefully.
That is surprisingly heavy! Well, TIL. Thanks to you and everyone else who replied! :)
For this kind of transport they would even knock them down if they are in the way, cheaper to just pay for the repairs than delaying the transport.
that's gotta be a fun job.
You are both wrong about it being cheaper, and about it being done.  They would not only get fined by the utility company for the repair, but also for any customer downtime.  Not a big deal for street lights, but it gets really expensive if you knock out cable, phone, or power and they figure out you did it on purpose.  Contractors have meetings with utility construction departments all the time about moving utility lines out of the way of projects.  If it was easier to ask forgiveness than permission, those meetings would not happen.
It's very well balanced, and there's not that much friction in the bearings, so it can get power even from light breeze..They don't have to store much power - they just adjust the price of electricity when the wind's blowing.
What happens if the rear support guy turns right when the guy up front turns left?
Wonder how it stacks up against the one in ohio. That was the largest for a couple years. I cant see it from my house, and I heard the blades were the length of like 4 school buses..Edit: I guess ours is only 165ft long
Wouldn't be 1 of the world's largest? I mean, typically wind "mill"(turbine) have 3.
At what point do you say, "forget it, we will just build it on site?"
My windmill!
That's a nice windmill
I could never parallel park that thing.
I work at TPI Iowa, where we too make these blades. I seriously am still amazed everyday at how big these things are.
limbooo
So, what level can I expect this at in Euro Truck Simulator 2?
*Edit: Worlds largest joint.

that's what i came here to say. that's not a windmill, that's a turbine, ya doofus.
ya'll are so fucking naggy. I wind mill and wind turbine are the same in essince. THEY BOTH PRODUCE ENERGY THROUGH WIND HARVESTING..The nice thing to do would to simple state, "hey guys, its a wind turbine actually. A wind mill is for ... well, milling. A wind turbine.." .I bet people atually end up milling shit with the energy produced from that fucker. so, in the end, yea. 
It gets even better - a turbine is any mechanism that uses a fluid flow to create work..A mill is a turbine in a support structure, typically with the device that uses the energy from the work in the same structure (but not always)..So as soon as the turbine is enclosed in housing and set on top of a tower, I'll reserve the right to call the entire thing a windmill.

When is this getting added to Euro Truck Simulator 2?
I NEEEEEED A TIMELAPSE!
I'm taking a guess here, but ., for those who like articles to read.
Dammit it looks like my dildo won't be here till next week if they're moving it like that
Wind turbine, not windmill. That was not designed for a mill, it was designed to generate electricity.
In OP's defense, the Danish word for those is the same. We use the word ., which means ..
Worlds largest joint 
They see me roll'n...
Wind turbine tech - the article in danish states that this blade set comes in at 30 tons per blade. They do not act as a flywheel, instead they have to be able to stop from full spin to zero in a very short time (they pitch 90degrees or more to help the brakes, still an awful sound and smell). Also, getting them lighter makes higher rotation speeds and greater lengths possible. Fun fact: each blade set is weight-matched to a max difference of less then 5 kilograms at the tip. Vibrations baaaad.
Probably not only the weight but also the center of mass.. If they are equal in mass but one has center of mass closer to the end than the other it would still be catastrophic. That's quite unlikely though because of how they are built from set parts but it still means you can't just add a bit of weight anywhere you want if the weight is off.
you can. there are pockets for balance weights built in various places. 
I was expecting something like this but that's still cool. I meant that you still need to be aware where you are putting the weight since the positioning matters a lot.
as an eletrical engineer student with focus on Renewable Energy, i had a boner.
Seriously? You gain sexual excitement from every topic that interests you?! I think you need to see a doctor.
You all might enjoy these photos. This is the construction of the very first wind turbine by Samsung on my grandparent's farm in Lubbock, Texas now called "Lubbock Wind Ranch". A prototype built by Samsung and constructed by Cielo. It is 295 feet from blade to blade and produces enough electricity for 1,800 homes and businesses..Samsung and Cielo only built one wind turbine for them to become certified first so they can then insurance it. Testing took about 7-8 months to become certified. Then Samsung and Cielo built two more on the farm for a total of three wind turbines..Each one is 2.5 MW for a total of 7.5 MW.
I would hope to god there's an elevator in there and not a stairwell.
Great album thanks for posting!
Looks like a huge joint
now that's the ugliest damn bong I've ever seen
What? do you even le smoke bruh?
Butter. Lots of it.
Paula Dean was hired as an over-sized load moving consultant?
Ah...just like sex so.
When you look at the wind turbines from far away, they look so small, you know they're big, but you never or rarely drive close enough to see how big they are. I saw them transporting this blade around Kansas and really got a feel for how big they were..It required 2 support trucks to transport (mainly to block off traffic and give "oversized load" warnings).
I live in a dense city that isn't super windy, so I hadn't really had a chance to see these and didn't really have a sense of how big they were. I finally saw one up close on a road trip and was absolutely floored by the size. Seeing the blades on the ground is even more intense. Amazing engineering.
[deleted]
Hmm, the more I stare at it, the more the middle part of the wing looks shopped, but I definitely saw it and they really are that long.
Could be the glass on the windshield- looking through it at that angle might be skewing what the eye sees a tad bit. 
That blade is about 274 feet!  When completed this turbine will be able to produce up to seven megawatts!  More pics and info can be found 
Able to produce up to seven megawatts... and throw the earth out of orbit.
7 MW so how much is that in usage?  Like powering homes and stuff? 
around 7000 homes.
The average demand per house in developed industrial society is about 2 KW.  Of course this will vary from country to country.  So if 1 MW will supply 500 houses, 7 MW would supply about 3500 houses. However if all those houses were cooking their Christmas (or Thanksgiving) turkeys at the same time, this could change the number.
Wow still that's amazing. I mean these wind turbines are not contributing some tiny measly amount of energetic. Plan thing a bunch of them can power a few neighborhoods or a small city. Add solar power and other renewables to this and that gives us clean renewable energy for a good amount of our needs. I'm impressed. 
Seriously? Goddamn! That's amazing! We need more of these lol. 
It's 1/50 of a small nuclear reactor. 
Page doesn't translate. Over what period of time will the seven megawatts be produced?
A Watt is a measurement of instantaneous power..It produces seven megajoule pr. second, which is the same as seven megawatts. (watts are like horsepower in that respect).
Thanks for actually explaining instead of calling me an idiot.

or simply install Google translate, right click on any page and you are given the option to translate into any language of your choice, it takes around 1 second to translate and display the translation. One of the best tools i have used, although it is not 100% all of the time it is very accurate and enables one to get the gist of the article.
What about hams?
I know it is in Danish but my mind still tried to read it with the Swedish Chef's voice.
Is that racist?
My heritage is Danish and fjellabe... so it's OK.
Naah.. We danes just don't like being associated with Sweden. Just like calling Americans for Canadians... 
83.5 metres
I prefer 1.21 Gigawatts. 
To be pronounced "Jigawatts"
You'd need 173 of these turbines to get that many. Get to work.
Great Scott!!
This is heavy, Doc. 
The blades alone will weigh 90 tons.
Something tells me you're not an '80s kid.  
I almost wore out our VCR watching that movie.  I took your words with unintended meaning simply to amuse myself.  
I guess your VCR wasn't made in Japan. All the best stuff . was made in Japan.
You're Great! Not.

I died xD thank you so much.
Your comment should have more upvotes.
Don't tell me what to do.
Size comparison:
.Edit: This is a wind turbine made by Siemens in Denmark, it produces 6MW, it's a year old or so
[deleted]
well with Betz law and efficiency it will never produce that amount, but it is still mind blowing to see.
Betz' law states the hypothetical maximum effect of a wind turbine, and . taken into account. I think you can trust that it does what it says on the label. Seven megawatts. (according to .)
I'm sure that picture is going to be the inspiration for a new Michael Bay movie. .Michael Bay presents... .EDIT:.Because boredom, 
i work on siemens turbines. am i your brother?
[deleted]
im on the gas turbine side, i was in commissioning for a bit but now work in thermal design of combined cycle plants.
The proximity of that plane to that turbine makes me nervous.
Wi Tu Lo
I'm no plane or turbine expert, but I don't think it is a real picture.
He's threading the needle.  I'm sure the pilot has done it before.
bats can do it why can't an A380? They're faster than bats.
Quite a bit bigger than bats too, though.
What about a bat flying inside of an A380 flying through a turbine?
Why aren't we funding this?!
It's a wind-turbine blade. Not a wing and not from a wind-mill. The blades are similar to a wing in some ways but they do not act like a wing, they do not create lift which is a wing's main purpose. Similarly a wind-turbine does not "mill" anything, it does not grind corn into flour, it just rotates a bunch of copper coils inside a magnetic field.
Well...let's not go that far. They do create lift when they move through the air. I should know, I've done experiments on one in a wind tunnel.
Like it or not, it's an evolution of the word.  Windmill to many people means both a structure that grounds flour and a structure that generates electricity from wind.. 
Look at the picture
.
This link says (loosely) and IMO it is only a matter of time before they are interchangeable.
If we really want to get technical they're all airfoils.
How do you mean they don't create lift? 
No shit, Sherlock. 
Despite its origin, "windmill" is the word for that machine. It is irrelevant whether it is used to "mill" anything..I agree about the blade part, though.
I was told at both school and university (in the UK) that windmill is absolutely the wrong term. Wind turbine is what we were taught is correct and is what is used in all decent media here.
I've certainly never been taught in the U.S. that windmill is incorrect, and windmill is certainly in common usage - as is wind turbine, although my guess would be windmill is more common. And the dictionary definition of windmill specifically includes those used to generate electricity (at least Merriam-Webster).
I'll appeal to authority on this one, please..Turbine is a mechanism that utilizes fluid flow to do work (work in the physics sense, so electricity is work)..So only the top part is a turbine. The mast it's standing on is a support structure for the turbine, but is not part of the turbine itself..A windmill is a turbine in a support structure.
Maybe it takes a Dane to know a Dane. I think this bloke is from Denmark, because the direct translation of wind-turbine in danish, is the same as windmill. (Vindmlle)
Also the 'wing-part' can be explained by simple direct translation error/definition differences.
Same for Dutch: Windmolen. Exact translation: Windmill.
Yes, you are correct :-)
 Have a good one. Mzz!
World's largest? Shouldn't it have two more exactly the same size?
Maybe they haven't been made yet?
The other two were sanded ever so slightly more, and this one received just a bit more paint.
Blades? Yes. Windmills? No.
Wind turbine blade.
A little late, dude.
It says "Windmill wing" so yea there should be more wings.
They are known as blades.
brackets help : (world's largest windmill) wing is fine. (world's largest) windmill wing is not fine.
minor error .. crucify
Seems I have misread the title.
Ah ha I did exactly the same thing.
I even went back to check twice and I didn't see wing...
Personally, I blame it on that bitch Susan! 
Is this where you store your boobies??
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!1!!1!!.OMG that is SO FUCKING FUNNY and CLEVER!!!.UPBOATS, LOLZ!!! le reddit IRL, AMIRITE?!?!?!?
check out . for more!
Picture of my Grandparents in 1943. Grandfather passed away 7 years ago and Grandmother is 92. A sweet story about this picture. Back then, enlisted men weren't allowed to be married. So, my grandparents got married secretly before he shipped out. Soon after, my grandmother wanted to visit him on base in North Carolina, but only family can visit and she can't visit as his wife. So, she borrowed his cousin's ID. She happened to have the same name, Ruth (it was popular back then.) She traveled all the way from Elizabeth, NJ to North Carolina on a train. When she arrived, she was informed that his whole unit caught a virus and they were all in quarantine. So she had to find a place to stay. She wound up tracking down a distant relative of his that lived close by. Done without the internet mind you! A couple days later they finally were able to see each other and his buddies threw them a wedding celebration... Secretly of course. This was essentially their wedding photo. Hope you enjoy!
this guy can make a blowjob sound dull
Jeremy Clarkson.....
These are very cool. 
She's a keeper.
Those are awesome!
I love it!
She's definitely a keeper
Is it bad that I wouldn't take off the Hobbes one?
is she single?
post this to 
that looks amazing
Thanks! You could say I'm a bit obsessed with Calvin and Hobbes...
haha me too. This pair was my second pair. The white ones i have look very nice, but they get dirty quick and i use them mostly as a trophy in my room lol. Can i get your phone number so she can text you the details?
I'd rather not give out my phone number but if you'd like you can PM me!
She said shes going to need your email for your paypal and her email for her paypal is .Same design, right? she says you can contact her via there with any questions or requests
I'll PM you!
oh shoot lol i meant to send the message "Can i get your phone number so she can text you the details?" to someone else wanting to buy a pair lol sorry
Marry this girl. 
Evil scientist with welding goggles on.
Hey!  Those sunglasses were popular in the 80's.  Are they coming back?.Your dad is an evil scientist isn't he?
Yup, they are coming back. Those are actually a pair of prescription sunglasses that are mine, but they looked infinitely better on him (too bad they're prescription otherwise I would've given them to him). Thom Browne has had a version like this in his collection for at least a few seasons now. 
the light bulb freaks me out the most
My wife would get dizzy from the panic attack
Especially for cats
I know that I'm in ., but I kept expecting this to turn into a gif.
My eyes darted from object to object so fast.
Would be worst if the metal end would be towards the edge.
This isn't stressful. Add a cat though...
This is most certainly stressful, adding a cat would make it more stressful.
no if you add a cat this becomes a disaster zone
Exactly, sometimes those things will start rolling if you look at them wrong.
Oh no, no, no, no, no and hell no. I'm coming over and pushing all that shit towards the middle of the table. 
Happiness is a box of cats.
Good eatin' too!
Makes me want to bury my face in all that soft kitteness.
I was so happy until the rattlesnake part. I am so sorry man. Now he's up in heaven, happier than ever!
Sorry you lost such a sweet looking puppy... :(
For future reference, there is a shot you can get for your dogs that helps to slow down te poison from snake bites. I've gotten it for my puppy and my grandmother's dog got bit by a rattle snake. She had to hike about 30 minutes back to the car and the dog is fine! 9 years old and still kicking. .I'm sorry about your puppy, but maybe this will help in the future. 
He looked so squishy... sorry for your loss! 
Why didn't he make it?
I looked at the cute pictire of this puppy before reading the title and it made me smile, but now I'm sad :(
Thank you for you condolences
[deleted]
Kinda related: when I lived in Australia my crazy cat used to occasionally kill tiger snakes which lived in our over-grown garden. Scared the hell outta me and I constantly worried that he'd get bitten (never did). Sad to hear about your little guy....
[deleted]
He was out with me on the lease. And he was bit on the snout
I hoped this post would relive some pain
I hope it works, so sorry
[deleted]
Actually brought a tear to my eye. But a good tear thank you. Cute dog!
:      '    ( 
Thats horrible! I hope that rattlesnake got viciously murdered

Sorry about your dog, I'm sure he lived a short but sweet and happy little life. .I'm sure you're having a tough time so feel free to ignore my questions, I'll try to be as sensitive as possible:.I live in an area that also has rattlesnakes and I would like to be able to spread as much awareness as possible about snake safety, frankly I'm surprised it doesn't happen more often with how curious dogs can be..What state do you live in? .Can you elaborate on exactly what happened with the snake and the dogs initial reaction to being bit? .I am curious, how big your dog was and what effect the snake bite had on him? i.e. Did it have a slow effect on him, or was it an instant reaction? .If you could fill me in on how the events transpired that would be great. Like how much time you had, and any other details you care to share. Thanks
Bulverde Texas area north of San Antonio. I didn't see him get bit. When I noticed the bite he was walking around very slowly and his snout was very swollen. I know it was a snake bite immediately so I took him to the nearest animal hospital what was about 30 minutes away. When I arrived at the animal hospital Rhyder was really out of it you could say. He wasn't responsive to any stimulation. 
  The veterinarian gave him an antidote for the venom. But his symptoms form the venom progressed very quickly and he slipped away just second after the antidote was given. The vet said the bite was most likely from a young rattler because the tend to give larger doses of venom that a full grown rattler. (But I've read that may be false. any info about it would be helpful) and because he was still a pup. .He was 4 months old and weighted about 26lbs at the time of the bite. 
That does sound like an awful thing to go through but to be honest I thought he might have been squealing and yelping from the pain. It sounds like it made him pretty drowsy which is good to lessen his suffering. .According to your description, I am thinking that he was probably bit by a Coral Snake. A Rattlesnake is a Viper and has a hemotoxic venom which is very nasty at coagulating the blood and is very painful and damaging to the immediately surrounding tissues. I have heard descriptions from humans who describe it as the most instantly excruciating thing they have ever felt. .But a Coral Snake is in the Elapid family and is related to Cobra's and Mamba's and has a much deadlier *neurotoxic" venom. The bite from an Elapid does not effect the tissues or pain centres nearly as much as rattlesnake venom. Rather it works directly on the nervous system. In fact, people describe a bite from a Mamba (another Elapid with neurotoxic venom) as actually being euphoric. The victim goes into a calm and dream-like state while the neurotoxic venom shuts down their breathing and their brain. I know it sounds awful but it is actually a lot less terrible for your dog to experience. The reason that Elapids have this type of venom is because it is very efficient at subduing their prey and makes their prey very tame and easy to swallow(yikes). The neurotoxic venom of an Elapid is a much more complex and advanced venom compared to the venom of a Rattlesnake or viper. But because it acts directly on shutting down the nervous system, it is way deadlier than rattlesnake venom. (BTW, the Mojave Rattlesnake also has a slightly neurotoxic venom which is very unusual for Rattlers or Vipers.)
That would make sence. I never saw the snake that bit him. That was just my guess because I have seen many rattle snake around the area. 
Yep, Coral Snakes are also somewhat common in your area, although they are way less likely to bite than a Rattler.

Been there too
He seems so happy to have ruined your shirt
ugh, yet another reason to hate babies
Please keep it on facebook.
Potential blackmail when he's a teenager. 
You could have just said Warped Tour. We all know that is Warped Tour.
Parent daycare tent in the background. Warped Tour is awesome
who's the dork who was too afraid to take his shirt off?.costume cohesion ruined.
That one guy really screwed up the aesthetic precision.

*Lederhosen. Singular is "Lederhose".
Came here to say this. 
Guys like you were one of my favorite parts of Lollapalooza (not counting the shows, of course). 
It's a shame they cut this video before the sacrifice.
Awh, Sie sehen alle gut aussehend!! 
Sie sehen alle gut aus!.or.Sie sind alle gut aussehend!."Sie sehen alle gut aussehend" doesn't make sense in german. ;)
Ich bin Deutsch. 
Ich auch. 
Der Satz hrt sich aber nicht richtig an.
Haha, es tut mir leid! Ich wei es nicht. 
team deutsche bag
I like to keep things mysterious 
Thanks for delivering...red stickies and a rubber band
That's awesome..Safecracking posts are always great, it's like the 'van or can' competitions that they do on some radio stations. You might get crazy mystery loot... or you might get red sticky notes and a rubber band!
It looks like it took a dookie.
"Fetch boy!"...................................
Dinner
I bet it sucks walking that thing. "Just taking a stroll around the block, honey! Be back in 5 hours!"
Burn it, burn it all down. 

One of my co-workers collects spiders and all manner of creepy crawlies. He said he was going to take it home and keep it.
Pest guys call these "occasional invaders".  Crush with scrubby side of sponge, toilet.
And it's taking your quarter!
Run while you still can
I would totally crus.... wait, how old?. I would totally crush that. Wait! Crap!.Damnit!
no fucking way, giggity.
if you enter . into the search feature...
I'd Spy on her Kids..Wait. 
One of ours has a Cat Cave on the top shelf of a linen cabinet that I store clothes in. You can tell when I need to do washing because he gets lower in there as the clothes get taken out and worn. 
  More pics of it
No waterfall? No grotto? Psh, fuckin plebeians. 
This is what it's all about. Thanks for sharing with us. :)
Meanwhile, Gob Bluth bides his time in the background.
That guys an airman. Not soldier. 
Is that voldemort?

100 bucks says its not his kid. 
Broken link you faggot.
And you just HAD to put a shitty instagram filter on it?
he certainly looks like him, maybe with a little bit more nose.
Goddamn Jody strikes again.
Dinner, is served
I just hope it is his..
why does this have 3.3k downvotes?
Is that Steve Buscemi sitting in the background? 
WHY ISN'T THE SOLDIER BAWLING UNCONTROLLABLY?!?! Robotic infiltrator soldiers, confirmed.
see u/hatepaste 's comment.
How is the sign being held up?
[deleted]
Yet here we are, you being a dick.  I think you're lying and you intended to come off as a dick.  Especially considering there's no way you can possibly know that the sign wasn't for her husband's benefit.  
That's an Airman
Can anyone find that picture of a soldier seeing his baby for the first time via webcam? That one always makes me tear up
Awwwww.
What is that small white floating orb in front of the woman's face? 
Picture is unavailable 
Wow, happy to know how many of you know this couple! They are family. There was NO hidden message, they are a wonderful couple and they provide a stable, loving environment for their baby boy! Yes, this was in San Antonio, yes, this is his baby! Yes, he had been deployed overseas, yes, the boy is advanced for his age. Yes, mom did the sign for dad, yes the family is still together...NO he is not a murderer, do you know nothing about the military and the variety of positions offered within it? HELLO! She was pregnant before he left, it is surely his baby, she did not sleep with any neighbor. WOW people JUDGE MUCH? These are loving, caring, wonderful people! THEY ARE MY FAMILY! OK, I'm done, now that I have answered every STUPID comment on here!
the ability for people to remain irreverent to personal interest stories of strangers comes from the fact that they are strangers.  arguing this, as a stranger, to a bunch of strangers, is not likely to get the reaction you are hoping for, particularly when using the textual inflection of a high-school female.  just sayin'.
My dad came home to me like that from Korea ... He said it was an interesting welcome laughing, to which I asked why. He said as soon as he held me I pooped yellow all down his uniform ;D 
That's an Airman..
Chile ABUs and Fleece pants, that is freaking awesome! But he unfortunately out of regs
I too like grey sport coats.
His first words were like "come on nancy all are free time we reddit and that sign is a serious repost. Give me the kid and get your shit together."
I meant the bases are joint bases for some branches. For example, some of the folks stationed here are Navy though there is no actual naval base in San Antonio. .The grand point of my original point being, San Antonio has a huge military presence...hence the self appointed nickname Military Town USA
[deleted]
Are you kidding me? 
This is shopped. I can tell by the pixels.
The feels...
Yay, more touching military propaganda. 
He's a pretty articulate little shit
Not the first time I've seen it and in reality not that big of a deal.
It is sad to think how often I see this same phrase on signs welcoming soldiers home... and to consider that this may not be that soldier's last deployment. :(
I can't help but think of propaganda every time I see an image like this.  
File not found, man that's harsh.
The amount of ignorance in this thread is sickening. Who gives a fuck what branch this person is in? They still have chosen to serve. It doesn't matter what job, or what branch, they are still a part of the fight. The war machine can't function without every part moving together. Downvote this all you want, but some of you need to get your heads out of your fucking asses. Whatever job this Airman holds, he's doing more for this country than many of you who are sitting on a computer insulting him for the uniform he wears.
like encouraging terrorism overseas by helping in the killing of innocents? after all, you said he's part of the war machine, so he is playing his part.
At first I thought you were making an argument for why this guy is a piece of shit and was going to upvote you, but then you jingo'd pretty hard. 
What exactly have they chosen to serve?  .Because its not the American people. It's not people. It's not peace. It's not construction..They serve politicians. They blindly follow orders. They are pawns. They are invaders. They are destroyers..And there's no fucking honor in that.
the kid is his best friend's. she "got lonely" lol
I didn't come here to feel
Now that's what you call an anchor baby.
Voldemort?!
Looks like Voldemort grew some hair in the military.
so once and for all, OP, did you get to kill anyone?
Me, the OP?
I'm a musician. 
I've melted some faces,  but never killed. 
how do you kill a face?
I don't care if you're joking or not, you don't ask anyone that question. You don't know what they've been through or how they are handling it. .Also this isn't OP in the picture. 
Is that Tampa airport?
San Antonio?
Yes, looks like it. 
I'm gonna agree. Especially since this is military town USA
My guess is that you have never been to Norfolk/VA Beach/Newport News. The entire region is one big military town.
San Antonio's un-official nickname is Military Town. The city was basically built around four military bases (three current, huge ones. The first being the Alamo).
I remember the Alamo!.Got trapped in the basement once.
I have, as I'm from NoVA. But San Antonio airport has signs in it that say Military Town USA (hence my comment). They've got several military bases in the area and some of them are bases which support personnel from multiple military branches. .There's also the fact that I recognize this airport ;)
What do you mean support personnel form multiple branches? Most bases will let you on so long as you have DoD access regardless of your branch of service.
Anyone can get onto any base with a military ID, but when he says support personnel from different branches, he means most bases are exclusive to one or two branches in regards to who is deployed/stationed there. San Antonio's bases harbor service members from all branches except the coast guard.
What does it say about me when my first thought seeing this was "she probably cheated on him"?
It says you understand statistics.
My first thought was for the poor fathers and babies that will never get to see their families because he helped kill them. 
He was gone 18 months, dun dun dunnnnn. 
FUCK. INSTAGRAM.
I thought Obama ended the war 6 years ago?
In Iraq. Sort of.
American reaction to Bush bombing other countries: "Arrest him for war crimes!!"..American reaction to Obama bombing other countries: "Give him a Nobel Peace Prize!!"
Obama should also be charged with war crimes..He has a lot of blood on his hands.
Americans give out Nobel prizes? 
I didn't say they did.
I agree with you, but Obama's still sporting his shiny Nobel Peace Prize.  Apparently, the liberals who (rightfully) bashed Bush for 8 years all love drone strikes on children now.
I don't know any liberals who voted for right-centrist Obama, at least not after the first four years.
You must know the 4 liberals who don't support him.  Cause there were like 65 million who voted for him just last year.
You'd be surprised how much some liberals have turned on him.  
They don't show it at the polls.  Obama received almost 70 million votes just last year.  I'd say the vast majority of liberals fully support him.
We had Obama or Romney.  Those were the two with a chance of winning.  .You are right to a fairly large degree, but things are getting better. Nothing to do but keep working towards a better world.  
This is why I don't support a two party system, nor do I support American democracy.  We don't have choices.  Obama and Romney are the same candidate in 99% of issues.  They just distract the population with ridiculous fringe issues like a tax rate being 1% different here or there, or which whether to bomb 3 or 4 countries, or which corporations will get the biggest bailouts.  It's a fake choice.  We don't have a say..There were some third party candidates who were really anti-war, anti-income tax, and anti corporate bailouts, but when faced with those choices, the 99% of liberals chose Obama.
OP, you  are AWESOME.  Allow me to be the first and last person to ever say that to you.  Dumbass. 
Thank you for saying something intelligent AND nice, Davey. .There's a good chance I'm the first and last to say that to you as well.
Plot twist: baby is only a few days old. 
The us is even militarising it's babies now
I didn't know Voldemort served in the military. 
Sad part is his marriage most likely will not last.
i always see these pics as a tragic loss of precious time with baby, rather than a joyous reunion
For a second there I thought the baby was wearing ABUs too.
Welcome home and thank you..Now lets work on getting all Moms and Dads home.
OMG SO ORIGINAL
Same thing adult black people say 
 
Why are you thanking him?
I thank him for his service. As a veteran I know what a thankless job it is at times.
Sad? They shouldn't have signed up if they didn't want to deal with deployment. 
Yeah... even if they sign their asses away, it is sad for the kids. But your little black heart could care less about the multiple extended tours and the effect it may have on a soldier... pfft. 
Oh, it is sad for the kids. But again, if they didn't want to put themselves and their kids through it they shouldn't have enlisted. 
His service to what?  
Quit being a little bitch.
His service in the Army and to his own oath.
I know he serves in the Army. But who does the Army serve?  .The politicians.  And we hate the politicians, with few exceptions.  Yet we love their pawns to death for some reason.
I can see your point somewhat, but having served I know that much good is done..Yes, greedy and evil people misuse the military for their own profit, however, I have seen that military protect people that build schools, hospitals, and communities. .Its not so black and white as the media would claim. 
I love you too. <3
Oh the feels!
Dry heaving
 -It's not his child.
I sure hope his mom made the right decision and fucked the neighbor to avoid cursing her son with the genes of a professional murderer.
Shh, everyone knows the war machine only exists to construct and bring peace and oil to all!
"I've waited my whole life"  big whoop, a couple of months.  Children always make it about themselves.

That's kind of sad.
Welcome back soldier. That baby ain't yours unless proven by a paternity test.
Nobody was speaking of soldiers returning home, but this guy is an asshole for knocking up some woman, then taking a job overseas so she could go through pregnancy, childbirth, and raising a newborn alone. Fuck him.
Especially since all deployments are completely voluntary...
I assure you us womens are not so incapable that we can't handle it.  It is what we're biologically designed to do after all.  
how bad do you think soldiers hate these signs?.My brother said on the phone on the way back from his first Iraq deployment.  "Don't make no stupid fucking sign"

Oh... so you're that guy.
can you please kill yourself
Doesn't really look that thrilled.  I think he's doing some math as he's standing there.
I'd say he's probably apprehensive, if not terrified.  He probably missed the entire pregnancy and he may not have experience with children.  Not to mention, the baby looks old enough he/she could easily have issues with strangers.  And Daddy is a stranger at the moment.
You are currently getting downvoted but you are right about how he looks..I had the same situation when I came off the boat.  My wife was waiting there with my 2 month old daughter.  It just kind of floors you..I knew in the abstract I was a daddy now but seeing that little chubby monster it just kind of kicks you in the gut.  My wife was just showing a little when I left and now I have a whole other person in my life..You don't know what to do, you don't know how to act, you don't know how to react.  It took me a couple days just to get used to the fact that she was my kid..Definitely one of the most mindblowing experiences of my life.
I think missing your child's birth/not being there for your wife as she delivers is kind of a jerk move. Especially considering you probably had almost 9 months of advance notice.
Um... you don't get a choice in these things. Its not like you can say "no". If you get orders, you are going regardless of your family situation. And its not like you don't know what you are getting into when you sign up/ marry an active duty member. 
You worded that as if you are locked in for life once you join.
Not for life, but for the 4 years or so of your enlistment, yeah
OK, so the time frame isn't completely outside the persons control.  With even minimal planning you could prevent the fatherless birth scenario.
Why does everyone in here think women are so incapable of handling a birth without a man around???    She knew just as much as he did what the deal was. I'm sure she handled everything just fine *gasp without a man around. 
Tell me how.  Bearing in mind, of course, that I know someone who . has gotten pregnant while being on the pill & using condoms religiously.
I highly doubt the validity of your claim considering the odds of someone getting pregnant twice while properly using birth control and condoms together is incredibly low. You're right though, there is always a possibility of that being the case, obviously there are always exceptions (a premature or late birth would also ruin a planned schedule). .I'm obviously making an emotional argument here, as opposed to a logical one (obviously its possible for a woman to give birth without their partner, but I feel that it's not an acceptable situation) so there aren't really anymore arguments I can make here. My main concern is people putting career/other obligations before their family/personal life, again however this is just me pushing my own personal priorities/ emotions.
What about people that want to make a career out of the military? There needs to be someone to lead, to take command. Are they supposed to give up on having a family because they could get deployed? The military is a lifestyle, not a passing fancy. Not to mention, the health care makes it prudent to chose to have your kids while you are in the service. If anything he made a good decision to have a kid while he was in, and the cost of that was him being absent for a little while. 
It has nothing to do with the woman needing the man. People can survive plenty of things independently with no support, but having support, especially from the person you care about the most will always be a better situation.(and since your so focused on the idea that I'm being sexist, if it was a pregnant lesbian couple, the non-carrying woman should still be there for the birth.).Even if the mother and father aren't together, he should still be there for his kid being born, its a once in a lifetime event, it should really be highest on your list of priorities.
She's the one that was apparently okay with the whole thing. She is the one who got pregnant, after all. And of course he would have been there if he could have been. I don't think you understand that for the duration of your contract the military owns you no differently than they own a tank or any other piece of equipment. Your personal life does not matter one iota. You don't get to have a personal life at all, especially if it interferes with the mission.
I heard of a kid who was charged with damaging government property because he got a very severe sunburn. It was probably just one of "those" stories, but it still made me laugh. 
If you hurt yourself doing something even remotely negligent or stupid,  you can be written up or receive punishment for it.  Because,  yes,  you are government property. 
It is a contract... You are locked in for the duration of said contract unless you break the terms. 
Too bad he is an airman. And his deployment was probably to Italy ..Since I am getting downvoted: He probably volunteered to go as well. The Air Force isn't exactly known for being hauled off to shit countries like the other branches of military. 
And only three months.
Thank you!
THE FEELS!!!!!!! LOL DAE FEELS??? I DUNT NO ENGLIS BUT I SAY FEELS CUZ ITS SO EDGY AND COOL. ./#LE FEELS
wow 16 day old account... yeh sure.... quality american soldier HUAH propanda... thank you so much for protecting our freedom and security, which seems to be found at the bottom of oil wells.
Um... I'm a writer and musician. Check my other posts.
I joined to share poetry first. 
Saw someone post a picture of a dog hugging his owner as he returned from service and remembered I snapped this picture a few months ago.
What does having a 16 day old account have to do with anything? 
Nah, they send the whole family to Italy. Source:Military Dependent in Aviano. .That being said, it doesn't matter where you go, being apart from your family is always hard. 
Tell that to soldiers and marines that go for two years at a time to shitty places where there is actual danger.
... Their jobs are harder, but being away from family is being away from family. Not to mention AF gets sent to shit places all the time. We have Vehicle Operators coming back from the desert all the time with severe PTSD from the convoys, or being attached to military units as translators, getting moarterd while working in remote locations in services. Those are Airmen. Unless you are a member of the military, don't try to put words in the mouths of soldiers and marines. They may give airmen shit about being the chair force, but the would never begrudge a combat vet regardless of service. The fact is you have no idea where this guy was, or what he was doing, but you want to feel big by putting down the sacrifice he made. Sure it was his choice to sign on the dotted line, but that didn't make his job easy. Sure he could have been somewhere nice, in an air conditioned office pushing papers, but he could also have been sitting behind the wheel of a semi truck running supplies between posts in Afghanistan. The fact is you don't know, so don't act like you do. 
1) As a matter of fact, yes, I am in the military; Army, Infantry. .2) It was a joke that didn't hurt him and just got you and a bunch of sensitive people all butthurt..3) Believe me, if I want to feel big, I wouldn't go to make jokes about some picture on Reddit. I MAY, poke fun at some arrogant redditor like you, but I am big enough on my own..4) IT IS A FUCKING JOKE! Why don't you stop policing r/fucking-pics and pursue justice on something worthwhile like a confessionbear meme..5) I have family in the Air Force, no big deal..Oh and if you take anything out of this, not EVERY military person that went on deployment is a COMBAT VETERAN. 
I think you forgot that jokes are supposed to be funny. Of course if I knew you were infantry, then I wouldn't have wasted my time trying to explain anything to you.
ZOMG, an infantry joke. Let's make fun of the people that gave us a country to begin with. Typical internet coward..Are you or were you in the military yourself? If you are I bet you were just waiting for this question. .No need, you are already bragging about it in another thread. Deployments are long, up to 6 months? Maybe if they are so hard why don't you just quit? .Also, I guess a 4 year degree having, officer grunt is too stupid to make it outside of the military right? Except I am a fucking analyst and now paying taxes while you soak up all the benefits of staying the the safety net. I have no problem with airmen personally, I just hate when they go around complaining and claiming that they are risking their necks like a Marine or Ranger when they are sucking down  free lobster in an exotic duty station.  
Lotta people work overseas.
Who says you can't celebrate them coming home?
I refuse to stand behind my comment.
Why?.Just because your brother thinks they're 'stupid fucking signs' doesn't mean that every soldier does. There are a million other things that are actually stupid in this world and a cute, thoughtful sign isn't one of them.
[deleted]
AF here at the airport right now. I won't even wear my uniform at an airport, much less appreciate a sign. Who wants that attention?
Technically we aren't allowed to wear our uniform while traveling. I can't stand seeing ones who do..I understand to and from the desert or on military aircraft, but not normal airlines. You're just looking for attention then.
I think you can on orders, like pcs-ing and stuff too. But I agree I hate being in uniform if im not at work.. or people who wear their combat boots with civies. Pisses me off. 
The only time I had to wear my uniform at an airport was when I flew from a flight from the States to Qatar for a deployment. Every other time is just by choice. They prefer you not to wear them any other time because it makes you a target. Plus you look like a douche.
They may not be stupid to you, but they are to most normal people.
You're generalizing. 
I admit I wore my green boots all the time in civvies when I was an AIT. Though I have really wide feet and only then discovered how wonderful wide-sized boots were. My BMT boots were the only comfy footwear I had.
Why aren't you allowed?
Draws attention we don't need. It makes us a target.
That makes sense!
He was/is a Marine.  They really don't like publicizing themselves or at least him and all of his war buddies were that way. 
Judging by the comments that said you can't wear your uniform whilst travelling, it seems as if this particular marine does like to publicize himself if he chose to still put his uniform on.
That's hilarious. Marines are so full of themselves they go out of their way to work their Marine-ship into conversation every chance they get. 
i'd say the ones that have seen real combat aren't very vocal.  it's the young ones that havent seen shit that seemed to boast about how they were badasses..after three tours in Iraq my brother had nothing good to say about the shit he's seen and done, just that he'd rather not have anyone go again.
I personally didn't see it as grabbing others' attention, but maybe that was their intention.
 ....hello Army Recruiter. 
There are tons of them, constantly flooding Reddit with their propaganda.
Calm down there.
Lousy way to recruit. "Miss the birth of your child, sign up today"
Be in the military and you will be able to experience these heart warming moments.  Be in the military and you'll attract a woman and have a child
How would posting up pictures of someone missing his child being born be promoting the Army??
I'm a writer and a musician. I'm an activist against the war. 
I saw a picture of a dog hugging his owner in the airport when he returned back from war and remember I snapped this picture a few days ago. .I literally left a conspiracy site and joined Reddit instead because everyone over there was too paranoid, but jeez...
if you try to defend yourself after every comment you find offensive, you're gonna have a bad time
GLP
We are well aware of the military's use of Reddit to spread feel-good propaganda.  In fact, we keep track of your sock puppet accounts on this subreddit:.It's not paranoia.  We know the nature of the US Federal Government, thanks to people like Edward Snowden and Michael Hastings.
Damn, that's a dumb sub reddit. I find it silly how apparently every post  or picture that has to do with the military (or cops) in a favorable light is secret propaganda, marketing and a brainwashing tool. Come on.
I have never seen that subreddit, but it's logical to assume that one of the reasons everything is in there is to keep track of every post and their OPs and connect the dots, if there are any dots to connect. 
Go away, smelly. 
I find it silly how these posts are made by people with a few weeks/days of posting history and they get upvoted thousands of times.  But I guess I'm just paranoid.  Like those people who said the Federal Government was spying on all electronic communication.
Agreed. Out of the millions and millions of topics and comments on the internet,  I too choose to request people to kill themselves for evolving the English language past my comfort zone. 
Seems logical. 
le feels so many le feels dae feels le.hey guys, the soldiers spoke. Since this is reddit, we're all going to suck his dick now for being a soldier. thank you brave atheist soldier..le feels. so many le feels le.le edit: not enough le feels. here are some more le feels. le feels. le feels. im being so original. le . feels. dae. le. feels. le
yeah because perpetuating the thing you hate is going to get rid of it, right?.You are the problem you're trying to point out.
ur rite im not putting in enuff feels..#feels #kanyeforpresident
Don't forget the oh so original 'SOO BRAVE' response for anyone who dares question the military. 
le so brave le i am not le standing le up for that le too. le . le. dae le feels. so brave. le brave level: le obama.dae hate obama. le
There's questioning the military, and then there's the pathetic stereotyping of everyone even remotely involved in it that you perform. .You are so intent on your stereotyping you won't even have the balls to respond to this comment..Coward.
His father kills people.
Or runs communications equipment.  .BUT HEY LET'S NOT SPLIT HAIRS HERE.
...that allows others to kill people. Either way fuck anyone who decides it's a good idea to help wage wars on piss poor countries that never attacked, much less threatened us.

Yea because we all know the US military doesn't randomly invade countries halfway around the world, kidnap people and imprison them indefinitely with no trial, or torture people...oh wait. 
That's not a soldier.
I think we all know he's an airman, judging by his ABU, but I seriously doubt that this was the focus point of the picture.
Well, in his defense, he said "speaking of," not "this is a." Airmen returning home are still the same general idea as soldiers returning home. 
For any of you who don't know, this is actually pretty common.  So common, in fact, I'd call it trite.
I've said it before, and I'll say it again: men with young children like that should not be in the Armed Forces. It's your job to be a dad, not a soldier.
This is one of the reasons I got out of the service.
Being a dad is a terrible job.
I had a friend whose dad was always gone her entire life growing up, as well as her little brother's. I know it was always hard for her, she never could get close to him and it was a rocky relationship. Her mom worked as a nurse, so she was always being the mom at home and helped raise her little brother, while he's still away. It's because of him that she turned down a proposal from a long-time boyfriend because he was going in the armed forces, doing the same thing. Now they're in a rocky relationship because she doesn't want her children going through the same things she went through. .I just had to share! It's sad, really. My brother and dad are/were both in the military, but my dad was out atleast 10 years before he had kids, and my brother is 20 and is still in, but is in no hurry to marry or have kids until he's out. 
Quoth the imgur, 404.
Anyone have a mirror?
You can't hide your PSYOPS with a shitty instagram filter. 
got to love these feel good posts from brand new users.  propaganda much?
My main life goal is to do feel good things for others. 
My propaganda is love. 
Are new users expected to only post cat and GTA mems?
Don't mind the paranoia. It's been proven a few times that the US military has been using new accounts  as shills to put stories/pictures like these out on Reddit for propaganda and good will towards their soldiers. All/most of them deleted their accounts when people started coming up with the evidence to link the dots.  
"My main goal in life is to do feel good things for others, so I joined the army and got myself an M16, 900 happy feelings per minute." 
Actually, I joined a band who's main message is that of peace. 
it just happens a lot and some people think it is to keep people "supporting the troops,"  since you made the account recently, and only posted one other thing on Reddit since it was made,  it leads me to believe their may be an anterior motive.  maybe if it wasn't your first "successful," on an account that is barely two weeks old i would agree. if you want to do feel good things for others start by freeing the people, not by whoring for karma and/or pushing certain views for a hidden agenda.   
I've posted three poems, and this is my second meme. 
I couldn't care less about 'karma.' 
I just figured I would post up this picture.
Fuck me, right?
*ulterior
 anterior means like, the back
i don't think "meme" is the term used for a random picture taken at an airport.  it just seems very strange that your first "feel good," picture is that of a soldier returning home and your account is pretty much brand new.  if other people weren't known for doing this i wouldn't be saying it, unfortunately this is the world we live in.  
i blame auto correct.  thanks for spotting it though.  someone might have tried to discredit my statement entirely on my lack of care as to my auto corrects preference of words.  
np.  Out of curiosity, any reason why anterior might be higher up than ulterior in your auto correct?  I've literally only heard it used in medical/veterinary applications.
alphabetical maybe?  my phone was 20 bucks with the plan i don't expect it to be on par in any respect.  
lol who knows.   I normally don't even correct people but I was honestly just surprised to see the word at all.
no worries.
Just about every single one of these soldier returning pics are posted by an account that's less than a month old with only a couple of posts or none at all. Seems a bit suspect.
i agree.  propaganda is legal in the US now you know.  
Reddit seems to be decidedly anti-military, because the military is all corporate whores who make all the political decisions and slaughter innocents by the thousands across the globe, apparently. You're safer with cats, or whatever bandwagon Reddit is on at the time. 
I'm not entirely sure that the issue is Reddit being anti-military....Oh look, another soldier. He's been overseas. He's meeting his family in the airport. Yes, he's very brave. Great. We know. Find something else to post about.
[deleted]
So brave.
Do you even know what that retarded saying means or are you simply so un-original you just say it to everyone you disagree with?
A downvote wasn't enough, and a well-thought out comment wasn't possible in response to drivel like that. Hence, "so brave.".Go jump in front of a fucking truck.
So much potential with that awesome user name..And you just run around being a jackwagon.  Shame. 
Hooray, more pro-war propaganda! .Edit:
Ok, so this was more unpopular than expected, oh well. For the interested, check out . for a collection of more overtly pro-military propaganda posts.
I would say never go full retard but it seems you already have :(
Not sure how this is advocating war. 
Ok, well more pro-military.
Yeah, this soldier is smiling! Must be propaganda!
Hey, fuck you.  There is a difference between war and soldiers.  I fucking hate the war for all the trauma and tragedy it has caused for our soldiers and citizens and the soldiers and citizens of every other country involved.  And I have lost people due to these wars.  I have wept and mourned and cursed these wars.  But I will never show a soldier or veteran anything less than the utmost respect for doing something that I, and most of you, have never had the balls to do.  
Not the balls, just not the stupidity.
I understand you don't have the balls to fly a plane into a building, but the people who do don't get my respect either.
Definitely the balls.  You've got dibs on the stupidity.  Please, continue judging the choices other people have made with their lives because they're different than what you would have done.
I believe it's stupid to put yourself in harms way for for objectives that are often not your own. If that's what you want to do, then that's your choice, however I believe that it's a stupid one.
Um, not what I said at all, but thanks for the deliberate misinterpretation.
Yeah, because that's . what this is......a nefarious cog in our nation's incredibly efficient war-propaganda machine, during the drawdown....when it's needed most..idiot. 
I think this is more pro-family propaganda.
I honestly couldn't be more against war,  but I love love and seeing others happy. 
I'm sure this picture definitely would have made the front page if it had been a businessman who left his home for a job overseas and then came back to his child....not. this is blatantly military propaganda bullshit.
Love means being there for your mate while she carries and births your baby, not off on some imperialistic deployment.  People need to think harder before enlisting.
Ah I can't wait until school starts again in the fall. 
Love has many definitions
You're right, and this guys love to kill foreigners obviously outweighed the love for his family. 
Everything isn't so black and white. not every soldier has a blood lust that makes them want to kill foreigners.
He's an Airman. 
*Chairman
Is this a term military people use for Airmen? Because it's brilliant.
Airman Basic, even.
or officer, too blurry to see his collar
Looks like captain
Most likely an officer. I've seen more officers travel in uniform than enlisted. Plus what AB actually deploys? Not a whole lot.
They don't deploy, but they love to come home for RAP in uniform. And his haircut is too well within regs for him to be an officer. Also note that his uniform looks dark enough to be brand new and the creases are so sharp it looks like he had them pressed.
You speak the truth. This is him probably coming home from tech school..Man, I remember that plane ride. We were told to fly in uniform but I wasn't about that business. Had a pair of civi's in my carry-on. 
im almost positive airmen basic don't deploy 
Transferred from seamen.
but wouldn't seamen transfer from...
Stop right there. There's no end on the road you're about to go down.
hhhuhhu
FTFY
who the eff would leaved behind their family to shoot Afghani goat-herders??!?
Cost of job security my friend. There are a lot of people out there who have no other real options aside from military service in order to provide for their families. 
leave*
That's fine. Just don't tell me I owe them my freedom and support them for making such a questionable life decision. 

dat tricare. 
That same argument can be used for people joining gangs and slinging drugs. Just because military is government sanctioned it still doesn't make it a moral decision and people who decide the lives of others are worth less than theirs simply because they aren't american can go fuck themselves. 
So much courage from someone who has never had the balls to actually defend their beliefs in person. 
Judging by the uniform, rank, and location, I doubt he "pulled the trigger" on anything other than a computer mouse.
The mafia boss never pulled a trigger in his life.
does anyone else always read the different colored letters looking for a hidden message?
"It's not yours".Though on a serious note I had a friend that happened too, his hobag got pregnant while he was overseas...it fucked him up worse than the war did.Anyone who does this to an enlisted person should be beaten to death with a garden hose
I'm glad I'm not the only one.
I did at first glance.. but second glance she looks re-pregnant and then the math started to take place in my head...
r/conspiracy would have a field day
Yes. I do. And I'm always disappointed.
I read the word of each line and got 'welcome dad I've my to.' She's cheating on him for sure. 
No, but now that you brought it up, I'm going to have to start.  Fuck.
This is American government propaganda to make you forget about the real costs of war and all the dead Iraqi children.
Such wise words from a boy who thinks Chavez was a hero. .Why don't you put the fedora back on and stay on 4chan you little fucker. 
At least the . on 4chan are better.
The fuck is wrong with you, guy?
It's not propaganda for those who actually go through this. 
Through posing for a picture to post on social network so people see how nice it is to be a soldier and instead of seing the atrocities of war ? 
Yeah must be hard. But you should maybe check how many times this person posted that picture. 
I think this picture brings into perspective how shitty it is to be a soldier. He missed the birth of his child. .Not every picture of a guy in uniform smiling is fucking propaganda.
My husband fucking missed the birth of our child.  Don't even act like you know anything because you don't. We have pictures of that homecoming but they aren't up on the wall or framed because remembering those events are too painful for us. .Also, posting pictures of what war is really like it illegal- so blame the government and the easily offended, not the military for that. .Ill say it again. Shut your fucking mouth about things you don't have a clue about. .It is better to remain silent and people assume your ignorance than to open your mouth and remove all doubt. 
Your husband is a part of the same military that is .Here's some excerpts from the article:.-Afghan taxi driver arrested without any evidence of wrongdoing.-chained to the ceiling of his cell, suspended by his wrist for .. His arms were dislocated from their sockets and flapped limply whenever he was gathered for interrogation.-legs were beaten so severely that they would've required amputation had he not been tortured to death.-the people he was arrested with were sent to Guantanamo (where they suffered more torture) and were eventually released after 15 months and .Now this was an innocent taxi driver. Your husband may not have been directly involved, but he was a part of the same organization that is responsible for these crimes .. People have legitimate reasons for being disgusted by your husband.
Why are you blaming the people who are taking orders instead of the ones giving them? For the majority of the military, they do not know what they are getting themselves into when they join, and they suffer greatly for the things they were forced to do. My (ex) husband and I aren't even together anymore due to shit that he has been put through, and it wasn't anything close to anything like that. .Again, you people don't even know what you're talking about. I am fucking disgusted by people like you who think you're so much better than those who look at the blood on their own hands hate themselves, a large percentage of the time taking their own life after spending so much time trying to alter the system instead of crucifying the troops. 
We were only taking orders. Where have I heard that on before? Oh right! .. Only following orders was not a sufficient defense for any Nazis or Nazi collaborators. You can't use that pathetic excuse here. .I wonder, do you extend the same courtesy to the average Taliban fighter? They're just taking orders as well. Of course you don't because you understand that they have their own faculty and reasoning that should dictate whether or not they join that organization. For some reason though, you give US military members this privilege. It's because you are a hypocrite..The only way that these higherups have this power is that people like you and your husband give it to them. This shameful attitude that you lot have towards torture and your lack of accountability is what has landed us in this situation. "I was only taking orders." That's especially despicable. Tell that to the taxi driver's wife and young daughter, Rashida. .You sicken me.
Haha.  You really don't get it do you? .Oh, and you're wrong in assuming I don't extend that to Taliban fighters. So many of them do what they do because the Taliban leaders are threatening their families. .You don't understand how the military works obviously. I don't mean on paper. I mean in real life when people aren't looking. I am all out of fucks to give about your opinion of something you don't understand. .You are welcome to your opinion, just remember why you are allowed to voice it. People went to war. 
Oh yeah and don't forget the reptilians and the NWO and the... Crab people. 
Crab people. Crab people. Crab people. 
The only combination with the right number of vowels and consonants is:.D A D L A E R Y M T O N E R U O Y.Looks like gibberish. Nothing to see here, folks.
Can make three three letter words...
Half life 3 confirmed
Nothing... unless you read it backwards..Edit: Fuck. It actually does say something backwards. I was trying to trick people. 
Fuck... 
Wait, it's clearly saying "My dad is really Larey Mtoneroy." .I'm sure it's a childish misspelling of Larry... so who is Larry Mtoneroy?.(yes I'm joking)
WE FOUND IT :O WHO IS LAREY MTONEROY??
Pretty sure I saw this pic on Facebook a couple of weeks ago. 
Same here... maybe Op stepped off a plane and saw it on someone's facebook page.
Very possible. I posted it there too.
...mom?
Nice save! 
uh....Jeffrey?!
Mike!?
Buddy?!
I'm not your buddy, pal.
Finally someone responds correctly..And Im not your pal, buddy!
Dr Scott?!
Aunt Carol?!
Rocky!?!?
Janet?!
Kevorkian?!
KHAAAAAN!
Yo ADRIAN!!
All of you missed out on a perfect Back to The Future joke and I'm slightly dissapointed.
DONKEY!

WWAAAAAALLLLTTTTT!!!!

I know it's insensitive and somewhat not related but it'd be nice to get an answer. I'd like to know why soldiers are celebrated for their love to their family and seen as great fathers when they come home to their family after a long deployment? Sure it's lovely to see family reunited and all but they choose to leave their families and do that to their families. They put their careers before their family and yet if any other occupation did that it would not be seen as selfish. I must be seeing it the wrong way so it'd be nice to get a different perspective.
Edit: Meant to be selfish, not not selfish.
A lot of the time people join the army after finding out that they are about to be a parent in order to have money to support the child. So they are sacrificing the rewards of seeing their newborn child in order to give it a better life.
People are downvoting you because they don't like the truth. They will downvote me as well. Because that's the Reddit way. 
A lot of people join the military without commitments to spouse or family and when they do have a family, the military isn't really something you can back out of all of a sudden, even if you can legally. Second, the whole point they are celebrated is precisely because they put their careers first at considerable personal risk and sacrifice. I don't think they're celebrated for being good fathers or love to their family anymore than the average person is. It's more about the sacrifices they have to make. My parents came home every night after work, military parents don't get to do that. 
Well, there are a lot of benefits that come with being in the military. The GI bill is now transferable to your children if you are in for 10 years, you get free healthcare, and your children get the unique opportunity to live overseas if you choose to take those tours (Italy, Germany, England, Korea, Japan, Guam.. I am sure I am missing a few... These are all places you can take your family). The deployments are long, but most jobs (at least in the Airforce, where all my experience comes from) you only deploy maybe once every few years for six months at a time. Some jobs deploy more than others, but my job I would have had to volunteer for a deployment if I wanted to go. My husband is coming up on 8 years and the worst we had were a few TDY's. The pay is actualy quite nice, you have extreamly good job security (as long as you arent a fuckup), and there are consistently opertunitys to advance, and even opertunities to compleatly chage your careear path. Not to mention the education benefits if you seek them out. Air force has almost 100 percent tuition assistance for the airmen, and dependents get cheaper classes at some universities. These active duty members make the sacrifice to leave their family for six months to a year every few years so that they can build a better future for their children, and provide them with a stable and secure present. IT is their choice, but it is a choice that many parents would make for their kids if they could. 
Honor of serving your country perhaps?  I'm not really sure how people rationalize it.  What I don't understand is why a serviceman would get his wife pregnant a few weeks before he's set to deploy, thus leaving his pregnant wife to go through pregnancy, birth, and then infancy of the child on her own.
Ehh my husband is due to deploy in a few months and a couple months ago we had a scare. May sound bad but we were both relieved I wasn't pregnant because we both didn't want meto deal with a pregnancy without him or have him miss his first childs well firsts. I guess what I mean sometimes "accidents" happen. Or a non scheduled deployment comes up. 
I grew up in a pretty poor, rural town where lots of guys join the military. For many, when the alternative is either college (most don't have the resources/ability/desire to go) or a low-paying manual labor/customer service job, it's the best shot at a well-paying job and an increase in the standard of living. Many people also join the military to escape a troubled past, or to "shape up" their lives.  That's basically how they rationalize it..Also, many times the wife is pregnant and then they find out they're being deployed, or occasionally it's an accident due to "I'm about to leave we should have sex a lot".  I think it's very, very rare that somebody gets their wife pregnant on purpose right before deployment
As a woman, I don't understand why any woman would put herself through this. It sounds horribly depressing to have to go through all that without your SO. 
I think it's more that when a soldier is deployed there is a decent chance he's never coming back. Spending a year or more wondering if today is the day a well dressed army official knocks on your door bringing bad news makes these reunions very intense. 
This guy gets it. If we could go on a business trip to just a few states over and get the same pay and benefits we got from joining then most of us wouldn't have joined.
Most don't put their career first. We do this to take care of our loved ones.
Providing for your loved ones by killing others loved ones.
haha, hes an airman, he probably never killed anyone, but then again you're the kind of person that probably thinks treyvon martin was a 13 year old who was gunned down from behind in cold blood while walking home.
I would be quite surprised if he killed someone directly.  .Just another cog in the Great War machine, it's no ones fault. .Soldiers are just following orders, politicians never fought. No ones to blame for the death.
As much as I agree, we aren't just a war machine. I have supported more humanitarian missions than any other. Helps me deal with the other sadness we cause in the world.
Well, I'm . joking. .'s text, if read backwards, says:.Y O U R E N O T M Y R E A L D A D.!!!.There's a . message here! Get Dan Brown on the phone! LAREY MTONEROY is the real dad!
He's joking. There's no R in the sign.

BETTER DRINK YOUR OVALTINE
Because most soldiers come from difficult circumstances and are making significant sacrifices to raise their standard of living, gain valuable skills and increase lifetime earnings. This is important for a family because it can make huge changes in your family's SES in a single generation. See also: truck drivers, oil rig workers, deep sea fishermen, etc..Not too long ago, being a soldier was a way to access higher education without the burden of loans (if you were even made aware that educational resources were available to you) for low-income individuals. It's not coincidence that many soldiers come from Bumblefuck, Nowhere with a collapsed steel/mining/manufacturing industry and very few opportunities. As it turns out, few people sign up to get shot at in the desert if they have some other way to make a living. .tl;dr Soldiers deployed for long periods of time are considered good parents because they are putting their family and children above their very lives as they strive for career opportunities and economic advancement. 
It's things like this that really hit me in the feels. I'm glad this brave man made it home to see his child. :)

stupidest fucking filters ever
It's just a filter... chill out 
I think he needs to find a way to filter out his anger.
Man I'd really like to see this fucking picture.
OP pls respond... pls
Twist:  24 month deployment, 7 month old baby.
I'm betting he's an AB who just got out if tech school. He was probably gone less than 8 months.
There is no visible deployment patch on his shoulder. Where did it go?
Come on, man. Pay attention. Look at his collar. Also, It only takes 6 months TIG to get Amn. So, unless he had a short tech school he would, or got in trouble, he would at least be E-2.
hes airforce, they dont have rank on their collar in ABUs. hes an officer. Looks like Captain to me
Officers have rank on their collars. Enlisted rank is on the sleeves.
I said that? lol I guess it could of been more clear though.
That's an army thing.
He is a captain for sure lol
I'm on my phone so I guess you could be right.
I've seen people leave their tech school as AB's. His collar is covered by his backpack and the picture us fuzzy as hell, so he . be an officer, but I doubt it.
Enlisted doesn't wear rank on the collar in ABUs.
Thats what I said? I guess it wasnt very clear though
Na look at his collar and stop being retarded
hooray for R&R! (.)
So true. A friend of the family was deployed when his wife was ~ 6 mos pregnant. He has some R&R, meets his now 4 mos old baby, gets jiggy with the wife, three weeks later? Bingo! Preggers! This time he was home for the birth. 
How'd the baby make that sign?
More of a perplexing point: this guy couldn'T have been deployed for more than a year.
Yes he could have. And that baby isn't a year old. He may have deployed when she was due. 
Well, if the baby was more than a year old, there is the possibility of more hair. Also, unless that baby is mentally damaged (or less than a year old) it should be able to walk on it's own just fine.
Or she was impregnated during his leave and he was one of the first guys out
The baby's real dad helped.
Diligence.
Hmmm I am currently very skeptical of this thread. The OP's account is only 16 days old, and this is not the first time a tear-jerking story or photo of military reunion gets posted by very new accounts and reaches the front front page. There were several discussions of how the military made these accounts with pro-America messages as some sort of recruiting campaign..Edit: 
 
Yeah, because going off to war so you miss the birth of your child and the first months of his/her life is a fucking brilliant recruiting tool. 
No... its more like pr for public support for the military.  It's an actual phenomenon here.  Op could quite possibly be a faget.  But op could also not be... evidence is not in his favor
"You know what would make this blurry ass picture better? A layer of shit color instagram filter".Thought process of whoever took that photo.
DAE HATE WHEN TOTAL STRANGERS USE CERTAIN PHOTOGRAPHY APPS?!
lol le filter wat?
Whoa. That is the EXACT thought process I went through. 
Why the downvotes? I laughed out loud at his sarcastic response..edit: interesting, his comment went from -22 to +56 after I commented
Because you're supposed to downvote stuff that doesn't contribute to the discussion?
Shut up, cunt.
Done!
Why am I not suprised people downvoted me for pointing out the rules that you're supposed to be following on Reddit in general?.Thanks for reminding me of why the karma system is a joke, guys.
You pointed out a rule he was already following. You were downvoted because the information you supplied was wrong. .People always get so hostile when they lose their karma points, downvotes are meant to hide comments that don't contribute or are just plain incorrect. They're misused often but in this case you were downvoted justly.
Honestly?.I dont' care about karma.   And I'm going to  prove it by saying downvote me.. anyone who reads this, please.  Hell I'll even downvote myself....IF I cared that much about karma, please look through my post.  I have not retracted a . thing I have ever said in the posts I've posted here because I feel if you're not man enough to stand by your words your words are meaingless..Just because some people wallow in precious meaingless points doesn't mean that everyone does..They're fucking meaingless, in part, because nobody uses them the way they're supposed to be used, there's no context to why people downvote.. and that's not even counting alternate account votespamming and other such activities..TL:DR He asked a question, I answered it.  I guess I'm a bad person for that.
You're supposed to downvote someone when a bunch of other people already have. Everyone knows this.
But it did contribute to the discussion that barbie museum started.  
So, are you new at this whole trolling thing?  Because, frankly, that's just pathetic.  You gotta be subtle about it...
No trolling here, you're just a buzzkill cunt.
So apparnetly you don't know what trolling is either..I think /b/ called, they want thier idiot back.
You might be the most boring person in the world.
Now you're not even trying...  Not that you weren't before.

You ruined your entire argument by associating your karma with how good or bad you are as a person. You point out .  and the rules your supposed to follow, yet when I explain to you why you received downvotes - according to reddiquette - you simply call the system a joke (which I won't deny it is)..You were downvoted because you were wrong, not because you are a bad person, not because of anything else. Downvotes being used as intended to allow correct comments to be seen over incorrect comments.
Like I said, you're telling me "You're a bad person and should feel bad."  

I should charge you for that spot on analysis.
I should charge you for anal-izing that spot!....Pervert.
A life time of practice. 


Where was this? Do you have more pictures?
Where?
Newark.I have quite a few.. Unfortunately I don't really know how to post an album full of pictures
If you're using . (the most popular image host on Reddit) it's really simple, just select multiple files from your computer or drag + drop multiple files into the uploader and then click on the "make album" button.
alright i put some up
Ahh, it says "JoeSchaefer's images are not publicly available.".You might have to check a box to make them available to anyone..Also, once you get the album up, you might have some good luck posting these on . 
haha sorry about that.. i believe i fixed it... and thanks I'll definitely try it out
Nice, it's all working now, that's a great set.
"Take me to the river! Put me in the water!"
When I first saw this in his apartment, I thought it was a Big Mouth Billy Bass but it's actually a REAL FISH he caught!  It still makes me laugh whenever I walk by though hahaha
nice sized too. keep it dusted they look like crap when they're dirty.
Thanks for the advice!  He's very proud of this, and my cats just sit and stare at it like it's going to attack them.
lmao be careful they don't knock it down.
Do you visit him often?
Um....Coke Zero caffeine free? I just bought a 2 liter of it yesterday...
Maybe it's not a canceled product but a pre-release and perhaps you are in a test market.  I would buy it if it was available. .: .  It looks like it will be available nationwide by August.
Buddha-cola.  What a country!
So it's basically just water at that point right?
Mind = blown
I better your fingers are exhausted!
Someday I hope I can gather the motivation to do that.
Xpost r/circlejerk
Waterfall looks like Navajo falls in Havasu canyon, a side canyon off of the Grand Canyon. This particular falls no longer exists as the most recent flood that occurred caused the water to take a different route.  This set of falls was upstream of the well know Havasu Falls that there has been a recent post of. (I hiked 10 miles into the Grand Canyon for this picture)...
I can smell them they're so sausagey right now.
Ah yes. The view is certainly worth that treacherous journey. Thank you for sharing.
Bitter much?
And where is located this waterfall?
Yea
Upvote for the honesty
30 seconds to google a waterfall? You're doing it wrong.
Mmm...28k modem.
No I had to make sure it was a pretty one
Mmm...pretty one.
One of the only things I remember from math class
The odometer says boobs for those who can't see it. I admit it took my way too long to figure it out.

Opened this picture while I watching Mythbusters. Quite a coincidence!
He's probably wondering why that walrus is sounding like a human.
westies >
You've been had by Ace Ventura pet detective
So much room for activities! 
Rience, raggy!
Are they doing the myth about dogs can't see television?

From the wikipedia....
Funeral.On August 20, 2005, in a private ceremony, Thompson's ashes were fired from a cannon to the tune of Norman Greenbaum's "Spirit in the Sky" and Bob Dylan's "Mr. Tambourine Man." The cannon was placed atop a 153-foot tower of his own design, in the shape of a double-thumbed fist clutching a peyote button originally used in Hunter S. Thompson's 1970 campaign for sheriff of Aspen, Colorado. Red, white, blue, and green fireworks were launched along with his ashes. According to his widow Anita, Thompson's funeral was financed by Depp, a close friend of Thompson. Depp told the Associated Press, "All I'm doing is trying to make sure his last wish comes true. I just want to send my pal out the way he wants to go out."

Buy the ticket, take the ride.
The good Doctor is missed.
Looks bubble gum flavored..OP confirm?
I'm not going to chew it, but yes, it looks like it would be bubble gum flavored. 
Believe or not, this was a 'thing' long before your internets picked it up.
From the sidebar:
no cakeday posts
But that mean no posts with "cake day" in the title, or no posts about cake days at all?
I've heard the term "cakeday" used for years, long before reddit. Reddit turned it into its own annoying little thing but nonetheless, its not new.
Crazy! I'd never heard it before reddit, and I assumed it became a thing here because of the symbol.
This is my favorite thing ever, so far.
Why are there no pictures of the baby riding Sir Giant George?
Charge!
Better hide it. Those damn transformers are always looking for that allspark thing.
I remember seeing a gif kinda like this. A guy touches a nail to a glass sheet, and you can see the electricity go through it. If only i could remember where it was.
The Allspark will be mine!!!
Is it about my cube?
Is this what an energon cube looks like?
Looks like a bundle of nerves
The Tesseract is real! 
The point where the electricity is concentrated looks like the Batman-Symbol
"An 3" it shouldn't bother me as much as it does
I like how it resembles plant roots.
looks totally awesome
And they said you couldn't cage lightning.
Is my username finally relevant?
This looks like a black metal or death metal bands logo
Found the thunderstone!
How much of electricity have been discharged? Unbelievable omission of the staff that matters.
Dang, I thought it was an oscillatory chamber at first......I guess it's not quite time for magnetocrafts yet. :(
This company gets reposted every month, with an inevitable link to them in the threads.. ?
I Was skimming this thread to make sure Transformers were referenced. I can rest easy now.
Fuckin' electricity - how does it work? 
The Tesseract has awakenend

Holy Crap. This has to become a magic item for my D&D campaign world. What would a . do? 
High Res please.
What's this? .Pikachu is evolving!
WE ARE THE FURY
quick! hire more staff!
I finally made a typo in stuff/staff. It was the last word that I have never made a mess in, and I was holding on to it making Russian mnemonics (st_u_ff = __, st_a_ff = __).This is the end. :-)
Tesseract.
Grammar. *A
Science, bitch!
 ?? Should we call SHIELD?
I have one, but mine is cylindrical. Not easy to make though.
Was going to say, I have a cylindrical one sitting here right next to my laptop.
how? I have a length of wire plugged into a wall, and a clear plastic cube. what do?
You plug the wire into a particle accelerator and point it at the plastic cube. Then hit the cube with a nail. 
Looks like a winter forest.
If it weren't for the tremendous pain, and likelihood of serious injury and/or death, I would absolutely get a 
Apparently they don't last. It was in some other thread
This would be upsetting if I thought there was actually a chance of this happening to me. However, now I just find it interesting. I wonder if they could be made more permanent by applying some type of dye while the burns are still fresh?
Get a tattoo artist to do it in lighter ink.
That wouldn't be "real" enough for me. I wouldn't want an artistic interpretation of electricity's path, I would want the real thing. Also, the fact that it would be done in mere milliseconds, and not hours is pretty appealing.
How it's made: 
nice typography.
Where would I get one?
Our agency makes them whenever we decommission a linear accelerator.  You expose it to high-electron beams (18MeV i think) and then tap the plastic with a grounding stick.  
Ebay: 
We call these "Beam Trees".  Google it.  I've gotten a few for free from attending conferences over the years. SLAC at Stanford used to give them out as well. I don't know about now. 
Quite shocking.
That didn't phase me. 

Ohm my god. Watts with all the puns?
Seems to be the most current thing to do.
Seems like quite a charged atmosphere in here
Amp I the only one around here not laughing at all the puns?
Stuff it in your hole
stuff it in your socket
An ex of mine got one for me as a gift from .. It's pretty fucking awesome.
Thanks and happy cake day.
Why thanks ya!
I must have one!
Assuming its a leidenfrost figure, the electricity is discharged FROM the cube, not into it..s/leidenfrost/lichtenberg
Bah... Beat me to it. 
It seems it accumulates from tributaries into fatter branches - why does it do that?  Does flowing electricity somehow reduce resistance? (Do you get a sort of lower pressure?)  Or do these figures reflect differences in resistance already present in the acrylic cube?
My guess is that since electricity will follow the path of least resistance all the "tributaries" lead to the fatter branches, which are just where the least-resistant path happens to be. 
Would that suggest that these patterns would look quite different in different materials?  I'm surprised to find that the 'hit by lightning' scar on human skin that went by recently looks so similar to the geometry of this discharge.
The electricity will behave the same way in each material (follow path of least resistance), but each material will have a different path before it gets to ground. That's why the scar looks so similar to the cube. . of sidewalk that has been hit by lightning for another material with electricity violently flowing through it.
It's dielectric breakdown; where the resistance of an insulator is overpowered and becomes conductive. .Fun fact: It's believed the fractal pattern extends all the way down to the molecular level.
Ah hah! Exactly the sort of answer I was looking for, thank you.
And once again the tesseract is ours!
that joke most likely went over a lot of heads
I think a lot of people don't even know that a . is not the same thing as the Tesseract from Marvel's The Avengers (I still don't understand why they called it that in the movie, it's a cube)
Maybe the idea is that it is accessing another dimension to produce it's unique energy?
And speaking of ways, by the way, there is such a thing as a tesseract. 
After doing some quick research, they apparently changed the name for the movie to the Tesseract (originally it was called the .). I think (although purely speculation) they called it the Tesseract because it can interact and change space and time, since a tesseract is a 4-dimensional object, allowing them to justify opening up a wormhole portal in the movies. As for how its powered, it seems like there is just some unknown substance inside that lets it do all sorts of weird shit..The interesting thing I learned from the Wikipedia page is apparently in the comics, there were several Cosmic Cubes and they could eventually become sentient beings after some time. I would say this is weird, but then again it is the Marvel Universe
Tesseract? I thought we finally had a square plasma toy.
I want to believe.
Hmm. Tough to tell. I'll have to study this a while longer...
Inverted titties
Can Confrim that that is indeed, boobs.
I have the strangest headache right now.
The picture actually hurt my eyes.
My brain.....
OP's a dickhead
Your name.... i like that shit.
Instructions unclear: dick stuck in space-time anomaly
Can confirm, are boobs.  Source: have boobs, pixels, etc
dey's boobs
I am very sure if boobs.
wtf
My brain.....
Dat UV mapping. 
boobs.
"Stacy, not at dinner, godamnit. Now take that off"
And we're not supposed to stare.........wtf.
boobcraft. 
ow ow ow ow
M.C. Escher would be proud
I think I'm going to have to feel to make sure.
Looks like you can rest your drink on them.
Obviously the textures didn't load properly.
I'm getting six possible bogeys on-screen.  I'm pretty sure my radar is being jammed.

I'm counting four.
aaaaaand not sure if adam's apple.
Boobs are never Ever cliche.
shit guys..... if this gets out, were fucked
Where can I buy one of these?!
Ahh, gestalt psychology. 
Hell, Lumberg fucked her...
I think we need a profile shot.  For science...
[deleted]
If someone made a moving gif of this it could be mind blowing.
You can see the shirt curve on the left side.
Don't do this to use men. Please God, don't do this.
Only one way to find out!
Them some rectangular boobies.
The only thing to do is to check manually.  Hands-on is the way to go in this situation.
Cant tell if its the shirt causing this, but they look like they're really far down on her torso.
6 bewbs. She's double the Total Recall hooker!!
I'm getting a headache from this.
This is more deceptive than a push-up bra..It's making my head hurt.
Looks like a boob sixpack
Or anti-boob
Put boobs in title, get karma.
Not sure if upvote.
It works on cars, why not camouflage boobs.
How to get people to stop staring at your boobs- wear eye catching design directly over boobs. 
I need this top. D:
looks so square.
any link to where i can find a shirt like this?
Pure genius! No more uncomfortable push ups.  Optical illusions for the win
It's like one of those 3-d picture things. If you stare at it long enough, a picture of a spaceship appears. Trust me. 

you dumb bastard
Or, in this case, a... Motorboat.
I have never seen a 3D image appear in one of those. I to this day believe that it's just a lie to get me to look foolish by starting at a newspaper for 5 minuets before giving up and wondering what I'm doing with my life.
You're probably doing it wrong. Google magiceye
They give me headaches. I assume it has something to do with my horrible depth perception or other ophthalmic issues.
Saying "how original" to an overused phrase... How original...
However, saying "how original", to a guy saying "how original", to an overused phrase... Brilliant!

Did anyone else notice that the design is totally off center and it makes it look like the maybe-boobs are way off center too, and the hypothetical right one is far larger?
I'm annoyed at how many times this redditor . gets away with posting the word "deleted" and nobody ever says anything about it.
Seriously? This is on the front page already, and you reposted what . posted 3 hours before you... karma whore
It's not on the front page. It's on your "front page". What we call the front page only has the default subreddits (it's what logged out people see).
my dick has never been this confused 
Me too, but then she's my sister so...

I am not sure how I feel about this subreddit....So thanks?
I don't know what i expected...
Seriously just going to repost within 3 hours of the original. Not even an x-post tag? Pathetic.
Thought I'd seen this somewhere else very recently but couldn't find where, thanks.
I honestly didn't know. There was nothing on karmadecay and I'm not subscribed to . 
I was just scrollin . and had a . slight aneurism. Seeing this post <10 post from the original.
What kind of person does that?
people who take the time to comment on reposts rather than just downvoting and moving on
No more tears.

How am I not supposed to stare?
"Stop staring at my breasts! Creep!"."to be honest I'm not sure if I am or not..."
Doesn't matter, she's probably going to be annoyed either way...
Checker out.
Checker? I 'ardly know 'er!
Dat Chess...
[deleted]
Dat joke.jpg
Iwant to downvote the mod note.
It was removed, what was the note?  NSFW?.EDIT: NVM, it became visible once I turned subreddit styles back on...
It's still there for me.
To be fair, that isn't the most original title.
Those mod notes are the douchiest things I've ever seen.
They really are..When they are generic tags like "false" or "cliche", they generally aren't very accurate, and the rest of them are completely cringey attempts at being funny..I mean, I don't understand how you can moderate a subreddit where you monitor day in and day out what makes it to the front page and what style of humor works, and then just say "fuck it" and write random gibberish and think it's hilarious.
is what it reads now.
I want to downvote like 99% of the mod notes I ever see, especially in the larger subs.  
yes the anal mod strikes again!  May be bit cliched, but this is a proper application of that phrasing. 
It's hard to read that as anything other than anal modification. Made me wonder if we were looking at the same picture.
but who cares if it's the proper application?.if all posts have one of a few titles, it's just stupid
Not sure if serious...
But it's up to user to decide with upvotes/downvotes, not the mod with his title notes.
You rhymed...
does the mod note somehow affect upvotes/downvotes or its placement on the page?.no
Why should the mods point out that they care about such things when the general userbase does not? It's glorified bitching.
I would argue that It can affect the number of people upvoting/downvoting the submission.
oh no! OPs poor poor karma score might go down.  We can't have that!
No one gives a shit about karma. STFU. It's about whether the content rises or falls to get to more viewers. A shitty tag will lead to fewer views when the content itself may be entertaining/desired. You're both an asshole and a moron. And yes, this is probably what people think of you in real life. 
Majestic as fuck.
Is that Dr. Who or something?
A lesser known show that he starred in was New Amsterdam. It's really good, pretty original, and on Hulu if you want to watch it
He really is very handsome 
I thought it was decided that people would state who it is in the title?
i guess I feel bad because I don't know who that is.
He's. So. Attractive. Too bad he's into his sister...into....
Sooo Jealous!! Love him!!!! 
Jew-baum? Is that you? Seriously. You look like my old co-worker from GameStop who works at nVidia now.
oh yeah, great picture. it really is extraordinary beautiful. /s.could we please make a /r/heyimetacelebandwannasharemypicture
I thought OP found himself a man, was gonna say good job until I realized who it was. I have brought shameless accusations to the King Slayer. :(
Oh. Another GOT post. Neat. 
Aww, he looks genuinely happy to be there too. A lot of these pictures you can tell the smile is forced, not here! :)
I totally met him twice.. In Denmark... Where I'm from... So proud 
I miss New Amsterdam...
MSG Gordon from Black Hawk Down.
I probably would have punched him and ran. I still have lots of feels.
Wow Nikolaj, he sure is handsome. Why are you such a big fan though? I don't know him.
who is the star and who is the pauper
Its Jamie Lanister, you are all fools....
Got Damn he is hot!
Gahhhh, just saw him a few days ago in Nattevagten. So young! Also. Hodejegerne, rawr!
I thought that was Kato Kaelin at first. The downvotes will tell me if I'm alone in this or not. 
was it awkward shaking his left hand?
My favorite part of that show is when Jamie Landmaster gets the maroonium flycon and gets his robot hand.
:O The jealousy... it burns.... 
Looked at this before I read the title. Didn't recognize the celebrity.  Assumed gay couple. 
Anyone else think he looks a bit high?
Oh look, its Aaron Eckhart!
You know what happened the last time someone fan-boyed over him right?
Isn't that the worst? The babbling I mean. I was standing alone with . in the middle of a field in . one time and I said the most retarded shit in the world.
Dude, you're smiling so hard MY face hurts.  
Wonder if Jaime's giving him the hoverhand back there. Probably doesn't wanna rub his bloody nub on him.
Who is this guy?
Did you get his sister's phone number?
 Kingslayer. 
I drove past him with the windows open, he was at a crossing light in belfast and I loudly shouted "is that!? theres... that's GAME OF THRONNNNNES"
was so hungover I couldnt even string a thought together never mind a sentence.
Am I the only one that thinks he looks like Denis Leary's handsome brother?  The first time he took his helmet off in s1 of GoT, I was like, "WTF is Denis Leary doing here?"
He is so handsome it hurts me. 
I ennoyed his work in Headhunters too! Glad someone else liked it, especially given Netflix pushing it on everyone.
Should've made him act like he was stabbing u in the back!
Is it just me, or is his head large for his body?
Nonsensical is exactly the word I would use to describe that face you're pulling
Without his dirty beard and clothes I hardly recognized him. 
Jealous you got to meet Dieter Prohl.
That's nice.  Who the fuck is it?
You're on the right, I assume, and you met Matt LeBlanc from friends, after the heroine withdrawal? 
A Lannister always repays his debts.
I took a pee in the urinal next to Laurence Fishburne at a show on Broadway and barely even made eye contact. When you're in* NYC it is only polite to not acknowledge celebrities.
Did you tell him he should play Joel?
How were you able to shake his hand?
actually, i made it a point to do so. I think he made it a point to make sure that hand shake was nice and firm, to remove all doubt.. 
Dobby is free!
You look a lot like Jaime Lannister! Who's the ugly dude you met? I've never seen him before.
I thought that at first.
They are both pretty much identical except for the chin.
[deleted]

That's one handsome dane right there. Like me. 
But there are no tree's on the Brooklyn boardwalk......
Umm... one side of the Brooklyn boardwalk is lined with trees. . 
To be fair that is called the promenade, not the boardwalk. 
That's the promenade, not the Boardwalk. This is the boardwalk
It's that guy from Amsterdam!
KINGSLAYER!
It's rarely hard to determine which person is the famous one. In most cases (including this one) they're much better looking.
Oh, ouch.
The person on the left is presumably jasonmac42..The person on the right is actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, best-known for the role of Jaime Lannister on the TV series "Game of Thrones.".#RedditorsForDescriptiveTitles
#whywouldyouusehashtagsonreddit
#hashtag = #douche
#notbecauseithink No, screw that..Not because I think it's literally usable for anything. Rather, I'm trying to convey a general sentiment that might apply to many different situations: namely, the fact that some redditors use deliberately-vague titles, and the fact that I think it's annoying. Hashtags are used for that purpose on Twitter (and now on Facebook). .So when I use a hashtag here, I'm just nodding to the fact that this post's vague title isn't an isolated problem.
haha "hand"some. i see what you did there
Kingthlayer
thank you for this.
Thaphireth
Send him my regards.
For those of you like me who had no idea who this was, it's 
Where does the fanboy-dom come in?
All I could manage to say was duuuuude I fucking love that show
Sorry I meant more along the lines of what show? Ive seen mama before, just not sure which show hes in thats popular(I dont watch much TV)
Huh.  I seriously thought it was the skinny guy from Road Trip.
How is GoT not in his 'known for' section?!
I like him first in New Amsterdam.
Yes, loved that one. At least that one season ended at a point were I didn't feel completely hanging when it didn't come back.
Never heard that name before.
Never will again.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau
Game of Thrones. A lot of people wish that he was their brother.
I don't think may people got that joke....but well played I enjoyed the subtlety 
Ahhhhh! I know that show, yep, I have definitely heard of it before!
So they could fuck him...?
Nowadays you can't go around Reddit without hearing about the show.
...who is that?
That's 
I wish we had a rule saying if you post a picture of someone famous you have to give the name of that person.
Be nice if they said in the fucking title, right?
The guy from Mama!  DUH
Not sure but I am curious as to why he's wearing a backpack.  On the other hand, OP is a stud.  
Ahh the ol reddi... Fuck you!
The ol' reddit fuckaroo!
I think you mean...
I was carrying around a small crippled boy on my back 
Hodor
Hodor hodor?
What is this Hodor comment I see in every single thread? Question coming from somebody who has never read/seen yall's precious Game Of Thrones.
He's a character who's just kind of ridiculous. He's sort of fat and silly-looking and he can only say his own name... which is Hodor. I don't watch it either but both of my brothers do and they love him. Considering starting up just to see him
Giant character that carries around another character (Stark kid that is paralyzed) and he only ever says Hodor.  He's sweet..Edited to reflect Hodor isn't his name.
Which is not his name. No one knows why he says hodor, which might be part of why this character is so loved..If he was just saying his name, he'd just be a pokemon. But instead, he says only 1 word, which is probably nonsensical. Or is it ?
Hodor is not his name.
Well, like I said, I don't watch the series. I apologize for giving misinformation.
Because people like to beat jokes into the ground
His name is walder but all he can say is hodor so that's what they call him
I haven't read the books, but they call him Hodor.  if that's not his name, what is his name?
Walder
Thanks, I had no idea.
Can't blame you. It's not mentionned at all in the tv series, and in the 3000 or so pages of the books, it's mentionned exactly once, in passing :/

haha! Picturing that in my head put a lol roll in my step...
It's Schmorgen Hekengard!!!
i came to the comments just to write this
I cannot describe how much I appreciate this comment. xD Oh, Gavin.
As in Roosterteeth Gavin?
Yes.
Wait,  I'm not getting the reference here. Is it from the spoiler cast maybe? I don't watch that.
It's from a relatively recent episode of the podcast. Gavin was talking about the actor, and how we was actually Swedish (or something to that effect, can't recall for certain) yet could pull off an incredible accent like he does in the show. He couldn't recall the name, so before they went on imdb, he gave his best guess.
Thanks!
No, Slowmo Guys Gavin.
Jamie Lannister of Casterly Rock
For a second I thought it was Sawyer
Kingslayer...
First of his name
Don't mean to be that guy but its Jaime.
[deleted]
You didn't just, really?
And the Sir.
Don't mean to be that guy but it's Ser.
Don't mean to be that guy but it's Ser Jaime Lannister of the Kingsguard
Don't mean to be that guy but it's Ser Jaime Lannister, 
Talk about spoilers!
apologies, edited.
or Kingslayer. 
Don't mean to be that guy but it's 
Don't mean to be that guy but this stops here.
Dont forget the Kingslayer! Call him what he is!
HELP HELP! THE KINGSLAYER!!
His name is Jamie.
Jaime


So.. looks are based on hair alone??
I nose no difference.
no, but it goes a long long way..Plus the jaw wasn't flipped 
Yeah it's actually the jawline that makes people look good in a picture. . by a photographer about that.
Left one looks like Hugh Jackman
Huge Ackman

Did you shake his haa.....Give him a High Fii....
That would be fun to do. Just walk up to him like you're going to give him a high five, then drop your hand and say "Sorry..." and just keep walking...
is he missing a hand? I have no idea who this person is
He's a famous surgeon who lost his arm and is now forced to perform all his operations single handedly... yaaa.. thats it.
yes, yes, and I cure monkey blindness, yeah, that's  it. that's the ticket!

He plays Jaimie Lannister in Game of Thrones, .edit: spoilerified
ty
You know there are spoiler tags. I'm sure others would appreciate your use of them.
I see complaints like this peppered all over reddit.  I suddenly wonder if it's ever been posted by a person for which it actually . a spoiler, or if it's only by self righteous people who already knew.
stop being a little bitch about spoilers...I mean for christ sakes that episode aired like 6 months ago, and I wouldn't say Jamie Lannister getting his hand cut off is a big spoiler...if a spoiler at all
For people who have to wait for the boxed sets, it does matter
That episode aired about 2 or 3 months ago, considering the season didn't start until march. 
Nobody has to wait. Torrents are plenty available
But morals, and things...
I'm not sure if I can answer this without spoilers...
no worries. never saw GoT, and to be honest, don't have the time to invest
Edit: So used to being on . and having spoilers highlighted. That isn't a link, hover over for what it says :)
ty
Are you one of those people who say "I never watch tv". I've known those people to watch the most tv. This show is also online in multiple places. .What makes you so busy you don't have time to watch any shows at all?
between three daughters who want to watch My Little Pony, and DDO and XBox, the little time I have left I sleep. 
oh, and I watch the hell out of tv
I never watch tv. I would rather play video games if I'm going to do something like that. Mostly I go to school and work and paint and hang with my kid. 
always on reddit?
cause reddit takes up so much time?
exactly!
Beuatiful Pics indeed.  Congrats to 10 years indeed.  Statics indicate that society finds it easier to just walk away and divorce when the going gets tough.  My husband and I married 26 years this August and like all marriages....ups and downs but with work and comprimise and coomunication it only gets better and better.  I too applaud you for making it work!
just checking in.  yep, we're still facebook for losers.
The Bridesmaid in the middle. Yes please.
That's my little sister. She's thirteen in this picture. 
Well 10 years ago I was 14, so all's fair there.
As someone who didn't make it 10 years, I applaud the both of you for making it thru the hard times and making it last. Here's to 10 more.
You should post this to

will do!.. thanks!
How much were mustache rides back then?
donno.
I'm no Dr., but even I can tell that that's not normal. 

Fuck all dem haters
Ah, child labor!
Good on yer mate for getting the little ones involved!
Hell yeah.  That is what my childhood looked like.
Start them young! Shit I wish they started me Young, Wouldn't be a fat bastard today
Cute pic!  You should let your neighbor know that a yard of loam is way over the 1200lb payload of a Tacoma though.  Loam is about 2000lbs per yard depending on how wet it is.
These houses look very beautiful. What city is this?
Calgary, AB!
You know I looked at this and thought McKenzie Towne?  Then gave my head a shake because it could literally be anywhere.  That's it, I got nothing else.
Silverado actually :)
You neighbor looks oddly similar to success kid.
I know, right?
So awesome! My little brothers and cousins are generally like this, love to pitch in and they can actually be super helpful sometimes.
I always choose child labor when I can, cheap and effective is what I always say!
cheap labor--the real reason for having kids.
Heck man, less than a century ago that was like, a given.
Child labor at it's finest.

Their little hands are great for cleaning wheels too.
This is Calgary isn't it? 
Yep! How did you know?
I live in Calgary. New homes all have the same flavour.
That's true
Child labour is a serious thing..
The heart of every parent on reddit immediately skipped a beat seeing that kid leaning over the edge like that.
That model must've had to hold that pose for hours.
Why is the artist on the wrong side?
My guess is that it's staged publicity photo by the film studio for 
That the savage race, or the tough mudder, or one I haven't heard of?
Its called the Warrior Dash. Its very similar to the ones you mentioned.
Awesome! grats!
Thanks!
Epiphytes not lichen. (sp)
Just don't let him see it. Blind him with vinaigrette.
Wait, it was mailed back a year later?
What does the note say?
No kidding. OP?? I feel like after something like that the letter deserves credit too!
Nothing missing, but they smashed up your ipod. Fuckers.
[deleted]
He's saving it for MORE KARMA.
Go Raiders.
OOHHHH!! THATS CHEATING!!! show the note.
EDIT: he did show the note. 
BUT WE WANT A BETTER PICTURE!
I want to be able to read it!
"Stranger"
If this is "the same exact condition", why were you carrying around a completely fucked up iPhone a year ago?
Because not everyone can afford to replace an iPhone or a broken screen. 
Kinda of mean of him to give you a raiders hat
Being a Raiders fan, I really appreciated this comment.
Where was it for a year?
Send this to V8. you can get some sort of reinbursement, at the very least they'll send you another bottle of that thing..
that looks a bit like money... umm, yup.. a source just confirmed.. money
Looks like a fungus mat.  Seal on bottle must have been faulty.  Return to point of purchase....
Vegetables dude.  It says so right on the label.
"do not refrigerate"
You imperial bastards....
Clearly your manager wants to get you in bed.
Good.
Spotted outside the French Embassy in London.
My whole album, if anyone's interested: 
shading is excellent! what medium is that?
Dude...these aren't . great....Holy shit!
Damn! Keep it up. 
!!! 
I read you can buy 5 for face value at Canberra mint so we went there whilst on holiday in Canberra last week. I'd already got 2 in change in Sydney but friends hadn't so I asked to buy a bag of 5. So.....ok, technically you can purchase a bag of 5 for $10 but what they don't tell you is that you can't take them with you, they have to post them out to you and postage costs $8 and no you can't buy multiples and combine  postage. I still bought a bag but I was outraged internally. They are cute though. I could have bought a single one in a display folder for $12 on the spot.
Colour on a coin... big deal. Had it for years here. Actually, the US military brass thought it was a way we were spying on them. Lol
This is a valuable coin.  Hang onto it..I read somewhere that its value is at least twice that of the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Commemorative $1 coin.
They are circulating 2 million of them, 23 million people in Australia. Yeah, they are going to vanish from general circulation fast I expect. I barly saw any of the poppy ones a year or two ago too.
This was my post about it a couple of weeks ago. I'm slightly beating you so far, but I had C-3PO.
Trade you a 2 dollar bill for a nice one.
ruok?
Oh, where are you? 
It looks like a Royal poker chip...
I wish the U.S. would come out with some cool/rare coins.
And if the link doesn't work, search "us mint" there are tons of coins made each year, heck almost all our coins have had "short runs" where have you been? State quarters?  Seen one of those? Check your pocket..TL;DR
It does.
The state quarters are neither rare nor cool. I'm talking something not silver, bronze or gold. I want a red white and blue circulated coin, damn it!

Acid
 would love this.

There might be a tad too much powder in there.
The Galaxy is in O'ryan's coolaid...
Don't drink it!
 
And it all things comes full circle.
That being said, OP's picture looks nothing like a galaxy.
That's nothing, I found a nebula in my Jello.
Meh...
Never let a good moment get in the way of a good picture
Which of these did you use?
The list of "Fuck I must go there" places is growing, and you aren't helping by adding to it.
That's awesome. 
I need to try those bamboo boats.
What if it is a fossilized dino rib?
China seems to have all kinds of weird landscapes and formations.
That's the .; it's a . carved through limestone karst by the Buliu River. The Fairy Bridge was virtually unknown outside of China until recently, when a . member ...The photographer is Gunter Welz, and the GoogleMaps coordinate are ., if anyone is interested.
its just like solitude. 
Obviously Minecraft not Earth
Just don't scratch the inside of the pot.

It's normally the audience that cries when a viola player performs...(sorry couldn't help viola joke)
I don't know if people know this, but a viola is an instrument, slightly larger than a violin with a deeper sound, but virtually indistinguishable in a picture like this. I play the viola, and we are the least recognized section in an orchestra.

...photographer?
Violist?
violinist.
Shit. Yes, violinist.
Almost ruined my day by misspelling that word, these things are important you know. Now I can get back to ironing socks...
I watched his music video and it looks like the same hair, and he might even have the same shirt on..Check the video and tell me what you think.
"...and maybe over here we paint a happy little supernova. There we go. Perhaps we give him a friend to play with, so he's not alone." 
Your sister went to Paris and while she was in a foreign country went to Disney theme park?
well the french wont go
Disney, in cahoots with the United States and French governments came up with a plan to install a nuclear missile on the grounds of The Disneyland park in Europe. The missile as we all can see was disguised as a castle. It's on its way to Syria as we type. In fact all the attractions at Disney theme parks are some sort of missile.
Um... yeah.
I didn't doubt it existed, my point was if I were to go to France I wouldn't waste my time in an American theme park.
I did this when I visited Japan. It was fantastic.
Is the theme park any different in Japan than the theme parks in the United States?
Yes, it's in Japanese. And they have disco dancers with afros. Pretty crazy; it's like they were 20 years behind the US.
The ending of Hunchback of Notre Dame is all I can think about....
Goofy finally snapped. He burned it to the ground didn't he.

If you look closely you can see a princess screaming for help from the top of the tower.
Fortunately prince Charming is rushing up to save her.
Things have never been the same since the fire nation attacked.
Wow!! What is your occupation, if I may ask?
Picking up trash?
Dude that's awesome... Best pic I have seen this month
I got these stickers at the Singapore Toys, Games and Comics Convention 2011 and 2012, and would love to find out who designed them! (Not sure if this is the appropriate subreddit, please tell me if it's better to post somewhere else.).From left -.1: Tako sashimi sticker. This was from an exhibitor at STGCC 2011, who was also selling a figurine/collectible of the same concept, which came with little chopped off tentacles, as well as other weird sashimi-themed products in the same series..2: Trapezoid ice cream + trapezoid penguin, xylophone blob, drum alien. All these from the same designer IIRC, exhibited at STGCC 2012..3: Tomatohead dude + cat (bottom right) IIRC, these were from an Indonesian artist who exhibited at STGCC 2012..Other things in this photo that DON'T need identification: I <3 Zombies (Red Dead Redemption), frowny face sticker, fox pin in foreground..Thanks, everyone, in advance!
What an awesome pic!!
You look like a choir
Wow, that picture is almost Rockwellian..I wish one of the groomsmen had a giant shit-eating grin on his face.
I'm surprised more people haven't said this but damn the bride is gorgeous! ....and glad to know that Grandma is alright as well
or maybe theyre all singing
Brazzers.
well... it's a repost like vixen_ixy said but I like the small grim of the dude on the left. he's like 'you had it coming grandma ... it's about time'
Looks like something from the Coon Cheese commercial.
Something like this happened as everyone was getting ready to go to my buddy's wedding. His grandmother came out of the house ready to go to the church and his 1 year old rottweiler jumps up on her to lick her face and covers her smart pants suit with the mud he had on his paws from playing out in the fields. 
Just sit me next to the guy on the left.
Guy on the left must be the eldest. His smirk just screams "Inheritance!"  .Just kidding OP, funny pic.
Invisible dicks
Is it just me, or does the groom look a bit like . from rooster teeth?
Am I the only one that thinks the guy to the right of the bride looks like Bruce Campbell?
Certainly one of the best wedding pictures i've ever seen.
Second from the right reminds me of Ross Geller
Does anyone else notice that everyone is covered in lint?
QUICK! someone face swap the bride with everyone..I would do it, but I'm on the shitter at work. 
Someone put that Brazzers logo on there, then you got a photo.
I call this when people repost for karma.
Nice! You can actually tell the degree of involvement with granny by the degree of grimacing.
was she ok? 
The guy second from the right looks a bit like Adam Sandler...
That guy on the left is definitely laughing on the inside...
The guy on the bride's left is so much hotter! Why didn't she pick him?.The groom is cuter though. 
Classic Grandma.

Why isn't the second guy from the left wearing a bow tie like the rest of the groomsmen?
OP is on the far right.
I like these kind of photos, you can see the honest reaction of people. Some faces are saying "oh, poor thing", others "that must hurt", others "that's funny"
Why?
The placement of quotations can really change a situation. For example: When grandma "fell"
Why they have so sheeple reactions? Pretty stupid.
I have a pic like this. You can tell which one is me because I just have a massive smile on my face. 
Great photo, glad your grandma was okay!
At first, I thought that this was a group of people singing at a wedding or something.
All the males: OH NO! GRANDMA! I HOPE YOU'RE OKAY!.Bride: BWAAHAHAHAHA. ONE STEP CLOSER TO BECOMING THE MATRIARCH. 
Is that Mcpoyle on the far right?
On careful analysis of this photo I have concluded that there were in fact TWO grandmothers that fell, based on the directions that the three gentlemen on the right are looking. 
Apparently they are looking at different directions
fish people
I can't be the first to notice the Adam Sandler/Ross from Friends EXACT LOOK ALIKE second from the right.
my grandma fell lifting a gallon of milk into her car - she spent two months in the hospital  with a broken hip and is still rehabing 6 months later.  She said she would have rather just died :(
The one all the way to the left looks like he's laughing and the one all the way to the right appears to be turned on. 
Well, is grandma okay?
That's what you call it in public, but you still know it's really, "when Charlie whipped his todger out".
Is that Bill Compton?
And youre just gonna stand there and look pretty?

Somehow it doesn't look like . 'you' really like granny.   
Lol the groom somewhat has a smirk on that "oh shit" face. But the reaction is priceless. Looks like a beautiful wedding. I've been a redditor for about half a year and this picture made me laugh more than any other post!
The bloke on the left is really trying to control the giggle that's threatening to pop out!
The guy on the left looks happy about the entire thing.
Remind me of my picture capturing someone's camera falling 
blowjob faces.. everwhere.
It looks like you're all singing in a choir.
When I first saw this I spent a minute guessing whose grandma. I think I got it.
You guys look like a singing choir!
I call it "The Choir"
Are all of the vowel sounds represented here?  I'm trying to put sounds to their mouths.
What was this taken on? It's neat
Louie CK has a great bit on this subject... 
Looks like some midwestern church septet doing an a-capella version of Morbid Angel's Sworn to the Black.
Now i want to see the other side of this!
Yes. This is just the top post I needed tonight. Thank you BeatleBurt
opra singers
Shaka, when the walls fell
Heheh, idk who looks like the better pole smoker the bride or the groom
Funny, I call it staged.
Shaka,when the walls fell.
The bride (or whatever is going on here) looks like Alfalfa. 
This should be a Wasjig

Whoa, the guy on the far left looks a lot like Chris Evans to me.
Each of those reaction faces is perfect in its own little way.
I'll take that as a compliment. The photos 10 years old and I've packed on a few pounds though!
god damn she looks gorgeous
This could easily be a frame from an 90's movie. You've all got the look! (and filter)
What the hell is wrong with you all?  Go help her!
She'll be right

"Shaka, when the walls fell."
"Temba, his arms wide!"
Anyone else think the groom looks like Steve Buscemi?
CTRL + F, Buscemi, yeah I knew i wasn't the only one.
He looks more like Martin Clunes to me.
... to HELL! \m/ \m/
The bride is about to smile.
"Can I laugh. This is funny, right? Oh... We're going with shock..."
it's ok everyone she comes back like gandalf in the end.
This is hilarious, thanks for sharing.
I like girls with big ears. (I don't know how you call them in English), but I find sexy when girls have such ears as the bride :)
She reminds me of Deb from "Dexter."
Guy on the far left - 4chan

Captain America looks like he laffin
"SAMPSON, ITS SHEILA! MAMA FELL!!!!"
I think the guy on the left got a beaver shot.
O face
Who else made all their "ooh" sounds in your head?
Far left, basically a deformed Bradley Cooper
Kenny Stevenson
Everyone has the surprised look except the guy on the left. Who is like "heh it is funny when people fall"
Easiest way to figure out which one of your friends are actually dicks pretending to be nice guys.
Don't everybody go help her all at once. 
Go back and look at the picture but instead imagine these are their reactions to someone whipping out their penis next to the camera.
And then grandma fell on it.
Thought you were singing.
There's a douchebag on the left
I love that the guy on the left is kind of smiling. There's always that guy. Dont be that guy.Nobody wants to be that guy.
Can't wait to see this become the trend so that Reddit can bask in the warmth of Grandpa's "Oops, I crapped my pants." photos.
Macaulay Culkins wedding to Alfalfa
The guy on the left is like a blend of chris evans channing tatum and a hint of john krasinski. It's like the trifecta of just almost A list actors but not quite
The furthest guy on the right looks like he see's someone else...
The guy on the left is about to crack up.
her ears are adorable :) .reminds me of Liv Tyler in LotR!
I liked how in front of the camera absolutly 0 people moved to help.
That is literally what happened last christmas when my grandmother was leaving.  She slipped while putting on a shoe, and my dad is getting old himself, he wasn't able to catch her.  She hit the back of her head on the wall and it made a nasty sound.  That's when we made the faces you guys did.  I wanted to laugh.... is that bad?
When Grandma Fell....at our wedding in 1996 from the looks of it.
Why is it that when someone falls or anything "surprising" for that matter, that we make the "O" mouth (as featured in the photo)?  What is it about the brain and the muscles that cause us to form that expression? Why is it a "O" and not something like a "U" shaped mouth... is this learned? is it innate?
Mmmmm, ok, whelp, you win!
At first I was like "Where is grandma?" but then I was like "OH!"
The leftest dude looks like he's about to start cracking up. It's dickish but not gonna lie, that'd be me too. Its funny when people fall but its even funnier when overweight or elderly people fall. 
Second dude on the left looks like this 
RIP OP's grandma
The photography nerd in me wants to know if this is a Polaroid? 
Some good OOO faces in there.
You all look like a freeze frame from an American Pie sequel.
Half of you guys look like celebrities.
"I'm going to show her my O-face."
Can anyone make some speech bubbles with what everyone is thinking, acording to their facial expression.
Don't everyone rush over to help at once.
The guy on the right looks more amused than concerned. 
he's probably scheming to eat the wedding cake while everybody else's distracted
OH
Needs more Grandma charm.Oh
The guy smirking on the right really makes this picture. 
This would be a great gift for your grandma's 100th birthday.
Dude on left trying not to laugh. That would be me.
This looks like the cast of a TV show
Damn brits! Have a reaction! 
I was gonna say this shit looks British as hell.
Haha the guy on the left - "I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO WITH THESE HANDS."
Lol the guy on the far left is all like AAAYYYY I'm the fonz no matter what be cool
Guy on the left is clearly a dickhead!
Guy on the left looks like hes saying "Dat ass"...
I'm going to predict someone will photoshop all of their faces with the Groom's O-face which will then be followed by someone turning them all into Nicholas Cages. 
There is no 'h' in Nicolas Cage..Source: . | 
The guy on the left, and the second from the right both look like they'd be smiling/laughing if no one was watching them. 
We should call this, "Repost".
From left to right:."Ah dude, old broad just busted it."."I hope she didn't damage the bouquet."."Grammy!!!"."I hope she's okay, so she doesn't steal all my attention."."Her breasts fell out, gross."."Ah Grammy, you fell .?"."Whoa, Grammy's got some nice tits."
This is far too accurate 

OMG, that is awesome!
All I see are ears.
The first thing I noticed.
Yeah,it really ties the picture together
the groom's face is the best part.
The bride and groom have the same exact nose.
Ya, I think it must have been the groom's grandmother judging by their faces.
He's the only one who looks genuinely concerned.  Good choice, op.
!
Nope.  The bride's.  He still hasn't been accepted into the family and is acting super over worried.

Unless it was staged....
Wedding pictures normally are.

ok let's do this. here's the first one 
creepy as all hell
Should have shooped them. I haven't seen a good shooping in at least a couple years, and this picture is totally begging for it.
This is the shopped picture...
. not shopped.

Now do me. 
I want dinner first.




Nothing like some good GGW softcore to get your percolator poppin'.
So... this was posted 
I like the groomsmen next the bride on her left, he looks less shocked and more like a hero from a 1980's action flick delivering a witty quip on meeting the bad guy.
The guy on the far left is also straight out of the 80's, and could easily be his wise-cracking sidekick.
"the older they are, the harder they candy"
I have no clue what you're referring to yet I can't stop laughing

Original post

I can't tell if this is genuine or if its staged. Either way, I like it. 
this is reddit, surely you don't believe this is real?
staged. aside from people looking in different directions, you can tell they're all following specific instructions for a staged photo "everyone look surprised with your mouth agape." at least a few of them would have their hands going up to their mouths as soon as they start to have any reaction, as you often see when something like this happens. Also, a lot of wedding photographers stage things like this because it makes things more fun. or something.edit: kind fucked up that op is rolling with the story in the comments section. title is acceptable but he's walking a fine line perpetuating the lie like this....edit2: geeze louise reddit +0 -7... well I'm sticking to my guns. there's a good chance this is staged, sorry... :(
Wedding photographer here. We do stage fun things . that but I can't imagine staging a "look-shocked-because-an-old-lady-fell-over" photo. What would be the point? :/.I mean, apart from reddit karma...
Yeah, one of the classic wedding photos. The kiss, the beach shot, and of course the let's all look away from the camera with surprised looks on our faces.
And yet this guy on the second-top thread gets to say exactly as you did and gets voted up. Sorry you got downvoted.
ya it's kind of odd. turns out he was lying about it being his pic, so me calling him out for going along with the story in the comments is a legit criticism- that being the only part I could think of would be a reason for downvotes..I dont know. I guess I should have said it in a top comment or waited longer. i was just ahead my time, i suppose :P
I'm going with staged, since the people on the left are looking off to the left, and the people on the right are looking off to the right. Unless two grannies fell at the same time, it doesn't make sense.
I just wish one of them had a big grin instead..
I think they're all just singing. And they're... really focused. On the singing.
Singing is hard

Exactly! This gif is always relevant.
It's the xkcd of gifs.
I've seen the gif, but what are they reacting to?
It saddens me that I looked at this picture long enough to realize that everyone on the right of the picture is looking to the right, and everyone on the left is looking left. Maybe two grandmas fell.
If it helps: she fell from left to right and the picture was taken with a rolling shutter camera. Now you can be happy again.
Guy on the far right sees the buffet table is being set up. Just to his right a guy sees a bridesmaid take her sixth tequila shot and knows he's going in. Next guy in sees the same girl, but it's his niece. Others saw grandma fall.
A shutter that rolls horizontally?
psssst... don't break his heart.
Some were looking at her exposed undergarments while the others were looking at her head cause maybe it seemed to them like she hit her head pretty hard..For this to work, the lady would have to be really tall or really close.
15-20 seconds, you mean?
A Caucasian wedding without at least two grandmothers falling is considered a dull affair.
I believe that's just how it looks because of how they are lined up. The people on the left, our right, are turned inward, so their eyes appear to be looking to the side. They are looking slightly to the right, because they are slightly turned in the other direction. It looks like the grandma fell close to behind the camera man though. .Or its staged, but it looks like they're looking the same way to me. 
I believe this is correct. Their eyes are all going to the same place but their heads are turned differently because of the body tilt.
No look at the man on the far right and anyone on the left side. Obvious they are looking completely different directions Unless that dude is distracted by something else.
Maybe he has a glass eye
Someone clever shall come along and explain this I hope because my brain it's working right now.
A couple of hypotheses re that: 
Sometimes when we see something bad about to happen, part of us wants to look away (to not see the ugliness of the event, and also because we've been taught not to stare at people, especially when they are in embarrassing situations) but, of course, the rest of our brain wants to see what's going to happen next, so we go back to wanting to look at the event. .In addition, when something bad is happening far away from us (such as grandma falling) we sometimes instinctively look at people who are nearer the event to see if they are able to and/or going to help, and we want them to, so looking at them (preparing to get their attention if necessary) is the only thing we can do to assist from our more distant location (we instinctively already know that we cannot move fast enough to prevent the occurrence from our location.).Because all of these responses occur in the split second between when the people first see the fall about to happen and its actual occurrence, we might see a group of onlookers such as this wedding party that appears to be looking in slightly different directions.
She was playing football and got tackled from both sides
Grandma fell off a skyscraper.
Grandma shattered like a glass vase
Grandvase
She actually fell very close and behind the photographer..So half of them were looking at her legs and the other half to her head..Oh, and she also dropped her drink/food so they got distracted by that.Source: I wasn't there.

Nice to meet you Mr Poirot.
We just need to enhance the image so we can see the reflections on their eyeballs..I'll call CSI Miami.
This is crazily accurate. Although she dropped her purse. She likes to carry these really heavy wicker purses - with a penny glued to the top flap. The sides of the purse are painted to supposedly resemble Omaha - which actually just looks like the South Park town now that I think of it. 
Wasn't Nicholas Cage in .? I'm seeing a connection here..
Your granny is Sophia Petrillo?!
Don't bring my Homaha into this, you smelly reposter.
Which was the style at the time.
This post was posted a year ago ...
There is no 'h' in Nicolas Cage..Source: . | 
You have humbled me.

Dude this is a repost, are you actually coming up with a backstory for this now?
Here you can see an example of the OP clinging desperately to the unlikeliest of explanations in the hope of saving his dignity.

The easiest way to spot a liar is when they start going on about inane details..So please, tell us . about these South Park looking, Omaha painted, penny-flapped wicker purses your grandma likes.
liar...Unless you're reposting again
His reposting what?
This submission is a repost
I was making fun of you for not knowing how to spell 'you're'.
Fuck, reddit corrupted me...I picked up the spelling mistake on reddit, T_T..The shame!!
Too bad you're a reposting faggot
I wish OP would address this..
Is he the original [deleted] poster reposting on his anniversary, or is he making shit up like a sociopath?
He's not. He has one submission which is the picture and then two comments. 
Who would make shit up on the Internet to strangers they don't know to recieve imaginary web points??
Hitler.
Anyone else think the purse was supposed to look like Obama?
I just thought of Omaha steaks.
Granny fell? 
Good ol grandma and her . purse.
Filled with hope of change?

God damnit! Seriously? I could've had the second highest comment. Get out of my head!
I knew someone would do this. I'm comforted by it. 
This was exactly my first thought when I saw the title of this post.
Shaka, when the grandma fell..(I know this isn't really an appropriate Tamarian phrase for this situationplease don't crucify me)

Me too! Just watched that episode like two days ago. 
I've always known that watching all the episodes of TNG and Voyager would pay off someday. Today is that day.
I never understood this language. For one, they have connecting words so there must be form of normal speeking but that would hurt the story. But the biggest problem is how does a species become technologically advanced with a language that is all metaphors? It's like Americans teaming with another nation to build a satellite and forgetting to convert measurements. But they would be using the exact language. I cannot see precision being attainable. 
Her hip shattered.
 for the lazy
 and . Then . ties it all together, and . is apparently a t-shirt somebody made about it.

So how do they tell their children what the conext is?
wow. this is some hardcore trekkie shit! 
It was a brilliant TNG episode
It was a good episode, but every time I watch it, I yell at the screen, "how do their children learn language?!" .I mean, they could just mimic the adults, I suppose, but like Dianna said, "If you had no idea who Juliet was, it would have no meaning to you." If they don't tell the story of Darmok and Jelad, it would have no meaning for their children. .I've tried to think of ways around this. Like, maybe they teach them visually, using an advanced version of how that captain taught Picard. It just doesn't seem like it would work for anything but the simplest of stories. .I know this is a nitpick, but of all the wild things in Star Trek, it's one of the hardest for me to suspend disbelief on. It also makes the universal translator seem too magical: I assumed that the translator worked with known databases, or did complex computations to figure out the meaning of languages, and then translated them, but in this situation, it manages to translate perfectly, without any way of knowing the meaning of the words. "Darmok . Gelad . Tenagra." "Sokath, .." "His"? Why not "hers"? If it has no idea who Sokath is, how does it figure the pronoun? .Anyways, it was a really enjoyable episode, and this nitpicking is silly. Of course it's fiction, and doesn't have to make sense. It's just that this makes so little sense to me that it's a little bothersome. 
Perhaps they learn't their stories in much the same way that their leader learn't Picard's story? And through the course of the evolution of their language, conjunctions and the like were lost..Gender roles in language is a perplexing thing that we see in many continental languages such as French. Why should an alien language be any different? :)
I too was quite bothered by this. For me it was a question of how could they possibly have technology. I could see teaching their language to children but they may as well be grunting and gesturing.
Well, "his" is just one example in that sentence. The prepositions are also magically obtained. Why "at" instead of "on" or "around"? Or "eyes" instead of "ears", or anything else really. I mean, you kind of just have to accept the universal translator for star trek, but it's more apparently magical with this language.
I suppose at the end of the day, it was probably mostly the Universal Translator's fault that got them in that mess in the first place (due to their language being so obtuse with no record of either any historic dates or events let alone abstract sentence structure).As a non-linguist though, I still found it delightfully refreshing!
According to the . article, they basically teach the children by acting out the stories, I guess like interpretive dance.
Oh yeah, like, how do they say "the test showed a 9.7 blah blah"?."Jordel, reading the results at Melar." .edit: from the memory alpha article that cdrt linked, the apocrypha section says that they have a musical language to use with math and engineering stuff.
What always confused me is how they have words at all. Like "his", "eyes" and "unfurled". Would they not also have been said with metaphors? And would those metaphors not have metaphors used to make those metaphors and so on, making a infinite retarded proverbial russian doll where there is no words, only endless layers of metaphors. 
Not really, it's a really memorable episode.

Couldn't find a TNG gif?
Why not go meta?
Nomad seems...happy.
Sokath, our eyes uncovered!
Temba, his arms wide.
Grandma, her arms wide
Grandad his fist closed
At the wedding, when grandma fell.
Grandma, her legs bowed. 
And her arms broken.......
God Damn It. 
SHUT IT DOWN.
If it's a legitimate reference then Reddit has ways of shutting it down.
Yea, someone off camera decided to push over an old lady just for a photo shoot 
This old lady was having some trouble at the ATM and asked if I could check her balance. So I pushed her over. 
If the photographer was a pro, they'll do anything to get a genuine reaction. Push over grandma? Pro move.

nah, it doesn't really look like a genuine reaction because it's only in the face - if an old lady falls over near someone their immediate reaction is almost always a facial expression like in OP's picture . jolting towards them /lifting your hands because you want to help
They tried to do it to get everyone to smile and laugh but things didn't go as planned
I was gonna say I am surprised that nobody was laughing! It's usually the knee jerk reaction.  Glad granny is a boss.
Gentleman on the left appears to be almost smiling
Oh totally this. I'd like to imagine i 'follow-suit' and still represent with an appropriate response.. but I would lose it. Full on pointing/LOL. "What? Didnt you  guys see it?.. .. ..You're still gunna marry me right?" 
How come when I click on the "view comments on Reddit" link on imgur I get to this 1 year old post: .;) must be a glitch in the Redditrix, couldn't be a repost?
I was wondering why my link was already purple when I got on Reddit. Bloody reposters using someone else's injured grandma for Karma!

Happened to me too...and OP deleted their account so we can't verify that OP is not OP.
You went a whole year without wiping your cache or history?
Incognito is a useful tool.
The imgur link shows it is 1 year old
 must be called onto the stage immediately!.Ninja edit: He was the one who reposted his own submission..Case closed.
Thanks. I figured wouldn't get into it - because everyone loves to bash OP. I received some hilarious comments. My favorite is "Your a cubt." I think he meant cunt - but cubt is wonderful. I've been told to get AIDS, called a faggot, someone wished my grandma to die (still going strong at 89, by the way). But the picture is mine. The memory is actually pretty frightening. Thoughts of our wedding reception interrupted by an ambulance, and with my grandma in horrible pain. And she was fine. Embarrassed, but fine. Weeks after the wedding, when my wife and I got our pictures from the photographer - it was amazing. If my Grandmother had been hurt, I don't think we would have ever seen that photo. And the years tick on (we were married in 2003).  So last year I joined Reddit and posted this photo. It did moderately well. But I posted it to funny. And its not really funny - it belongs in pics. I always kicked myself for that. So well over a year later, I'm going through my imgur account and I'm like - everything in reddit is a repost, let's see what happens. So I delete the original post and repost. Title is shorter than last time and boom - a wild sketch appeared. That was worth it. Called horrible names, called Corky from Life Goes On, my wife called Alfalfa. A Wild Sketch Appeared! I think if anything I'll be sure to mark the title with x-post from now on if I ever do something like that again. And for godssakes, I won't delete my original posts. But this photo has been seen, and if you see it again it won't be from me. That is all - OP here, signing out - obviously still a faggot, but appreciate the acquittal. .Edit: a word
Dear Diary, OP was a nice guy and confessed today..Today was a good day.
Plus it looks like it's staged, they're looking in different directions.
"Huh, deja vu"
"Huh, deja vu"
You can say that again.
"Huh, deja vu"
Yeah, really surprised no one has said repost yet.  Reddit loves calling them out!


To the er SP's (Second Posters?) credit, I hadn't personally seen this one myself. I tend to click on links on my front page then click the 'view comments on reddit' link to redirect back. Was really confused at first when the comments were all 1 year old.
SP seems to pretend he isn't re-posting it, replying as if he were present to see the fall. So either he used a very similar title by accident, or he is just hoping to farm some karma.
the first poster deleted his, so it's probably him posting again with the same image, weird
Perhaps more than one person in the picture is a Redditor.
The plot thickens...

My wife's 88-year-old Korean grandmother took an amazing tumble at our wedding last year and bounced right back up like nothing happened. Not exactly sure how to explain reddit to her, but she is amazingly cool and I'm definitely sending this along. .
I love this account!

Upvote for the Hitler Bride.
Bless your heart.
You are my favorite person on Reddit 
The wife looks like Hitler.
Classic scorpion!
looks like she had a prancersizing accident
OP said she lives...no need for that shoe to come off.
It looks like a giant from Skyrim.
It looks like the granny's left leg has 3 limbs and a horse's foot popping out from impact..Edit: wording
You mean 3 joints?
Another amazing illustration of a situation that needed it. Great job, seriously everything just looks so well done in the sketch and the perception really made me think about it..You sir have found the ultimate legit karma factory. I don't consider puns and shitty jokes as legit
The bride looks like hitler..
hitler bride?
You didn't quite capture that guy on the left's smirk/half grin hahah
Unreal, amazing!
OMG, that sketch is literally not real!./s
Fantastic, superb!
I expected some dildos infront of her on which she'll eventually roll on.
Slender-ma
Dem feet..Damn sexy..Fuck yeah.
Oh god... That's amazing/horrifying. I wonder how your brain thinks up of all these things... o.o
Her leg looks like it came out of Amigara Fault.
DONT REMIND ME YOU BASTARD
DRR DRR DRR
"Poor reasoning skills: The Manga"
Why does the bride look like she has a Hitler 'stache?
heh..first thing I noticed too
You're quick to enact Godwin's Law...
Hitler would probably mention Hitler pretty soon in this thread, so by extension MeNicolesta is . Hitler
Breakdancing granny?


The day that Grandma and ground just did not agree.
Granny has some moves.
Bust a move
Bust a hip.
I smell a sitcom..Watch her bust a move... and a hip!.Someone get FOX on the line.
More like Tyler Perry. Get Tyler Perry on the line!
Why ruin a good thing here?
DON'T DO IT
"Hey everybody, I'm gonna haul ass to Lollapalooza!"
...go again
 these photoshops aren't guaranteed to make sense. 
[deleted]
OHMYGOD at the Olympicssss nooo
That'll do, pig.
Thank you. 
you have to remember, they're dealing with the king here.

you've been served dearie

I read that in Rumplestiltskin's voice from Once Upon A Time
I read that in Mrs Doubtfire's voice

Pretty sure this is the reference 
is that Matt Hughes?
Indeed, 

Yeah this is an edited gif made a few years ago when mma.tv folks were making tons of Matt Hughes photoshops.
Hahaha yes I spent forever looking at that.
Oh my god!! Whats this from? 
Until you can get a better answer it looks like So you think you can dance.  Don't know what episode though.


I feel lucky for me 

Honestly he handled it like a champ.

I bet a little bit of poo came out.

Damn, that yarmulke caught some serious air. 
I never noticed he was wearing a yarmulke until now.
That's how you spell yahmahkuh?! Who knew?

oh god this a thousand times funnier with sound
Didn't even notice it until it flew off his head
I am honored by this sketch. And it's completely spot on. She fell like a boss and rolled herself into it. Just some bruises but was otherwise okay. 
Glad to hear your grandma is alright. My grandma told me that as you get older you begin loose the sense of bracing or catching yourself when you fall. 
Is this actually your picture? It was posted a while ago as well.
She is a practitioner of Judo, eh?
I also enjoyed the sketch, but does the bride appear to have a Hitler moustache, or is it me?

Good pick on the wife.
Classic Grandma
I've fallen and I can't get up!


There's only one explanation for this uncanny accuracy: . was actually there. Of course, why was AWSA there? In the hopes that there'd potentially a good picture that could later be sketched to exploit for karma? .No, no... The answer's clear. AWSA knew the picture was being taken and AWSA knew Grandma would fall... .Because AWSA tripped Grandma.
So why is everyone looking in different directions? Granny must have been 30ft long.
go away repost fag.
How is she doing now? A year on from the original post?
This is not his wedding. This is stolen. I say stolen, because there's a difference between a simple repost, and actually claiming ownership of said post. 
That's what I was getting at.
Yeah, sure.
Except this is a repost and you're lying.
My family once had a similar scenario on a camping trip where my grandma tipped a camping chair over backwards.  She almost performed a full backflip and came out relatively unscathed..15 years later she's still often referred to as "Stunt Granny" by most of the family. 
Coolest nickname ever.
The family lovingly call me something similar, behind my back.
 I only ever catch the end of the "....unt" word, though.
Oh my this is funny!
We call my dad Slinky. He has a tendency to fall down stairs and his every step on the way down. He just rolls with it.
Been proven a repost and you still go along with it.. For shaaammeee
Fucking liar.
F-F-Ff-Fucking Liar  .Where's my god damn check book, let's get this over with....

It's a repost though... Which I don't mind as I haven't seen the original. But why pretend you were there?

Maybe more than one of the groomsmen have reddit accounts? There . quite a few people in the picture. .I'm just throwing that out there.
I don't think that's the case.
Probably not. I'm just trying not to be so pessimistic...
I admire your optimism. I'm in the photo and most of us are still bros 10 years later. We are redditaholics... Although I didn't post this the groom did.
Is this for real? I don't buy it - verify yourself and give us a smirk! That'd be pretty sweet though -- seriously? Verify guy to the left (or was it the right?)
You're a goddamned liar, OP. 
Upvote changed to downvote for OP. You get an Upvote! 

This rustled my jimmies. Bring the pitchforks!
Too bad you're a reposting faggot

Reposting is one thing... but then actually claiming that he was there is just plain low
That's right. Reposting, but making it apparent that it's not yours, is nice in that it can spark up new awesome discussion in the threads, and sometimes it's even a little more successful when it's reposted... But OP is just a faggot today..
 


I for one am glad Granny's ok.
Granny are you ok? Granny are you ok? You've been hit by, you've been struck by, a smooth criminal.
do do, do da do do, do do, do do
do do?
do do ???
do do do ????
Yeah man bubbles_says is responsible for about 20 seconds of confusion over here!!!

Brown noser. I know you want that hard candy. 
Mmmm all stuck together into one giant sticky monster.
Story of my life right here folks.
Penny Whistles and Moonpies.
Granny Jolly Ranchers?
Sweet and innocent, or incredibly filthy euphamism.
Either way, we are going to have fun, Ja.
The butterscotch is so yummy
Or those red strawberry candies where only grandparents know where to get. 
Lucky. My granny didn't have hard candy, she made me wait off to the side while she played slots. On the bright side, Caesar's Palace has such nice decor. 
The ones wrapped to look like strawberries??? The mayor of my town has a candy jar in her office anteroom with these in the mix. When her secretaries are busy, I pick through the jar to grab all of them when I'm in there. It's often the highlight of my day.
Grandparents, restaurants and receptionists. I smell a conspiracy.
I got a bag at the end of a rainbow.. It never seems to empty, it's kinda great.
Aww, yiss. Those ones with the strawberry gel inside?

I get them from the bank.where they get them I dont know.i like the banks root beer flavored ones the most since they taste great and look like root beer barrels.after that the second best ones are the butterscotch.
Yes! Those are amazing. Seriously, where can you buy those? I can never find them in stores.
These?  
Yes, thank you! 
Dollar stores. 
They don't make them anymore, every grandparent has a secret stash from the late '90s.
Don't you know that's how we get ants??

TIL old people created ants.
Smuggled from the Land of Oz or Narnia or something. The grandparents and their wardrobes. 
Those Werthers originals
A long time ago it was my first day at the gym. Over confident and no food in my belly, I decided I could EASILY do the 30 minute circuit that the gym had planned out. Well next thing I know I'm woozy and feeling sick. I run to the locker room and end up lying down cause I feel like I'm gonna drop any second. .As you all know, the locker room is the cool hangout joint for naked old dudes. Well, all of them were quite concerned, and one gentleman still clothed gave me a Werthers to get me some energy back..It totally worked. I felt a bit better within minutes, thanked the man, grabbed my gear and left to find my girlfriend..And that my friends is the story of the last time I worked out at that gym. 
I remember thinking that i must be someone very special
You are so lucky. My grandparents only kept Horehound candy around.  That stuff is the kid equivalent of poison candy.  Fool me once.......
I'm sorry but everybody knows according to the old timet folksy commercial that grandpas give Werthers out., not grandmas.  
I was thinking of the other 'Hard Candy' and got shivers down my back.
I remember the first time Grandpa Werther gave me a taste of his rich, sweet, buttery candy... Or something like that. Those commercials were CREEPY.
Fun fact: Some time ago, . discovered that Werther's Original is actually German candy, which seemed to shock a number of people there - let's see how it's over here 
Well duh...

To which I replied 'well, it's a German name...'
To which I can reply "I know, I'm German" 

I'll be damned if those things don't taste better when Grandma gives them to you compared to buying them yourself.
Consider yourself not damned sir. 
It's because she leaves them out in her candy bowl for days.
It's because she bought a gallon sized containers worth of them fourty years ago when they used real sweeteners instead of all the fake crap they have nowadays.
I'm going to Iceland on Monday and have the snorkeling tour booked for the 26th!! I wish I had my scuba cert but snorkeling will have to do for now. Still SUPER excited though!!
 For all of those interested in diving in Silfra. You are very welcome.
and when theres an earthquake? SQUASH
going to iceland in september, would it be a good idea to try scuba diving there at that time?
There wouldn't be an earthquake.
Oh good, there's a ladder.
Keeps your Sims from drowning
Pacific Rim 2: Atlantic rim

Oh god I saw this movie on tv and I couldn't handle it. It was really bad. I usually enjoy watching crappy movies, but I couldn't handle it. 
For anyone who is interested but too lazy to google, it's located in Iceland and is part of the boundary between the North American and Eurasian tectonic plates. It's really popular for scuba diving because the is clear and feckin awesome, and the divers are swimming between continental tectonic plates.
My first thought: "Got to be Iceland".
Just might give the local turtles superpowers..From a Mexican Greenpeace parody "Toxic Tours" site, here's some more foamy horror 
I find it hard to believe that anything purple is toxic
hmm grape sno cone
At least it looks cool.
Those are just eco friendly pool floats

I was hidin' in ur watterr baux.
'This thing is like... INFITITE!!!'
Arby's?
Face says, "Dat Fry."
I think it hypnotized him. 
Are you sure this pic wasn't taken in Ireland. The number plate should be yellow on the back of that caddy if it was in the UK.Edit it was Ireland Farmers Journal photo 
How long did this take to fill?
. 
Is that the new DLC for Farming Simulator 2013?
How hot is it, actually, during a heatwave in England? 
It has been about 30-32C. Which is mid to high 90sF.
Is it very humid too, then?.Sorry, i know this may sound condescending and obnoxious, but we have heatwaves of 42-43C, almost each year (thankfully not this year, though). And i've been to places where a heatwave is 49C (not kidding) with 98% humidity. 
Humidity is usually around 50% 
Where I'm from that would be a mosquito breeding haven.
Seriously?! 32C a heatwave?!
It is when nothing in the country is designed to withstand the heat (since it's so rare)..Half our cars don't have AC, our houses will be like ovens indoors and last week trains were cancelled due to the metal railway lines expanding.
This makes sense. It's like whenever we have heavy rains or snow in my country. Even though we do have central heating, the buildings and public infrastructure aren't properly equipped to deal with low temperatures and it really screws things up. .On another note: whenever spring was coming at my school, rising temperatures and summer vacations approaching, we used to bring at school plastic bags, fill them with water and drop them at each other. Was quite fun. 
Heh, the UK also can't deal with heavy rain or snow. .Our trains were delayed in the autumn because of leaves on the track. They're delayed in the spring because of flooding and they're delayed in winter because of snow and ice. 
Well, our trains are constantly delayed due to strikes, whether it rains or shines :P
Let me guess... France?
I'll give you two more chances, but no peeking on my comment history, cause that would be cheating.
I'm assuming European, since we all like a good strike..Not UK or France. Greece?

Don't know how earth port operates but I can imagine it's due to all the post processing. 
It is actually because they don't recognize tree scapes as relevant.  It seems to be the only scape they won't recognize, because trees aren't natural scapes, they are just trees..There are actually tons of post worked images on earthporn.
Ah, TIL, thank you for telling me. 
I didn't believe it until i wiki'd it. Did someone glue a carcass to their trash can? 
I remember seeing this image years ago and wrote it off as a fake. You're telling me this thing exists?
A little melted butter and lemon juice knocks these babies down to size.
Can I eat it?
 is a list of all of the edible domesticated animals.
is there still a gum tree at knotts berry farm?
That's not how the tree feels.
contemporary*
Not sure, this is by the Best Buy In Canoga
Trust me, not only Malaysians adored this Happy Meal toy!!.Even here in the Philippines it was a craze!!! (I managed to get 3/8 I think? :D).Every Minion toy sold out before even the promo period was over!.NOTE: This does not include those minion toys sold in Toys R' Us or etc. (which are also sold out)
Why?
Malaysians for some unknown reason just loves the Minions from the Despicable Me movies. Whether they are adults collecting for sake or collecting or children buying to play with them. Country is bonkers.
Can't you get these somewhere online? 
It's so they can sell it on Ebay as a RARE COLLECTABLE MINION TOY! GREAT FOR MANY CHILD!!!!!
4 AM is the best time to line up because it is the coolest time of the day.
bravo
That's a fantastic picture! I can't put my finger on it, but something about the composition just gives a wonderful sense of scale.
You done good
I don't own pic btw, not my watermark.
What an honest character!
[deleted]
May I ask why?
I am the Lizard king!
looks like Jesse's house
I would love to see it, but you know, in daylight.
If I had to sleep in there I would probably soil the sheets thus ending in me sleeping in the lobby.
repost
no shit
Nope. I shit you not. 
Why would you change the title and repost? 
Cause I'm a failure.
Sorry to hear that. 
Well I'm trying not to be, so maybe someday.
  She was found in 1999 and has been on display since 2007
saving this for when im not at work
Discovery from 14 years ago found. It was posted on ..
There isn't any nudity or anything, it really is just a frozen, clothed woman.
This is truly amazing and tragic at the same time. To be able to see someone from 500 years ago is astounding to me. To realize that she may have died due to superstition makes me want to cry.
Is she OK?
Maybe she just didn't want to wait for the Nintendo Wii to come out.
xpost to 
Seeing as their empire was wiped out, I'm guessing the gods didn't like this one.
This is very cool. This has to be super exciting for many scientists. The sad part is that right now someone is planning a movie where the girl is reanimated and proceeds to unleash demons upon all who disturbed her chilly slumber while also becoming the most popular girl in school and doing PSAs about the dangers of hypothermia.
she looks good for like 520 years old 
Ohh that girl? She been found.
science should steal the eggs from her womb and make science babies with it idk
Look at the intricate braids. Wow.
I feel that as a scientific discovery it is truly remarkable; as a human discovery it is powerfully poignant and tragic.
Well said! I wish everyone saw it that way. 
Is that an Ouya controller on the floor?
Nvm, I see the Ouya itself too. 
PS3 Controller with Majora's Mask on an Ouya? Fuck yea!
nice towel in the window, it brings everything together!
I like the roll of TP, myself.
Dam there is a lot to like about my pic
Storm of 2013. NEVER FORGET!
We will rebuild!
The dad figures a tornado picked it up and threw it - it was 40 or so feet away from where it had originally stood.
On a serious note though, that girl must be devestated. Luckily it wasn't their actual house. She will prevail!
holy shit granny has some big ole wrinkly hands. 
You are very handsome...
Oh... Thanks! :)
More like "PALE tree" right? Right? Hey-ooooo
I still don't. Palms aren't trees.
She is calling you skinny. She wants you to eat more so you look good for your wife.
You mustn't be too bright then.
You're hurting her!!! Just kidding she seems to be ok.
is it because she's old and senile 
So, I'm dumb and don't get it. Someone want to explain?
Palm trees are tall, and OP is much taller than granny..That's all I got.
Yep! :)
Grandmothers always love the slow ones the most :)
You're a very attractive palm tree.
Well thank you :)
I bet your butt looks great
Hahaha! Too big, my butt is too big!
Too big ?!? A butt is NEVER too big!
Lmao! I guess, I should meet more people like you! All I get is the opposite haha
So you never realized you were tall until you took this photo? Perhaps she meant that you are as clever as a palm tree.

Twist: OP is 5'2". Grandma is part leprechaun.
I get it, it's because you have hands!
Super cute!!
Grow yourself some Sideshow Bob hair & dye it green. You know you want to.

Just me or does it kinda make him look like Mitt Romney?
I'm going to hang myself from a palm tree now... I see it... o_O
LMAO!

Ah, I see it now.
Your head looks like a coconut ?
Coconuts aren't that big :D
Ive seen some big-ass coconuts, though. When theyre fresh from the tree, the brown nut is covered in fruit, and its huge. .Its a little bit freaky when one falls 25 feet and bounces on the ground four feet away from you. Death by coconut would be a lame way to go.
how is this racist? (I am not able to read the sign, so I appologize if that explains the racism)
Mammy dolls are pretty racist.
My mother had a doll that flipped like that, I remember playing with it when I was a child in the early Eighties.  Hers was a pair of sisters, though, Snow White and Rose Red or something like that.  I think there might have originally been a bear toy that went with it as well.
That's actually kind of neat. 
Stabby knife time. 
that's what you get for eating skippy! 
USA
Faking into the fake at fake.
repost + fake = downvote
This should make a nice squallpaper.
This is a boat.
Photoshopped/CG.
You'd need a long telephoto to get that image from a distance. You'd be getting a lot of distortion from surface air currents.
Sky lighting levels are wrong for where the moon is, because of where the sun has to be on the other side of the sky. Also, looking at the color gradients in Photoshop, it's obvious that the moon was just an image added in, not a significant light source in the sky.
At that altitude, the moon doesn't appear "round", but "flattened" slightly in the horizontal direction, due to differential air density acting like a lens. It would look like a slightly smashed ball.
Pretty smooth water... suspiciously smooth, in fact.
The orientation of the moon is wrong for a moonrise. Mare Crisium, the dark patch close to the rim on the right, should be near the top. The moon image was taken at before midnight, when the moon was nearly at it's greatest height in the sky. That image was then used in this composite.
I'm an amateur astronomer - I build my own telescopes, do astrophotography, and have taken many "horizon" photos of the moon and the sun. I've also been using Photoshop professionally for 18 years - I know my stuff when it comes to photography and stuff like this.
SNAP!
To be on that boat...
With throats unslaked, with black lips baked,.
We could nor laugh nor wail;.
Through utter drought all dumb we stood!.
I bit my arm, I sucked the blood,.
And cried, A sail! a sail!  .With throats unslaked, with black lips baked,.
Agape they heard me call:.
Gramercy! they for joy did grin.
And all at once their breath drew in,.
As they were drinking all.  .See! see! (I cried) she tacks no more!.
Hither to work us weal;.
Without a breeze, without a tide,.
She steadies with upright keel!  .The western wave was all a-flame..
The day was well nigh done!.
Almost upon the western wave.
Rested the broad bright Sun;.
When that strange shape drove suddenly.
Betwixt us and the Sun.  .And straight the Sun was flecked with bars,.
(Heaven's Mother send us grace!).
As if through a dungeon-grate he peered.
With broad and burning face.  .Alas! (thought I, and my heart beat loud)
How fast she nears and nears!.
Are those her sails that glance in the Sun,
Like restless gossameres?.
And is that Woman all her crew?.
Is that a DEATH? and are there two?.
Is DEATH that woman's mate?  .Her lips were red, her looks were free,.
Her locks were yellow as gold:.
Her skin was as white as leprosy,.
The Night-mare Life-in-Death was she,.
Who thicks man's blood with cold.  
Monkey Island 
"perhaps it's just some local fisherman out for a pleasure cruise...at night...through eel-infested waters..."
repost
HAHA..This has been my desktop picture for months. 
Folks, we're at Cauldron Point... and what appears to be a... . ship...
FTFY.
If there are no sails deployed it is still called sailing?
THE BLACK PEARL?!
Pearl's a beauty, i'n't she?
I still have the r/pics thread that this was in saved on my phone. This one is currently my lock screen. Here is the link if you're interested in the others 
Moored in the night, maybe. With no sails set and no wake, that ship ain't moving.
The black pearl is off on its next adventure
Looks like a shot from "Master and Commander"
posted to . 
Are there any sail driven big ships in use nowadays?
sure.. but i guess that only few are sailing cargo.. but the rigging on the picture does not look very realistic.. unless they invented roller furling way back ;) 
Is this not a screenshot from Pirates XXX....

Great picture :)
This reminds me of Monkey Island for some reason.
This looks like pirates of the Caribbean : at worlds end.
What settings do you have your ETW game set to?
It's leaving with all the rich stuff!
You'll never see a finer ship in your life.
Along the way, the sea will crowd us with lovers at night.
There's nothing like this built today.
You'll never see a finer ship or receive a better tip in your life...
I believe this is the S.S. Bullshit setting sail on the Sea of Critical Thought.
far be it for anything on . to be photoshopped...
Yo Ho!  A pirate's life for me!
this is now my cover photo
CGI
GOONIES NEVER DIE! 
What a nice picture.  Very serene.
Nice, but fake.
"Take me to that horizon."
This is a great lock screen wallpaper.
REPOST 
"sailing"
I would say drifting, since no sails are deployed
...a pirate's life for me
I also want to start posting random pics found on the internet for karma.Source: Just google "sailing boat moon", comes up real quick.
created in All points bulletin (game) .think of it as the emblem system in CoD games
Drifting in to the moon. FTFY 
Time bandits?
THIS IS THE TALE OF CAPTAIN JACK SPARROW
sailer moon
CG.  Good CG.  But CG nonetheless...
Yeah, I can't imagine the moon ever being that big in the sky in comparison to a ship. 
its possible but it would require a long telephoto lens
Ah, yeah. I guess if you were super far away from the ship, that would work. Never thought of that. 
Reminds me of this ., (yes I know, Daily Mail  O.o )
I drive these types of boats! They are pretty awesome. 
I was listening to the song Sail when I saw this :D
Do not sail gently into that good night. 
I'm I the only one that saw this pic on my Zedge Android app under wallpapers like 3 weeks ago?

Hey look! My computer wallpaper from 2010.
Awesome pic
thanks
Holy mary mother of god!
...except for the fact that all of their sails are rolled up. So technically just 'sitting' in the night. Or maybe 'motoring' into the night.
Peter pan anyone?
Can these all get posted to r/iphotoshoppededtheshitoutofthis from now on?
Lol that's my wallpaper right now...weird 
ships like this are still active?
I just drew this pic!
Up is down, flash of green.
Yeah, it's a hell of a movie.

How many wrong turns do you have to take in your life to be in a porn movie as a "NonSex" character?
Don't ruin it, Joe!
i tried painting it. 
Looks good!
thanks doll baby!
Here is a . of the image!
You can get it up to 2880x1800 size with reverse google image search...
Thanks! Been looking for a new desktop background!


Yeah, that's a nice wallpaper.  Thanks..I also like how it perfectly delineates the two halves of my screen.
It's not about beating, it's about spreading.
Please ignore, I'm on my phone so just commenting to come back later.
You're doing gods work son.
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
These fucking karmadecay posts are killing reddit more than reposts.
wtf... Reposted into offensive_wallpapers. Really. 
It was edited.
Ah I see the difference now. That is still kinda lame but whatever. 
It's a slave ship.
Nice picture.But none of the sails are set.......
And the wind isn't blowing....
And the whole thing is photoshopped...
Why does it matter?.It is still a nice picture.
Are you saying you don't like the cut of their jib?
True. They'll need to unfurl the sails if they want to make it to the moon. 
"Bobbing into the night" doesn't have the same ring to it.
"Adrift in the night" works, but less funny.
This isn't . though.
Photoshopped/CG..I'm an amateur astronomer - I build my own telescopes, do astrophotography, and have taken many "horizon" photos of the moon and the sun. I've also been using Photoshop professionally for 18 years - I know my stuff when it comes to photography and stuff like this.
Might be a dumb question, but you seem knowledgeable. When do you see the moon with that clarity, and especially at that size? Only with a telephoto/long-range lens or better?
You must be fun at parties.
Actually, I am. I also bar-tend and .. Our friends love it when I bring a box of my booze along to a party and pour for the guests.
Question on #5... The orientation of the moon changes depending on what latitude on Earth you are at. Could there not be a latitude at which this is the correct orientation?.I am well aware it is photoshopped, not doubting that, just wondering why you can't have the moon oriented as such.
More analysis of the image here: . (I was trying to find the source of the image; not found yet)
Pretty good analysis there.
So would you say you can tell by the pixels and having seen a few shops in your time?
He could tell by the puddles and having seen a few ships in his time.
You'd make a great reporter. Not a journalist, just a reporter.
Hehe.
Well I looked for a genuine photo of the moon looking larger on the horizon, and instead found . about how actually it doesn't look larger on the horizon. On the plus-side I believe in God now. 
But the moon does in fact . bigger on the horizon. It's just one of the tricks of our brain.
So hows that working out for you... being clever?  Seriously, though, you know way more about this photo than even the guy who took/made it.  Props to you.
Been working out rather nice, thanks!
You really need a good telescope to see the moon. Even a long telephoto don't give you enough magnification. You can always mount a camera to a telescope - that's how most of these pix were taken.
Also, I can tell from some of the pixels and from seeing quite a few shops in my time
Shut the smurf up kid, you dont know jack shit about photoshop and I honestly dont give a damn if you claim to be a amateur astronomer. Keyword here is amateur, which in other words means you smurfing suck balls at astronomy. You think you're so cool because you went on google and got all these fancy ass bullet points which dont mean anything. I dont care if you build telescopes or not, everything you said is untrue and doesnt even make sense... grow up and get off reddit you summer fag
Quiet, child - the adults are speaking.
Not really. The moon is so far away compared to the diameter of the earth that Mare Crisium would appear in roughly the same place all the time when the moon is that the horizon. 
Well what portion of the moon you see will always stay the same, yes. But it "rotates" depending on where you observe it from. When I visited the southern hemisphere, I noticed the moon was "upside down" compared to what I am used to in the Northern US... so the orientation of which side is facing "up" changes on where you are. And therefore, at some point/time, Mare Crisium may be facing where it is in that photo at moonset/moonrise..I played around with Stellarium, which as you may know does a great job at finding the position and orientation of everything in the night sky at any place, at any time..If you watch the moonrise from:.N 72 deg 00' 0.0",    E 161 deg 06' 0.02''. (Northeast Russia).on July 22nd 2013, at 12:15 GMT*, the moon will be oriented exactly as in the picture as it rises. .[Seen Here - .].Now, sure, it will be flattered by the atmosphere, and the other things you said point to this being shopped. But the way the moon looks (what is up/down, which part hits the horizon, etc) is all relative to your latitude and time. So it is possible for the moon to be oriented like that as it rises..*Note, the picture says 6:15 because that it would be where I am when this happens, but I converted to GMT.
OK - good one. That would work..Now, add in the ice floes... 
haha, that's fair.
It's funny, I made a pixelart piece oddly similar to this picture a couple years ago:.Though my "CG" is much less advanced, haha.
Don't know what you are talking about bro, yours is damn near photorealistic. 
Who cares?.It is a nice picture regardless.  OP never stated that it wasn't photoshopped.  .Jesus, reddit!  Do we have to be such cynical assholes?.EDIT: How did I know this would be downvoted?  I guess I am not part of the hivemind just yet.
I care..When someone doesn't have a disclaimer ("I did this in Maya/SoftImage/Lightwave/Photoshop/Paint!"), most people assume that it's "real." There are . many fakes that get forwarded in emails with people who believe they are real - "miracles" like the hands opening a hole in the clouds are a popular one for Christians to send..I'm not a "cynical asshole." I'm just tired of liars. The real question is, why do you defend liars and fakes? 
He isn't a liar though!.He never proclaimed anything.  He just wants to show off a nice picture that he found.  What the fuck is wrong with that?.Absolutely nothing..Hell, how do you know he even made the picture?  Some people just like to show what they found and even if it is made by OP, it is still a nice picture regardless.  It doesn't need to be absolutely fucking perfect.  OP is human; humans make errors..Plus, it doesn't matter if people think it is real or not because the purpose of the post is to show off how pretty the picture looks.  Even if it is photoshopped, it's pretty and nice.
There is such as thing as a .. .I don't find it "pretty" if I'm being lied to. I don't excuse omission of facts because something is "nice". If I sold you a top-grain leather sofa, and you loved the color and feel of it, you'd be happy. If I mentioned it was leather made from the skin of orphaned children, would you feel the same way about it?
Lying by omission is essentially . the guy is lying when we don't know jack shit.  Assuming is not a good way to base someone's crucifixion off of..As far as we know OP just wants to show us a picture that they thought looked nice..How do you know OP is trying to hide something?  The most likely thing here is that he found the picture somewhere and thought it looked nice to show others.  .I mean, you are kind of diving off the deep end to make OP seem like a bad guy when 1) we don't know anything about OP's intentions and 2) this is reddit.  Reddit ain't some professional website that has to have every post be politically correct.  Hell, even your comparison is off the charts for comparisons.  I mean, why are you comparing a picture that is photoshopped to a couch that is made of children's skin.  They are too different things.  Ofc, i would be pissed about the couch being made of children's skin if I wasn't told about it, but I wouldn't loose any sleep over a god damn picture that was photoshopped on the fucking internet and not told about it.  .Lied to or not, the picture is still nice and I am happy OP showed it to me.  Schemantics are Schemantics (Specifics); they don't mean much on a website like reddit where you can go to a place like . and find a nasty anus.  :/
No, a lie by omission isn't about make any assumptions. It's all about the entire story not being told, or being told in a way that omits important information..I haven't commented . about OP, or OP's motives. Stop trying to put words into my mouth, and seeing things that aren't there. My entire comment was only about the images, and the ethics of image manipulation. OP wasn't mentioned until readers like made . about my motivations. I also didn't mention anything about reposts, or OP being a karma whore, etc., because my comments were directed at the image itself..If I were to sell you a TV, would you buy it? If I could get the one you want at half-price, would you want it? What if I said I got it from a distributor for a discount? Would you be OK? If instead that distributor I thought was legit was in fact a mob front operation for liquidating stolen merchandise, I could still be arrested for receiving stolen property... and so could you if you bought the TV. At best, it would just be confiscated from you, and you'd be out your money. I did not try and lie to you - to the best of my knowledge, everything was legit, and yet there were lies of omission involved - I did not think to ask if anything was stolen, and that information was not volunteered by the mob guys. I did not tell you anything either, because I did not know, and yet that lie of omission exists, because the TV was still stolen..Sure, it's not the same as a manipulated photo, or a child-skin sofa... but it's a matter of the degree to how horrible the lie of omission was, not that it does not exist. To you, it may not matter or be important, but I like to believe in as many real things as possible, as as few false things as possible, and so I try and correct things like this. Far too often, I have family who gets image like this, and think they are real. Worse are the ones with a religious aspect, because they are offered as "proof" of miracles, divine intervention, or whatever else someone wants desperately to be real..Reality isn't always pretty, it isn't always comfortable, and it isn't always pleasant to behold. But it is what is real, and in the end, reality is what we have to deal with, day in and day out. Fantasy is fine, as long as you know it's fantasy. When you start to think that fantasy is reality, we call that a delusion.
Well, I doubt anybody really thinks this picture real.  I don't; I just think of it as a picture that looks nice.  Lying to me or not, it is just a picture that looks nice.  .If it was something more important like your TV analogy, I could understand this argument, but this is just a picture on the internet that gets stupid up or down votes.  You are using analogies that are literally way more worse than what OP is assumingly doing to get karma for this picture.  I mean within hours from now, this post, this conversation will be utterly useless.  Your entire argument, my entire counter-argument will be useless.  His lie or no lie doesn't matter because it won't last long enough to matter, so just enjoy it and ignore the fact he left it out because it doesn't matter..Also, i said "we" when refering to the intentions or motives and I only brought that up because you are assuming he is lying to us, which you don't know for sure.  . don't know OP's intentions.  I was trying to put words in your mouth.  That wasn't . intention.  Also, I was more or less commenting to your assumption on the photoshop, not on OP's motives that very first post I made..Regardless of either of our opinions, the picture is nice.  It looks nice.  It has errors, but it doesn't deter the picture too much to the point of "ITS SHIT! BURN IT WITH FIRE!".  OP is right to post this the way he did.  I am glad he did; I don't give a shit if it's fake or real.  That doesn't matter.  What matters is the art behind it and all works of art have mistakes, which you pointed out some.  (Yes, photography/image manipulation is art.).I'm done though.  I don't want to argue anymore.  I lost; you won, alright?  It was nice having this argument with you, friend.  I had fun while it lasted, but I am just.. tired out..Buh-Bye now! 
Yeah, I was tired of it as well at my last post... If it's art, then fine. I like pretty pictures as well, and try not to get into arguments about art.
Wow, even for a photographer, you have quite a stick up your ass about a god. damn. picture. Seriously, OP never claimed it was original, un-shopped, or anything like that. They just found a cool picture online, and thought "hey, reddit would like this" and posted it here. Anyone that's ever seen the moon knows that it never gets that big, so it's obviously photoshopped. .You need to chill the fuck out. 
Kid, I'm so chill you could keep a side of beef in me for a month. 
I'd like to take a look at your photos.
I've been told that astro-photography is incredibly expensive and a very difficult form of photography..People who are into it really know their shit about lighting, mounts, and lenses. Getting shots to look anywhere near good takes the skill of a professional..Heck, just try taking a picture of the moon with a regular camera and see how it turns out.
Pretty much..The refractor is a TeleVue-101, about $3500 new. The mount is a Meade LX80, another grand. Add in a Canon DSLR, eyepieces, etc, and there's probably about $15-18K invested in all my stuff. I know guys who have a single telescope worth twice that, with $10k CCD cameras, adaptive optics, massive $12k mounts... It adds up fast..The reason is you need very accurate tracking, since you can have exposures of an hour or more for very dim objects. With film, it was a LOT more difficult, but CCDs are more sensitive and what used to take an hour now takes 5 minutes... so you can film much fainter objects if you record for an hour. Any deviation from perfect tracking in that time results in smeared or blurry images, so cheap equipment that's good enough for visual isn't good enough for astrophotography.
I don't have many of the astrophotos online. Mostly, I do landscapes. I started with astrophotography a few years ago, stopped because of lack of time, restarted, stopped, and have restarted again.. - I did not have a proper tracking mount, so multi-second exposures were blurry. These were taken about 1am or so, if I recall, and it's easy to see that the position of Mare Crisium is the same as in OP's image. It would not appear in the same orientation on the horizon. . is a good example of a horizon shot (note the edge distortions from air movement).. Again, unguided, which is why I had to keep moving the scope. At the bottom are some nice shots of the sun on the horizon, with Venus visible. Right before sunset, we could even see it naked-eye, sans filters.... - I finally got a nice tracking mount and have started taking better shots. However, the mount failed, and I just got it back a few weeks ago, so I haven't had time to test it yet.
Holy shit those are some nice pictures!  Your stuff is top notch!
Your last picture set is amazing. Do you got a higher res shot of the first comet picture?
Yeah, but not now. PM me for a reminder to send you one..One of them I had printed on a 16x20 canvas for my library. Looks pretty cool.
Nah - there are a lot of guys in my astronomy club who are way better. I'm still just starting...
 post those too 
And to top it off, the ship can't be "sailing into the night" with all its sails furled.
There is no crew. Maybe its a ghost ship. 

noooooo....
Not to mention that you can tell by where the mares on the moon are (also known as the seas) that the moon is rising, not setting. So by sailing towards it, you are also sailing towards where the sunrise will be, thus hastening its progress towards day..In other words, he's sailing into the day and away from the night. Get your shit together OP!
What a humongous penis!
"Anchored for the night" isn't as romantic, I suppose...
It is for me.  That's when the beer drinking is done.  
Yeah, but . is pretty romantic 
Non-imgur pics are such a letdown... can't see this on my current internet connection.
I got you! Just edited the comment and uploaded link to imgur
Bahaha worth the wait! Thanks much.

"Get me to the fucking hospital."
I broke my collar bone when I was about 10, really freakin hurt and I had a bump on my shoulder where it broke for years afterwards. 
Ouch. Dude looks like he must be tough. Hope he is okay and heals quickly.
I took a snow tube into a line of trees. Bump buddies.
He's a trooper.
He should practice more. 

what did he learn? 
Good thing he was wearing a helmet! 
That's a priceless photograph. You'll never regret having taken that. 
When I was a kid I collided with another kid on a bike. AMA.
I remember when I was younger, I was riding when the front wheel locked up, it threw me forward and sort of jammed my rib on the side of the handlebar grip. Hurt like hell, but my ribs were fine and I was pretty sore.
Brother's injured, quick take a picture!
We had to wait for a ride anyways. Why not? Lol
Damn. I might just shed a single tear if I broke my collarbone like that. Tough kid. 
Him:  Can we go to the hospital please?!?.You:  Not till I get a pic for sweet sweet karma!  Now stand still and look stunned.
Way to set an example. Also, thanks for getting that fucking song stuck in my head.
His thoughts?."I'm sooo shitfaced right now"
Oof
Is that blood all over the pavement? Take the dude to a hospital.
No tears huh? Tough fucker.
Uhh looks like it hurt
HAHA poor boy
Take a chill pill, OP. Your little brother idolizes you. . why he tried to copy you. No need for all the destruction.
He looks like he toughed it out pretty well haha
Looks to me like the mailbox still won.
Unless you removed the handlebars from your bicycle, you ride with no ., not "no handlebars."
this looks like it could be a TIME magazine cover
bro looks gangster as shit. with that mug and the scars he's gonna slay.
Little kid- OH SHIT I hunk I broke my collar bone! 
Me- wait! Lemme take a picture for reddit! (Lol I'm am an ass)
How do you ride a bike with no handlebars?

Such a badass. Not crying or anything
No crying?  I'd be balling my eyes out
I think it's "bawling my eyes out."  Then again maybe you meant what you typed...
Dude, I ball #swagballer420
He would make a good trans female. Tell him to start taking hormones before puberty if he wants to be a lesbian when he grows up.
is that his blood all over the street behind him?
No grimace after that fall with a broken collar bone? Looks like makeup.
You might be right.  I've broken my collarbone and seen people break theirs, and I find it hard to believe that a kid can break his and not show any pain on his face.
Because I definitely went out of my way for a couple up votes. I'm a makeup mastermind, obviously. 17 year old makeup genius. 
I don't know how old you are. Plus, people have faked far grander things for less. 


Those look legit. Have an upvote. I hope he's doing better. 
Hahaha...your brother is a boss, I'm 40 and if my collarbone was broken I would have no time for pics!!
Is that his blood all over the street in the background?
Dead pine needles.
Can he at least keep rhythm with no metronome?
Chicks dig scars. Or at least that's what I was told every time I got hurt as a kid. 
You're such a good influence on him.
He tries to stay above the influence... But...
I think most of the scars I have are from bicycle accidents as a kid...
So many bloody walks home
So far mine are all snowboarding incidents. I did BMX for a while, but only had 1 injury. (Hand got caught in someone else's spokes)
I somehow never got injured from snowboarding, but I was never very daring doing that either. I wasn't exactly daring on a bicycle as a kid, but I learned really quickly why you keep your shoes tied and laces tucked in..I'll never forget the day my laces were hanging down, untied, while riding a bicycle. The laces got caught in the chain on one side, and the laces from my other shoe got wrapped up on the pedal on the other..simultaneously. I was trapped with my feet tied to my bike. I did not stay upright very long, and I had no way to escape. I think I ended up with 6 or 7 pebbles from the road under the skin on my knee. So much pain, and I had to keep my knee on the road while I tried to struggle to get my laces untangled. I couldn't even get my shoes off they were caught so tight. I was seven years old and I still remember that.
A friend of mine once wore velcro sandals on her bike. One little piggy didn't get back home. It amazes me that people ever wear anything but shoes with the laces tied and tucked when riding a bike. Did you permanently damage to your knee or did the pebbles get taken out and you were fine? Pebbles under the skin near your knee or in it sound fucking terrible.
No permanent damage, just scars. I wasn't  able to pick them all out,  but most just came out eventually since your body naturally ejects  that stuff.  The worst part was my grandma had this can of spray that was supposed to disinfect scrapes. Whatever that shit was hurt worse than the injury itself.
when he starts a punk band this is going to be a AWESOME album cover

But it's not a sob story :/
That was obvious by this nigger's inability to check a box in each category. He just wanted for people to like him for 2 seconds on an anonymous website because he has no friends. 
Kind of like how you want people to notice you with your name and use of the word nigger?.Too edgy for me man.
I don't want to be noticed at all. Are you interested in people talking to you about atomic energy or cows or both? Probably not. 
So you're here to inform the masses. Good on you.
glad you realized how dumb you were, thank you
On the upside he . look pretty badass
His ear was pretty sliced up as well. I think that's going to remain scarred. 
"My collar bone is broken!" ."Wait let me take a picture!"
Honestly, if I'm ever injured I'm sure as hell taking a photo of it. It's going to be a while before a doc does anything about it anyway, might as well document it for bragging rights later.
the collar bone is connected to the .mailbox bone
TIL: mailboxes have bones 
He can't ride his bike with no handlebars.No handlebars.No handlebars


He obviously couldnt keep the rhythm with no metronome
On the plus side, it's unlikely he can kill the planet in a holocaust.
He just called to say it's good to be alive in such a small world, and is all curled up with a book to read.
With The ringing in his ears he can hear through a microphone. 

Homing pigeon, still a popular hobby today.
I'm not too sure but that might be someone's carrier pigeon. If people even have those anymore.
Yes, he's a racing pigeon.  If you look at the information on the tag and google racing clubs in your area, you will likely be able to find his owner.  Same thing happened to my brother.  He made a few calls and the owner showed up in just a couple of hours to retrieve him.
Pretty kitty!.I hope you keep her indoors. 
She's definitely not going outside, don't need any hawks swiping her up
Wow, those Mormon families are getting really big these days!
Saw this same tactic while sitting in construction traffic while in the middle of nowhere during a road trip; almost every car respected the signs saying merge, but a few dicks decided they were more important than everyone else and tried to pass everyone, two truckers worked together to keep them back; it was so beautiful I almost cried.
Please clean your wall.
This is one of the most worthwhile things I've seen on Reddit today.
That's funny, Ted totally looks like a chick when he's getting attacked by a goat. 
i hear her screams in my sleep
Thanks For the Repost!
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
If you care so much, why don't you take a break from Reddit.  That way, everything you see will be brand new.  You can get over your own damn issues without having to be such a condescending prick.
Let justice be done.
And who the hell are you, the fucking reddit police? 

Goats:2 humans:
Pff... that doesn't look hard. I could do it easily. That would be no problem for me.
What do you think the future holds, as far as the necessity of actual human soldiers? Obviously, they will always be necessary, but probably not nearly to the extent that they have been and are today? Do you think that, in the future, we will significantly downsize the number of actual humans in the military?

How do you guys like the new T-11's? I left the eighty deuce in 04 and never had a chance to jump the new ones..
He said Unit.
Heh.
Former 1st group guy here.  Why are all your guys standing in formation?  We just walked to the truck to dump our chutes and hitched a ride back to the tower for shake out.
They are standing in the order they are supposed to load the aircraft in... It wasn't really a formation as much as it was a line to walk onto the aircraft.
Former 10th group guy here. this looks like 10th group. 
2nd BN, 10th group
Its the 173rd
Where was this taken? 
Italy
So you mean "imaginary ops".
no I mean airborne operations... As opposed to combat airborne operations... There is nothing imaginary about jumping out of an airplane.
sigh
Yep
Looks like Aviano to me.
Yep
Is this a pretty standard training exercise?  Just wondering because I read ab the recent Russian military training exercises, among others, and it seems there has been an uptick in military training exercises across the world.  Additionally I have heard ab a lot of people deploying when we are supposed to be bringing soldiers home.  Feels almost like we are on the brink on something bigger and nations are preparing.  Then again maybe I just read too much conspiracy crap.
Airborne! I was 2/503rd, got my mustard stain.
The fall is slow and the landing is soooftt
Army really needs to ditch ACU simply doesn't blend anywhere
They only wear them in garrison. 
Exactly! So many people complain about ACU blending in... I thought it was common knowledge about our Multicam use by now.
Leg here, do you jump with body armor on or is it stowed with your ruck?
We'd put it in our rucks except for our helmet
We jumped into Iraq with our plates in our duffel bags, which were flown in the next night.
Why is it that you only see those circular style parachutes used in a military setting? I can't recall ever seeing a recreational sky diver with that type of parachute.  Why are they so different?
Control-ability, You don't want 65 paratroopers streaking across the sky, pulling slips and running into each other. You want them to just float down. ... We do use round chutes with other things like hang glider reserves.   
We used sf10's with toggles when I was in.  That being said we didn't do mass tacs either.
Yeah I did one big jump with -1B's and is was a cluster. The medics were busy.
So there is an actual hang glider unit?
No, I do that just for fun.
Those are actually square. The older ones are circular though.
My parachute is bound to my C key.
My unit conducts airborne ops every morning. It makes it difficult to pee. 
Probably an Indian
Im almost positive that's a mock up, still pretty cool. . is what I think they modeled it after. its an Indian 841. should help you out too. Its a history of motorcycles in the military. 
He is tender with the ladies but rude if provoked, he rises to the situation and acts fast when needed. He likes to park like a douche sometimes for attention but with that personality you really cant get mad at him.
gasoline
Had a roommate that worked at a gas station. According to his stories, putting the wrong fuel in happens often (in Oregon, an attendant pumps your gas).
FYI, There's a updated filler neck part that the WV dealership will install for free that prevents smaller gasoline nozzles from being inserted, but allows the larger diesel nozzles. I think the design is pretty clever one, and haven't had any trouble with it since I had it fitted.
6am, groggy from sleeping in a hotel off the interstate... I can imagine being very thankful. 
Yes, I was going to say the warnings are more for full-service places, especially full-service-mandatory places, not the vehicle's owners...
Ug, I used to work on cars and this does happen. What a shitty repair job to take cars of this.
Can I upgrade my wife's ass with that? 
have you tried gas?
Holy shit, you'd be surprised. My parents bought this monster of a truck and, fucked up of course, just put gas in it all 'herppity derppity'. It's really easy to forget when it's mindless shit like getting gas.
VW TDI. I recently had my filler neck "upgraded". Now its a pain in the ass to fill up.
Thanks for the info, I was debating whether to get that or not.
It makes it such a pain in the ass. You have to force the filler nozzle in as far as you can or the sensor triggers the fuel too quick and shuts the pump off. Next time I am in for service I'm gonna have it switched back. I've had the car for 3 years and haven't filled it up with gas yet, so I dont think it will ever happen.
Thanks again, I've had mine for 2 months, and I have to go out of my way to even find diesel, I don't think I'm going to make that mistake.  Not with all of those warning labels (plus two more on the dash).
Think about when you sell it though. Get it done during the free recall period and then when you unload the car its got all recalls up to date.
Yes. I worked at a gas station when I was a kid. I can confirm this.
Well, sometimes people just make mistakes. .These mistakes cause the car to catch on fire horribly. .So I do understand these warnings. 
I used to be a roadside dispatcher for GM, you'd be amazed at how many people fill up with the wrong type.
Well, shit, I've been using coconut oil.  No problems yet.  Well, except for all this blood  and how I can't seem to move my legs.  I'm also starting to miss the sunlight.
Now I'm no dyslexic and I'm pretty sure it says gasoline
I got that recall notice and laughed my ass off.
You would be surprised how many people still put gas in these things. I used to work at a dealership and one of my jobs was to get used cars back into to shape for resale. One time I just finished working on a TDI and decided to take lunch. One of my coworkers took the car to the gas station and filled it up with.... you guessed it, gas! It cost the dealership an extra grand or two to get the car back up and running.
Either kerosene or Snapple. 
Well, I am driving for my last 10 years, at least 18000 miles (roughly 30000 Km) per year. I've done it twice. Gasoline in a diesel engine. Payed from my own pocket for filter and shit, also towing.
Actually had a customer that put gas in their 3 month old diesel truck.  We had to pump out the gas from his tank and have it disposed.   It ruined all of his injectors,  fuel pump, every seal in the fuel system (gas eats the rubber used in diesel fuel systems) and a bunch of other issues.   .It cost him several thousand dollars.   Warranty doesn't cover stupid. 
Rocket fuel?
well like a post i saw a week ago said, behind every sign is a story
Lacking an "American proof" sticker.
Your car takes Hamburgers. Unleaded Hamburgers.  Please refer to your manual.
VW has had a huge problem lately with customers putting gasoline in their TDI cars and then complaining the company should fix it for free under warranty. They are currently developing a new fuel tube in the car that only accepts the diesel pump. people are too stupid to pump their own fuel.
Came here to say basically this verbatim. Thank you. 
They in fact have finished developing it, got a letter from the dealership the other day telling me I can bring my car in for a free installation. 
Don't do it! I've heard people have nothing but issues that have had it done to their car.
do you know how it is different?
My understanding is it is a plastic insert that fits into the fuel filler neck.  When fueling, it goes inside the the diesel nozzle, and has holes to allow fuel to flow through.  It is too big for the smaller gas nozzle to fit around, preventing accidents.
still, saddening 
Don't worry, nothing is idiot proof. Someone is going to find a way to fuck up even with a nozzle that doesn't fit.
We're always inventing better idiots.
You know there wouldn't be that many warning labels unless some idiot had done the wrong thing and then sued them for not sufficiently warning him not to.
I can imagine that for the first warning sticker..But I have a hard time envisioning "Your honor, the manufacturer negligently sold a car with only 4 warnings that you should only used diesel...clearly, my client would not have incurred this irreparable mental anguish had there only been a 5th warning..." 
My friend actually had a gas station attendant put diesel in his gas car. 
Given the state of the legal system in the US, it would not surprise me in the slightest if an argument along those lines actually succeeded in winning damages. Hell, some people sued Nintendo because the motion-sensitive controllers slipped out of their hands and broke their tv sets. Like that's Nintendo's fault.
I'm pretty sure the lawsuit was because the strap that was supposed to guard against accidentally throwing it was woefully underengineered and broke. I know they changed the design afterward.
Redneck Millennium Falcon?
Probably hasn't traded in his virginity yet
, it was in The Atlantic 
Thanks! It's a great photo.
Everytime I go out to eat during a hot summer day, everybody I'm with except for me wants to eat outside every single time.  I like the AC when it's hot.  But I guess that's just me.
The street is called Ebenezer Place and it's found in Wick, Scotland.  It's length is 2.06 meters and its only door is the entrance to the cafe part of the Macays hotel.
... I think I'll have my hubby get the mail from now on. 
Looking to replace your husband?
Gay!
Roygpp red orange yellow green blue purple periwinkle. 
The Queen's all Roy G Biv about it!
Hot damn, her shoes so sensible.
Neat pic, but had to downvote for the black bars on the top and bottom.
I can't wait to see the look on her face in the morning when she opens the door to look at her new ....
dem hats.
Next time you take a screen shot on your iPhone 4 make sure you rotate the device to match the layout of the image..My personal belief is that anyone who posts images with that much black, empty, space is a moron. And I have seen a lot of morons on reddit.
Are you being sarcastic?
source?
Helloooo!
Day = made.
The Queen did sign it, but her signature was "merely a formality." 
Still, make a handy occasion to celebrate the passage of a historic law.  If it's being debated in Parliment who knows when it will be done?  This way you can throw a party knowing it's already been passed.
Oh, I wasn't trying to present an opinion on whether it ought to have been done that way, I just wanted to answer the questions I saw popping up in the thread. 
Its more like ROYGBVL
Wow, this is literally a screenshot on a phone of a post today
This picture again, just with black bars because it was taken from a smart-phone?.Why?
Really? . post plagiarising .?
I wasn't aware the Queen had any power regarding laws these days.
In Britain's Parliamentary Monarchy, the Parliament is analogous to the American House of Representatives, the House of Lords is analogous to the Senate, and the Monarch (Queen Elizabeth II at present) is analogous to the President.  An important distinction is that the Monarch is bound by the Westminster protocols that essentially obligate Royal ascent to all laws presented, where as the American President may veto legislation.  This concentrates power with the Prime Minister (the American analog is the House Majority Leader).
Those analogies are okay, but not great. In the US the President is both the head of government and the head of state (as well as being the commander-in-chief of the military among other things). While in the UK the PM is the head of government and the reigning monarch is the head of state. Also, the House of Lords in the UK is made up of appointed members (as well as bishops from the Church of England), while the US Senate is an elected body. While laws can be introduced into the House of Lords, the House of Lords can't stop a bill that passes the House of Commons from being signed into law (though they can force the House of Commons to make changes when they see fit)..So really the UK House of Commons is more similar to the whole of the US congress, but with the PM being the head of government which the US President does. The House of Lords is sort of a weird hybrid of the US Supreme Court and a part of the US Congress. And the King or Queen fills in the more diplomatic and formal roles of the US president..TL;DR: There are similarities in the US and UK governments, but there isn't a 1-to-1 relation between the two..Edit: It should be mentioned that the King or Queen is technically the head of state in all of the Commonwealth Realm, though she doesn't have as much power in those other countries as she does in the UK. I don't think she signs their bills into law.
In other Commonwealth countries the role of the monarch is fulfilled by an appointed representative (Governor General).
The more you know!
The elected Senate is a relatively recent development.  In practice they are not direct analogs; however, they are the best fit analogs.
I'm pretty sure that the US Senate has always been made up of elected officials..Like I said in my previous post, while the UK House of Lord and the US Senate do share some vague similarities saying that they are analogous isn't very correct. That would be like saying the pitcher in baseball and the quarterback in (US) football are analogous. Sure they both are key positions that throw a ball, but their similarities are only superficial and their differences really should be pointed out (pitchers are trying to throw a ball inside a small box in such a way that the opposing team can't hit it and potentially gain a point, and the quarterback is trying to throw the ball to a fellow team mate to advance their position closer to the end zone/goal to make it easier to gain points).
Prior to the seventeenth amendment the Senators were appointed by state legislators.  This was changed to direct citizen elections due to corruption in the appointment process.
It's just a ceremonial thing. It's not like she has a choice.
So what purpose does the royal family actually have
Same as a president. They have to sign the bill in or send it to the supreme court. if the court says its all good the president has to sign it.
That is just so amazingly wrong in so many ways. 
Thats how it works where the president is the head of state. Maybe not in america because the US gives its president too much power.
A variety of different presidential governments use a variety of different systems.  Many, however, are based on the US model with the executive branch having the power to veto legislation.  Also, in most common law nations the supreme court doesn't "pass/fail" a law upon it being signed, they wait for someone to bring a case that the law is unconstitutional.
thats what i meant.
Tradition, morale, tourism, keeping E! TV on the air.
And a bunch of money from their lands.
Yeah they own swathes of land, the profits from which all go to the state. 
Well, the crown makes money from renting the land to mining/logging/oil companies, but the companies keep the all of their profits.
One with nature.
That fog in the water really creeps me out, like a big shark is gonna pop out with jaws wide open.
Oh yeah, I'm sure this is exactly how the picture came about. Oh look there's my kid, I can breath again. Shhhh everyone, let me get a majestic picture of him so I can get Internet karma before he notices us.
You need 
Its like he's communicating with them telepathically.
what is this, facebook? keep your kids off my reddit, and my lawn. Humbug.
They look like the jellyfish off of spongebob
Well get him out of there! He could drown!
Your son is that kid from the tv show "Touch"? 
[deleted]
I wish I was a kid so I could do stuff like this without looking weird.
Thank you for sharing such a precious moment of wonder. You are an amazing parent. 
Your son's name isn't ., isn't it?
He's controlling his army of jellyfish. Soon they will be victorious and the world will be theirs.
He became a jellyfish?
Press X to Jason.
So instead of running up to see if he's alright/yell at him, you take a picture? 
Future Marine Biologist. 
I remember when I was about about 5 years old I went to Walmart with my cousin (I think he was 13-14 at the time) and my Mother. My cousin asked if he could go walk around the store while my mom shopped and me wanting to be around my cousin, asked if I could go with him and I did..Fast forward we walk over to the bike section that is pretty much in every Walmart nowadays. Once we get there my cousin decides to hop on a scooter he found and ride off with out me. Even as I say, "wait up" and struggle to get on a toddler bike to follow him. .I gave up and started wandering around this huge ass Walmart looking for my mommy. Surprisingly I went up to one of the workers by the front door and asked if he could help me find my mommy. 5 minutes later we found her..Needless to say I told this story to my mom when I was about 10 years old and she started crying because she could of "lost" me :(.
This is a great pic. 
Daddy... they're so shiny!.my 4 y/o will spend hours in front of the silverfish tank if we let him.
Is your son Brick from The Middle?
Don't touch the glass!
its the simple things, really
Damn shark, didn't see it at first.
They're baaack...
You must be one of those people that thinks people care about your childs "wild" stories. 
frame that.
JASON... JASOOOOOON.... JASON? JASOOOOON! 
I got the 4 and 7 mixed up and I was so confused because I was like "you're kid big for a 4 year old." Glad ya found him though. 
thats a gorgeous photo
Twist: he's on the other side of the glass.
Still waiting on the dark and edgy aquaman reboot
keep better track of your children dude, wtf
Press x to jason.
Reddit has become the "make up a bullshit title" capital of the internet. 
Get your hands off the glass. Other people want to see the creatures without looking through smudgy fingerprints.
Seriously I painstakingly clean my glass with a custom mixture of chemicals to get it absolutely clear. Then I make sure to never touch the glass. Whats the first thing people do when they come over... touch the fucking glass..Edit: Example of how 
Wow that looks great. You must be from .. I love browsing that sub. It's definitely a hobby I want to get in to when i have money and space.
You're going to have an aneurysm if you get a windows 8 laptop.
Why can't people just go like "My son at the aquarium" without the extra bullshit? 
Cause the knights of new don't permit lame titles to escape downvote hell 
Took the words right out of my mouth.  

That's pretty cool.  Thx
Pretty cool? . .Step up your compliment game, son.
K cool thx
Got my son to pose for pic at aquarium you mean...
is there a group of people more cynical then reddiors?
Brits.
I am British old boy...
British redditors..We're . cynical.



*than
 
 
Hey dad, I...no no no son! You get the fuck back over there! I swear to god if I don't see some wonderment I'll beat your ass
Putting him to work already. Hollywood here we come!
That kid came out of a vagina?! It's huge!
Awww! So cute! Congrats :)
Congrats!
Thank you all.
He's actually a month early lol. 5 lbs 2oz by c section
My twins boys were also a month early 35 weeks an weight about 4 and a half oz. I would suggest .. Congratulations!
Warning: babies poop --- a lot
Congrats and good luck. 
That's sweet your first post a new baby and soon after its first poop
Welcome to reddit where you can get your daily facebook fill without having to go to facebook
something something bout the baby being OP and something is new and addative..
Dear Facebook,.Look at this child..Sincerely,.hanniballickder29
Congratulations, beautiful baby.

Imagine what reddit would be like if everyone who had a baby posted their picture's here?
Then Reddit might have to change their name. Maybe something like Visage Tome or Semblance Publication...
I thought that was what Reddit is for. Am I missing something? 
Usually I complain about that this should be on Facebook or that nobody here knows the person or cares. Your response is way better and more effective. I'm going to use that from now on.
Did you get timed?
Should have...but no...bad thing is he was fresh off of finishing a half marathon and training for a 15k whereas I was more into biking at the time. Strained both quads lol.
A see a cool project waiting to happen.  Maybe turn it into a portable PS3 or something fun like that.
I haven't seen the Gateway cow print in a while....
Can it handle Crysis?
Even though she probably doesn't know its outdated x 10. That was nice of her.
does it have a serial port?
Rolf? Is that you?
I wish I was a time traveling super cool dude
Would somebody photoshop in an iphone please?
Is Hope as nice as she seems?
The edge of the hair seems so photoshopped, I am not sure if it is the perspective or what, cool pic though
Not photoshopped she is that precise. It was a national thing and she's one of the best
Wow- I would not have guessed that was you.  Even looking close-up:  nada.  
She really is I have been working with her for years. Hope Doms best hair dresser in the world! 
disappointing "hitachi"...
I want to drift there
Japan, go home. You're drunk.
"Hitachi" had me thinking this was a risky click...
But does it vibrate?
I shall make a thneed!
And so The Lorax begins
"I speak for the trees!"
He was a fancy fella 
Not even mad.
You'll find help here: . (they encourage you to try it yourself before requesting something, though).
I guess I missed that thread, but you should definitely read "The Alchemist" 
Bill Brysons book 'Home' is great too! infact all of his books are. 
Catch 22 is still one of my alltime favorites.
Precious!
Just too cute!  Enjoy your life together!
Same thing happened when I was a kid. I was laying in the floor watching tv. Heard a cracking noise. Literally had to dodge the falling plaster
So what ended up happening? Did something fall in the attic or something?
There is no room above it, just the roof. It's been leaking for years. It was only a matter of time. When it rained, we sometimes had to put a bowl on the couch. Very hillbilly.
Just was dropping by
Stop fucking so hard.
I wish. I was just laying in bed reading Reddit when I heard the crash!
Stop fapping so hard.
Time to go back to bed.
That's cheesy
Ebay awaits you Sir.
I'd love to see that video..Edit: ..
Looks like Thomas Bjorn is an asshole.
Nice find!
*not always sunny.
YOU'RE REALLY KINDA PRETTY
Awwww 
Pretty?
Not paying attention while walking and texting? That's evolution waiting to happen.
Slowly but surely, my spidey senses are evolving. I mean had something not told me to look up I'd be.....

Hole-y shit indeed
Here in So. Cal. the bears at times roam down from the foothills.  A big ass bear was walking down a narrow alley and some dude texting walking in opposite direction just about shit his pants when he finally looked up and was 50 feet from this thing.  Made for a great video.  Too bad there wasn't any audio to hear his little girl scream as he turned and ran the other way.  Of course that's the last thing you're supposed to do is run but maybe he was wearing a bacon necklace......
That's really heart-warming. I missed the original post but this is still a really awesome story.
sending love to you and your grandmother! get well soon!!!
my postcard is on the way!
I hope she gets better soon!
Thanks again to all of you who sent cards. She really perks up when I tell her she has a bunch of mail. Yesterday I received a card with $5 in it so I could go grab her some Tim Horton's. When I told her this morning she had a Boston Cream donut and some TimBits for breakfast, she got very excited. I hadn't seen her get out of bed that fast in a while! .Thank you again for all your kind words, encouragement, and awesome cards. Its so heart warming and wonderful to see her smile. We are all looking forward to the ones still to come! .EDIT: 
Or walk back to the house and sleep in a real bed.  By the looks of the picket fence, the house should be there somewhere.  LOL.
Don't cry. You can still get in!  
True. And if you want an easy fix, uproot 3 of the corner stakes and rotate the tent. Then restake the tent. You got this. :)
SMART YOU ARE!
You could cut down the tree...
Is ''the garden'' what you affectionate call your ass? .RE: Facial expression.
You look like you pulled it out of somewhere else.
Did you feed that thing meat?
Carry it to the store in a sling and buy a box of condoms. Then snap a pic of the cashier's face.
 jesus christ! 
Phallic squash is phallic
That's... intimidating.
I like to imagine that this is a normal sized vegetable, and that OP is just a really small dude. 
I did lose a cat a few weeks ago..
Did... Only part of you make it home?
I can't ever come up with anything of my own so I created this from things I found here and Deviantart.
This will haunt my nightmares, but very good quality otherwise.

That ruined my nap.
Yeah....NOPE.  Like that little helmet's going to save his ass in a fall.  Nice view though!
I'm guessing Taxi Driver.  I recall there was a street musician with a wig like that playing drums.
Howard's Haircut?
I don't get it.....if you make a shot, what does the other team have to drink?
Yeah, but each of those cans is full of beer. Have fun chugging that.
Look up "bearpong"; you're welcome.
OP telling the truth?  That's an upvote.
So, now the question is, 
In his pop tarts.
No need to go on Maury. Also it msy be a green lace wing.
Upvote for honesty!
I recently inherited a big bunch of old/ancient coins that look very similar to the ones you've posted... Any idea where I can find someone who can evaluate and tell me their worth?
I've always been collecting coins since I was a kid and my grandmother gifted me a big bunch that my late grandfather had stored. I just have no idea how important/relevant/legitimate they are.
Do you know what the image on the back of the first coin (Julius Caesar AR Denarius, 49 BC, Military issue) is? 
Very cool!.If you don't mind my asking, what are all of these worth?
thats cool! metal detector?
 is such a cool hobby..I once knew an . who was using ancient coins to investigate the Star of Bethlehem.
Where on earth did you get these?
What kind of metal are these made of?
Oh god don't show me these, I used to have bunches of roman coins when i was a kid.  Would spend time around what used to be roman camps and they weren't hard to find and the local gift shops sold them for 50p or something that stupid.  .Why do I tell you not to show me these?  Because I gave mine away.  GAVE THEM AWAY!!!  never occured to me that they'd have some value!!
Yep I admit this to being one of my idiot mistakes.  Just like giving away the really early Superman and the like American comic books that my Uncle gave me.  Again didn't know what I had.
Where does one go about getting coins like this?
I've always wanted to own at least a couple of ancient coins because they aren't terribly expensive and yet the idea that they have been in the hands of perhaps millions of people throughout history...thinking of the stories they could tell is just fascinating!.HOWEVER, I've read that academics really dislike the trade because coins are often the most important (easy to date) finds during excavations and are also typically the first things to be pilfered.  .Not trying to be Debby Downer, but do you buy coins that are certified?  Is that still a serious concern?.FWIW, I'll check into r/AncientCoins.
It's a collection of "priestly implements," a simpulum, sprinkler, axe and priest's hat.  It symbolized Julius Caesar's position as Pontifex Maximus, I believe.
 This

Oh wow, I actually would have assumed some of them were worth over $1,000 at least. Is this just due to the quality? For something so old to still exist in that type of condition I'd think they're highly regarded... But then again I know nothing about coins.
Quality and rarity are the two major determinants -- most of mine are in decent shape, but not excellent shape.  Also, none of the coins that I posted are considered "rare" in the ancient coin world, but that doesn't mean that they aren't really cool!  
i envy you! great collection!
Ah I see. Rare or not they are awesome pieces of history to own!
If you post some pictures I can try to help you out!
I wish!  I've bought these from dealers / at auction over the past 5 years or so.
The first 6 are silver (AR = latin for Argentum, silver), and the last one is gold (AU = latin for aurum, gold).  .The two antoninianii are very debased (30% or so) silver, however, since they were minted during an era of huge inflation.  The other silver ones are much more pure.
It's . time to shine..Spread the love to the smaller subs!.Quick Shout Out - 
it's the andros island in the Bahamas! 
Is this Barbados?
Where was this photo taken?
That's really cool..More of this!
Wow, this is really beautiful. 
What the fuck is going on at B3?
Taxiway Bravo 3?  Where do you see that in this pic?
Where the fuck do you live where it's -20 and why are you still there?
Props for trying. Many wouldn't. Nice to know there are still humans who care, out there. 
I had a similar experience with a baby crow on a golf course. As it turns out, the humane thing would have been to whack his head off with a golf club. Nobody wanted to have anything to do with the thing.
I found this sweet baby bun in a mall parking lot. Hundreds of people walked by him and either didn't notice him or didn't care. I realized his leg was broken right away, he wasn't hopping around with his very active sibling. The leg was also covered in flies and sitting at a weird angle. Upon further inspection, it was almost completely detached from his body, you could see all his joints and bones, and he was bleeding. I walked back to the mall and asked for a box. I tried calling animal control, wildlife rehabilitation and the humane society, but their offices were closed. I didn't want to leave the bunny there, but I don't have a car, so I walked him down a mile in the box over to the nearest 24 hour emergency vet, where they told me the extent of the injury was too severe, and he'd likely just get euthanized. I feel so sad and terrible.
You did all you could. Hero's can't win them all unfortunately... The bunny was probably in a lot of pain, it's good that his suffering came to an end. It's so sad, he's so little... life's so short.
Euthanasia was a much better option than the slow painful death he was going to suffer. You are a hero to that little bunny and anyone else who cares about animals, thank you for helping him.
You sir, are a hero..Know this, if I had Reddit gold... You would too.
So unique.............What ever happened to real emotion and honest moments? Photos like these are just a reminder how superficial people are. 
He is a lucky man
I could keep going.   .  

Yeah, how original.
what an unique idea!
There's so much anger in these.
u have a nice messy style. What are u ganna do with your life after school?
do u think they saw ur peener?
I certainly hope not...seeing as I am a girl
You bring your phone/camera with you when you take baths? Quite a dangerous life you're living
Yeah, I'm pretty extreme like that. .But really, I had music playing next to the tub
May be a stupid question but have you tried locking your door
Lol, we are renovating at the moment....the bathroom hasn't got a door :/
I like how the gas line is almost in the sparks and flames
It's a GSA safe, so it could potentially have some secrets. My job is it sit here all day and wait for this sucker to pop open. 
that's not a plasma cutter. that's an oxyacetylene cutting torch
Now thats the ugliest dam bong ive ever seen.
Upvote for "Clerks" reference.
Could put a mask on when using a plasma cutter so I don't have to haul your soon to be blind ass to the ER?
It's a filing cabinet....
and by "safe" you really mean "filing cabinet"
Nice glasses
looks like an acetylene torch
Just uploaded the update to our progress, it's about 2 inches of layered concrete and steel.  
At least somebody is going to open a safe....
Looks like a filing cabinet to me
"Filing cabinet" is open:
. 
Locks like a filing cabinet as well.
I concur, that's a filing cabinet
It looks to be a Friesian - on my list of things I must own when my kids move out and I again have money, along with an Andalusian and a Gypsy Vanner
It's like a black version of the horse from Tangled. 
Yup. Almost
I am assuming this guy got his ass beat right after this happened right? I feel like any guy who had witnessed that should have done that like instantly.
what was she wearing?
Did he just hit you once? 
I'm so confused...
Feminists are ok with profiling all men as potential rapists.Feminists are NOT ok with profiling all black men as potential criminals
What's that got to do with it? 
So... all men are pigs?
Thats why this is getting downvoted, feminists suck ass.
So, yea you're a pig. No worries mate.
Unless he pulls a Zimmmerman and claims self defense
His mother must be SO proud....
Your title implies that the woman's injuries are the result of her refusing a man's advances. I don't understand why you would post this with a title that basically says it's her fault for telling him no. 
I did re-read that and yes I could have posted differently. But I do not feel like reposting with a different title. 
A guy hit her with a cocktail glass because she wouldn't pay attention to him and he took it personally. 
Thanks, that fucking sucks for her. Hope that guy got his due.
The guy was arrested on the scene.....
Well that's good then.
you showed her, 
Why is it a picture of a girl with her face beat in instead of a picture of a guy with his face beat in? I call BS.
Nope just the guy who did this and those guys who can't take No for an answer. By the way I am a guy......
A quick blast of pepper spray and a shot to the nuts could have saved a lot of face............
Yes if it happened in any 90's movie scene.
Your title also makes it sound like this is what happens to ANY girl when ANY guy refuses to take no for an answer.  That's very misleading as well.
A guy at a club who "won't take no for an answer" is definitely a pig.
I take it the encounter was very much like this post in the civility and depth of its intentions to communicate truthfully and sincerely.
How did you come to this conclusion (mind you I don't read ALL the comments...). The title clearly states this is when A (as in ONE, singular) guy can't take no for an answer, so where does this factor in the entire male species?
when I say A car is a vehicle for transporting people, do I mean one car, or do I mean all cars?
What do all battered woman have in common?.They just don't listen
victim blaming
Dont worry, hes not going to have a very good entire rest of his life.
My first thoughts exactly.
What the fuck do you mean? Do you want him to go beat up some guy and then post pictures of it so that you guys can feel oppressed? Jesus, it happened to a girl, and that's all there is to it. Stop trying to add social sexism problems to things that don't involve that.
This is so disturbing. I'm really sorry for your friend and hope she heals well. She better sue the shit out of that douche bag.
Hopefully, he'll end up in prison. Won't be able to say no as he's getting his netherhole violated by MS-13.
 is probably down voting it because it demonizes all men. I upvoted it though. Violence is violence no matter who does it, and then we have assholes like the guy who hurt your friend, setting an awful example of the behavior of men.
I hope she does get justice for her injuries, and this douche who hit her is likely going to claim he was drunk and couldn't control himslef, or some shit. But it won't help him with the judge and jury anyways, and she'll get to see him go down, to the house of boys and men who wear orange.
They don't give you a chance to say "NO" there, but they will break your nose (just for kicks).
That's fucking not alright, at all.
this is happens when THAT guy refuses to take no for an answer.
Bingo
Yeah, but isn't any guy who "refuses to take no for an answer" THAT guy?
So many assholes on this planet.
True that. 
Several OP posts are getting downvoted...why?  Is the truth not good enough? What the fuck is wrong with people on this post?  The girl got hurt, it was posted, the asshole guy got arrested (thank god), and yet, people are somehow not satisfied?  Oh, and most of the grammar here, blows.  Just sayin...
Because the post was written borderline unintelligibly, because there is no explanation about what happened or the aftermath, because there are no links to the news story, because he has a bad attitude.
I guess people would much rather see funny meme's or something political. 
The guy should spend 20 years with lifers on Death Row at Pelican Bay Prison in California. He'll learn a lesson on no there. 
YOu can call BS if you would like but she was hit in the face with a cocktail glass by a guy. 
The girl is a friend of mine who got hit with a cocktail glass in her face by a guy that would not leave her alone at the club. 
I think the reactions of people on this thread are more evidence that we need awareness about issues like these. Many don't want to think it happens but I've definitely had guys get threatening, even violent, when rejected. Other girls I know have as well. I'm sorry for your friend that it ended so traumatically..Please tell her that I'll be thinking of her!
I agree.....the ignorance of people and not wanting to accept that this happens in real life bothers me. People's egos need to be knocked down a few pegs and when a woman rejects you that is her right to do so. 
The denial is very strong in the American populace.
Such a good comment
Proof or you're a feminist.
wtf does that even mean?."If you don't provide proof you're one of those people that wants equal treatment for women!" How terrible.
What kind of proof would you like?
Proof that these events were a transpirin' the way you say.
Because violence on women is such a rare thing?.You have a witness and a photo.   That's a pretty good start.
Well Mr. McHater believe me or not.....it was my friend and I saw the post. 
My curiousity is satisfied..I shall upvote this thread.
Thank you sir. I do appreciate it. 
The guy a the club kept putting his hands all over her and would not take no for an answer and when she told him to eff off and she walked away he followed her and hit her with the cocktail glass in the face. This is not a selfie this is someone who I consider practically family. This happened last night and I made this post to create awareness. 
Did you call the cops? Did the guy get arrested? Are you going to press charges?
Again, why would people downvote the truth?  Fuckin retards.  I'm glad the girl is ok, for the most part.  She should have a plastic surgeon make sure those stitches are good, if she hasn't already.  
Lip ring?  Tattoos? Skank was practically begging for it.
I expect better of you, Dylan.
The guy got arrested yes this is a friend of mine.
Please tell your friend that we non-douchebag dudes, the ones who don't think it's our right to grope a woman just because she's on the dance floor and who call it a night when a woman says no, hope for her speedy recovery. She's a beautiful young lady and before long I'm sure she'll look like it never happened.
The injury appears to be from two separate elements.  The first manifests as the main cut that appears on the right side of the face from the inner eye and having an edge.  Appearance indicates a single action that bypassed the fleshy part and cartilage of the nose, unlike a punch that would hit the nose..
This injury was not done with a fist.  The angular cut under the eye is indicative of a solid object..My guess is that she was wearing eye glasses or sunglasses and was in a vehicle accident where her face struck the dashboard.  The eyeglasses were displaced and driven into the face, which provided the cuts on nose bridge and under eye.  The dashboard or vehicle body struck on the mouth but mainly on the chin, providing the symmetrical 'burst' pattern to either side of the chin that indicates the chin was met mostly straight forward with a solid object..just my guess.
Impressive, upvote for you.
Very Dexter-y of you. Impressive.
sounds like a more plausible explanation. Upvoting this.
She was hit in the face with a cocktail glass by a guy.
Thank you for more info, that clears up the solid object with sharp edges. I'm very glad to see that he was arrested, and I hope your friend receives recompense and recovers.  
I hope so as well. 29 stitches in her face and 9 on her chest.

It's not a selfie.
This is a terrible novelty account and you should be ashamed of yourself for creating, let alone posting with it. For every supposed fraud you may expose you do a world of damage to every true victim.
What the heck are you talking about? I should be ashamed of creating and posting this why? I am not a fraud and this is a personal friend of mine who got hurt.....you should be ashamed for saying what you did. 
Heresy is correct. 
I think he/she was talking about the novelty account that made a "sob story cheklist" not yours.   =)
SwampJieux was talking about the obscene sob_story_checklist post above, not your OP.And for the record (although it goes without saying, bloody awful what happened to your friend)
Oh I am very sorry.....
Cheers to you mate, for your "aint even mad" attitude here.
And Cheers to OP, you gotta know that this kinda post is a negative Karma train, but you posted it anyway.
One thing I think that all of the "anti-feminist" types  don't realize is that there really are only two camps to be in. If you look at things in a historical context anyway. How do you wanna be remembered? Have you ever listened to the things that are coming out of your mouths and keyboards and asked yourself: Do I sound like one of those "only kinda racist" people who attended anti voting rallys in 1960's Alabama? (you know the ones I mean from the news reels).It's all well and good to be totally in favor of historical luminaries such as martin Luther King Jr. after the fact, because history has proved them right. But even if you think that you would have agreed and supported then, what if MLK hadn't shown up? Would you have had the strength of character to support someone like, say, Malcolm X? Even if his message wasn't as "perfect" as MLK, in the absence of perfect progressiveness, I think we MUST be strong in our support of people who push back against darkness. I know that saying this stuff makes me a socialist/communist/faggot and that's fine. cause while I may not agree with everything that a feminist/human rights advocate/gay rights champion/etc says, I do not want to be remembered as someone who STOOD AGAINST those things. Everyday is a day to take sides whether you know it or not.  
Charles Manson?
They could have gotten her better tickets
The captions on these pictures are gold.
I see a very happy Michael Myers
GLUE IT. Elmers glue dries see through. Just layer it ontop. That's what I do with my puzzles cause im cool.

Nice work! & Nice shirt, OP!
Now do it flipped over, nothing but back.
all I see is the Behemoth - Demigod tee
It would be a shame if you accidentally spilled something on it...
Ohh, its a donkey
I recognise that jersey! 
Glue it to a large peice of paper and hang it.Edit: posted this comment THEN scrolled down and saw someone already posted it. 
Go Sens go! 
You must not have any cats.
Go Sens!!!
This is just awsome, great work :)
how much did this bad boy cost? a 5000 piece costs like 60 bucks!
Chris Neil?
I just saw the same graphic from the finished puzzle, as a florescent light cover at a Women's Clinic!
Ottawa Senators... Ugh. 
In the first photo, I did a double take because I thought he was doing some weird handstand on the table. 
do want!!
Looks like my outside of my 6th grade trapper keeper.
Wait so you mean it wasn't one puzzle but 4 puzzles that fit together?
Go sens go 
Now what happens?
that is really, really cool.
Amazing. And normally I'm not excited by the images on puzzles, but this one is awesome.
That is huge! I mean the puzzle!
My cat would love to jump all over that. Unfortunately this is the reason I cannot do puzzles.
Finding those corner pieces pieces must have been a nightmare.
GO SENS GO
You risked putting a drink with ice on the board you were using for the puzzle? Very daring. 
I'd be worried of either spilling it or the water ring left by the glass. Wet puzzle pieces are no good. 
Maybe your tears from Alfredsson's departure can.....I got nothing. Sens suck. Go Leafs Go.
I wish I had the time to do that! I love puzzles! 
lol @ "el Puzzle" it should be "el rompecabezas"
why.
Go Sens Go!!
sorry if this is already posted but... you missed a piece...
Well he had to do something with those long Ottawa off-seasons while other teams are competing for the cup.
Great shirt eh? I love it
How is the ex Redliners thug doing these days?

Ahaha, As if someone made that connection on reddit. .My e-thugging days are long behind me. Got a Master's degree, living in the GTA and working. .Sens still suck. 
You are consistent, with your Ottawa hate, I'll give you that.
I don't forget that username, a RL legend. Good job, best of luck.
...says the person in reddit.
I've used puzzle glue before I didn't know you could just use Elmers glue. Does it come out alright.
I'm sure it's not as nice as puzzle glue... lol. But when I did it, it came out clear!
Put a coat of clear glue over it and slide that thing into a frame XD

LOL ,
Who do you think you are? WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?????????????.I hope you get cancer and die a slow and painful death, you are truly a piece of shit human being.
Jajaja! I can't believe I didn't catch that! 
are you a jew
I've used puzzle glue before I didn't know you could just use Elmers glue. Does it come out alright.
Go outside.
One day I will have the motivation to tackle this insane puzzle..The 1000 Piece Japanese . micro piece puzzle. All white on both sides.
Cool stuff OP, I'm glad you didn't get all the way to the end and find out you were missing a piece, that would have sucked.
The guy designing this puzzle must have been tripping like you would not believe.
The largest puzzle in the world nowadays is .!.I should get my mother a huge puzzle :D
Solid colors and white borders everywhere... Fuck that shit...
Consider it a challenge :P
1 month after starting, "Finally, done. Time to pack it up again!"
I can't imagine trying this with pets around..One of my cats gets offended when there are items on the table.  Any item.
So it's really 4x6,000 piece puzzles? Or were the bags mixed?
 has been on my wish list for years
I would fucking shoot someone if one piece was missing (If more pieces were missing it would actually annoy me less, but one. One fucking piece! 
Made by Educa Borras in Spain. I used to work for the US distributor of their puzzles. We sold tons of them, but ive never seen one put together. Congratulations.
I should buy one of these for my girlfriend, she gets excited about your standard 1500 piece puzzle. Her mind would be blown with this one.
"Ya know Greg, with all that time you waste on the Reddits, you could be doing something .!"
I once claimed that there was no way you could talk about jigsaw puzzles and still appear interesting. I guess I was wrong.
I would just like to say, that puzzle's picture is majestic as FUCK. Like, whoa.
I'd put a shallow wooden frame around the whole thing, and then cover it in a thin layer of clear resin.
If only it said,"Now go outside."
I'm highly disappointed in this "puzzle.".Looks like it is multiple panels, one bag per..That's 4 6,000 piece puzzles, not 1 24,000 piece puzzle.
Get some resin on that
This has made me want to puzzle. I may pick up a small 1000 piece later this week and get busy, puzzles rock.
Only thing I noticed in the picture: YAY SENS!
I love puzzles. I haven't done any in a while, but I've done about 4 1000 piece puzzles in the past few months, along with a few smaller puzzles. .What annoys me is that other people can't appreciate the puzzle when it's finished. I finished one puzzle and my brothers were like, "So, are you gonna take it apart?" I have to leave it out for at least a week. I must appreciate my hard work. 
Puzzle etiquette clearly states that all participants must have a finger on the final piece as it is placed in the puzzle. Your friend was supposed to share the honor!
Did the saying 'the first two pieces are always the hardest' apply here?
For a second I thought it was a lego puzzle and almost came. :(
That is really a beautiful puzzle.
Looking at pictures of people putting a puzzle together. Where did my life go wrong?
Now, all they need is a good sealer...
Here's a projective image transformation of the last pic:
 sells this puzzle for $264.05 & FREE Shipping..But if you think 24,000 pieces is for pussies, then maybe try .?  Apparently, this puzzle weighs 42 lbs and comes with its own hand truck.
What is a hand truck?
And a lot of the pieces are just pure monochrome.
Also known colloquially as a dolly.
or a hand cart.
Imagine getting to the end and realizing you only had 23,999 pieces. 
He needs to wax it into the floor to save it haha. That's crazy dedication.
But...would they use a sealant? :D
This is my hell. 
As a puzzle lover I am thoroughly impressed. Your friend is one committed individual. 
dude: "Here's the last piece! woohoo its done.".[pause].dude 2: "Now what do we do with it?".......................
The last time I tried to do a puzzle, my cat ruined it. He's an asshole.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
Here's a picture for you!

this makes me sad
I like that it takes every common puzzle theme and combines it into one. The only thing that could make this harder, IMO, is if it were a 
My dad was telling me he once did a 5,000 piece puzzle - all red. Insane.
WHOA! How about a spoiler alert?!?
I used to have a shower curtain with the exact same Atlantis picture in that puzzle! 
Well, what is he going to do with it now that it is put together? Hang it or put it back in bags?
Go Sens!
really nice work, but 
We have this completed puzzle hanging in the Huntsman Cancer Hospital. Was it from you guys?
All I got from this is that its apparently called a puzzle in every language. 
I was clicking through the pictures and the first picture came up again without me realizing I'd seen the last picture yet. I nearly had a heart attack like, "WHY DID HE JUST PUT IT ALL BACK IN THE BOX?!"
Havent really ever seen a bunch of bros getting together to do a puzzle, pretty cool stuff, better than my friends who just stare at their phone all day.
Hey Op what did he do with it after you guys finished it? Hang to a wall?
That's one behemoth of a puzzle! Also, nice t-shirt.
TIL If you want to trick a guy into hanging up a giant Lisa Frank mural, just give it to him as a puzzle.
Now make a glass dinning table and put it inside!
I personally would spray that thing with something to make it hard and put it on the wall. that is some cool shit man. A definite conversation piece to say the least.
I would have stolen a piece, then given it to him for his birthday. Friends for life.
I would love to see something like this in a museum with a detailed info card.
What was done with it after? Did they glue it together to keep or disassemble it?
BTW, it's called the horse head nebula.
Where do you even get something like that?!
Asks the man on the Internet. 
ya, evidently google needs to increase their advertising budget to get the word out
Here: .
Also these are interesting puzzles: 
Those liberty puzzles are awesome. Thanks for that link. 
We should totally buy a bar!!! Our bar would be awesome... And dude, dude, dude, dude... the name of our bar... ...
People will be, like, "Why is it called Puzzles?".
Nice jersey! Go Sens!
How long did this take?
BEER
PONG
TABLE
I read this in the cadence of, 'Juke-box-hero'.  
With stars in his eyes!
I believe it took him 9 months to complete everything. It would take around 6-7 hours to sort each bag and about 150 hours per bag to assemble.
So what are they going to do with it?  What can they do with it?  Is it possible to somehow hang it up on a wall or something
Any puzzle I've ever done and wanted to preserve to hang on a wall I've mixed Elmer's Glue and water into this goopy substance and painted it on the back of the puzzle. Really seals it all together. 
Shellac it. 
This  guy obviously doesn't have cats.
The damn cat is the only reason why I don't put together puzzles anymore
Did each bag of 6,000 create its own image and then you put the 4 panels together or did they sperate it like that to make it easier to ship?
That's my question, too.
Each bag was it's own image. So really they did 4 - 6,000 piece puzzles and put them together. 
Some of the comments on the pictures suggests it was 4 separate sections, 1 per bag, that all came together ("This was the final of the 4 bags and boy was this easily the hardest part of the puzzle to complete", "the puzzle on 4 different pieces of wood, 1 per bag")..So while still impressive, it's really more like completing 4 x 6000 piece puzzles.  Impressive, yes, but actually only a fraction of the difficulty of completing a single puzzle of 24000 mixed pieces. 
The four 6000 piece puzzles are the easy part. Putting the huge 4 piece puzzle together at the end is the part that'll really get you.
That's what I figured. I couldn't imagine doing a 24,000 piece puzzle it would take years of dedication
Yep this is correct. However there are some people who have managed to mix all 4 bags together and do the 24,000 piece puzzle in it's entirety. I think only a handful of people in the world have done this though. My friend was debating doing that as well, but he had his eyes set on the 32,000 piece one as well.
Still impressive, but its basically (4) 6000 piece puzzles then
thanks for Alfredsson :)
"Ah, just finished the World's Largest Puzzle.  Next I guess I'll do the one that is 25% bigger."
Yeah, what's up with that? What's . the biggest puzzle in the world? 

It's no worse than doing a puzzle upside down.
Life.
 looks like an absolute nightmare
I saw a puzzle that's actually all white with no pictures and thought to myself who would subject themselves to that
I once considered buying a 1000 piece puzzle that was the cover of the Beatles white album. So all white save for a few spaces. I was going to hang it on my wall to show not only my love for the Beatles, but also my dominance at puzzles. I decided I wasn't actually that dominant at puzzles.
Can you get a link for this? I think my dad would love it for his birthday. 
I couldn't find the exact puzzle, but I found a .. This one has 500 pieces and two sides, so you can decide to do the easy side or the hard side..The one I found was at one of those puzzle/game kiosks they set up in malls around Christmas time.

Why is there a restriction at the age of 99?
the white borders in between stuff and the fact that everything there doesn't have any shading, who would subject themselves to this?!
No, . is truly the darkest of nightmares
As bad as . (Jenga)
I don't understand.. He made the puzzle by hand but then also DID the puzzle again? So essentially he printed a bunch of photos on some plywood, chopped it up and put it back together?
Good news! He got it back together in a couple weeks with volunteers:

That's just crushing
I'm puzzled that there has been no phun responses yet.
A group of guys go into a bar, order in a few rounds, shots, the works and having a right old time. The barman goes over and sees what the celebration is.."We just completed a jigsaw puzzle and it only took us 2 months!" replies one of the men..
"Two months to complete a jigsaw puzzle, and you're celebrating that? you must be daft".
"Ah but the box said 6-8 years."
I just realized that I had no idea why they are called ". puzzles" until right now.
I'm really pleasantly shocked to not see this as a blonde joke.
Glue it all together and hang it up 
Break it all down and put it back in the box. We're done here.
that's what my So with here 1K/3K puzzles does. I don't understand anything about this.
Yes, like the Buddhist mandalas..Reflect on the impermanence of all things.
why would you want a tacky piece of shit on your wall
Gotta at least admire this guy to sticking to his guns and not deleting his post. Jigsaws admittedly aren't a creative piece of art or skill - they're just brute force labour.
Your name looks familiar..Yes, I remember you posting this same stupid shit on another post.
agree with you.Edit: Getting downvoted for agreeing that i wouldn't put it on my wall. gotta love reddit! 
You were agreeing that it's a tacky piece of shit, which is a rude way to say it and not necessary.  
ahhhh i see... Thanks for the clarification 
It's not rude, it's honest.  It really is a tacky peice of shit.
But that is rude, and honest. Its both. 
Also "agree with you" doesn't add anything, you're basically just saying you uovoted.
Remind me not to put you on my wall then.
How has autism affected your life?

Eh it's affected it a bit. I'm glad that I'm not a incompetent cunt like some people out there tho.
I really hope this person is not a mother of three.  Those children must be monsters.  .I can't remember what the commercial was for, but i bet her kids must be like the ones in the commercials for the lack of art in schools where the kids see art and think it's trash and throw it out.
I'm pretty sure I got into an argument with mother of three about her drunk driving regularly. If she is a mother of three, those poor kids won't have a mother soon. And their mom's a bitch. 
I'm more amazed that there were no pieces lost.
If there was, it would've been under his daughters eyelid. 
He obviously doesn't have cats.
My grandmother did puzzles this size all the time before she passed away. If she ended up with a missing piece she had to count down and across to find the spot and mail the company for a replacement. Once she had to send a letter all the way to Spain and her counting had been off. She ended up with the wrong piece and had to write again. 
Educa is a pretty amazing company - they will replace pieces for you if they still make the puzzle and can get that piece.  Just fill out . row/column and they'll ship it, up to 16 pieces  
I did a measly 5K puzzle and lost a piece. Can confirm.
Day 40: sections 1, 3, and 4 complete.  Section 2...missing a piece?  GOD FUCKING DAMNIT!!
pretty sure Curious George ate it
Sometimes I look at people's usernames and ask myself what they were thinking about when they chose said username. This time, I'm not even going to ask myself that question.
Jimmy Carr joke:
"How do you make a gay fuck a woman? Shit in her cunt."
But gay men douche before they get fucked :o  
I hate to break it to you...
Oh god is there still shit? I was told there wouldn't be shit.
Well honestly I don't speak from experience...   But I've read a lot of AskReddit and while you're probably right some of the time, certainly not all the time..Also I would like to add that I just went looking for the thread I'm remembering, and I just searched . for 'gay men poop'.  Then I questioned my life.
Shouldnt go ass to vagina
That America is the best damn country in the world.
[deleted]
....I think he was talking about SHIT_IN_YOUR_CUNT.
He was totally talking to SHIT_IN_YOUR_CUNT.  Your name is as average as most..Also, that puzzle is fucking badass.  Cudos
It's kind of self-explanatory, really.
This would be quicker than an apple store. I have stood around for 20 minutes before holding an item I want to purchase waiting for someone to be available to check me out.
Why tie up a human salesperson when people just want to walk up and grab one? Japan has been doing this for a long time.
Yeah I agree, but this vending machine was In a Macy's.. not even close to a store that would sell iPads. 
It's a sovereign principality. .Source: sealandgov.org
Theres a shop behind my house two streets down and they do glass work. They have a garbage bin, or some sort of mechanical bin, that caught on fire and created this huge smoke cloud..Edit: photo -- .   
This one actually made me laugh, did you take the picture or find it somewhere? 
I took it. I am a dental nurse. One of the other dentists and nurse did this to our surgery while we were on lunch. 
I have never, ever seen the milky way. How dark does it have to be before it shows up?
I would say about 30 km away from the nearest big town/city/suburb. It isn't as well defined as what comes out of the camera. .To the naked eye I would say it's about 10-20% of the image without colour. It looks like a white cloud that stretches across the sky.
You should report the bug directly to the App Store. .Also, what's the name of the welding app anyway? I can't find it.
I see we thought through every part of this plan.
why?
He must have rocketballz
"Will you marry me?"."No fuck you Gary! You were supposed to take a one-stroke penalty on the 9th hole. THAT WASN'T A FREE DROP!"
he should really have taken off his hat first.
Michelle Obama? 
this is my nightmare!
Is that Woods and the bad guy from Happy Gilmore? ."I eat pieces of shit like you for breakfast"
That doesn't look like a yes.
Ah saint andrews i see
Is that a bat in the background?
Someone dropped a head cover

Unicorn Tomato, meet 
Someone should make a teapot of it...
Kinda looks like a guy waving haha
That's why she is happy to see you :)
Source - 
Source? What's happening?
G20 protest 
I miss my Salad Cream on Chips.  
"Salad Cream"
Thank you, but no.
what does it taste like? i assume salty and regretful. 
Actually it's really good.  .It's hard to describe,  almost a very mildy mustardy miracle whip I'd say. .It's really a British favorite salad dressing, but on Chips (or steak fries for my American friends) it's to die for.
you lost me at miracle whip. 
Ok number one. Where are you from so I can tailor my answer to you lol..Miracle Whip, America's favorite sandwich spread next to mayonaisse. .So lets say Slightly mustardy mayonaisse, a little sweet in flavour. But to me it say summer. Haven't had that stuff in years.
Chicago. .i am appalled that miracle whip is america's favorite! we're obese here, we like our mayo. 
In Texas it's Miracle Whip.  Honestly I don't mind either.  However neither is Salad cream. Different again.  Mind you, according to my wife, Ketchup in the UK is different to Ketchup here in the US.  I don't notice it, but it's probably due to no HFCS in the UK Ketchup.
I must be weird about my condiments, I don't like ketchup. i'd rather have hot sauce or wasabi any day. 
for me depends on the hot sauce to be honest.  But as a replanted Scot, I have a taste for the spicier stuff. I like my curries hot and preferably have the word vindaloo in the title. So hot sauce was one of my first revelations here in the US.
I force myself to try all different kind of spicy sauces. My tolerance goes down and i'm not ok with that. i want to feel that lovely burn. 

"Made in China"
You are very talented! Well done.
The older gentleman mentioned that his stepfather was the tall man in the black doorway, so I take it this mural is based on an original photograph?
Wow, you are very talented.
Well done, very impressive!
Simply amazing work.
Badass! Thanks for posting a making-of instead of just a finished product.

Holding a sign is a pretty dangerous job sometimes, you're always hearing about people getting clipped by cars.  In some areas they started replacing the construction workers who hold stop signs with similar styled robots for safety reasons, so it makes sense for private companies to start doing the same thing..Plus you don't have to worry about these guys complaining about the heat/rain!
This is outside Del Taco off Bristol in Costa Mesa. Creepy ass mannequin.
I've seen this too it's by Bristol and Redhill, I thought it was a real lady at first 
Passed one of these today.
And then literally less than a mile down the road there was a real person doing it, she looked like she was going to die. (106 degree index today)
My local Little Caesers has a male one of those. 
No dummy is taking . job.
I just want to know where I can get 2 burritos for $5...
Auton took my job.
Someone bought her twin and placed her in West Hollywood to advertise a salad shop. Really stupid..For anyone that isn't aware, West Hollywood is super gay - they should have bought the Ken version.
Why is she plugged in.. I bet she lights up and on newer models vibrates
Plastic surgery these days...just amazing 
Is that a real doll or a mannequin?
Do you have any idea how hot it is anywhere near most Del Tacos right now? 


Nice try, year 2017.  I'm on to you..This is clearly a fake.  Combo Burritos are still $1.99.
Escondido?
Can someone please explain how these human 'billboards' work? They seem to be everyhere! 
It is human nature to pay attention to what other humans in our immediate environment are doing, even if only briefly, making advertising more effective simply because a human is holding or wearing it.  Putting it on a human shaped inanimate object probably increases your attention because you have to spend that extra moment determining that it's not really a human.  I bet that sign gets far more attention than it would attached to a sign board. 
Those things are all over San Diego now. 
Wow that is tough!
They need to give the mannequin the flailing tube man arms and some velcro on the signs and on the hands of the flailing arms... or just outsource to India.
This would clearly violate sign guidelines of the town or city. That's the whole reason people pay to have an employee stand wih the sign. If I saw this locally I would make a call to my local zoning board and would certainly not eat there. 
those things are crazy expensive though, i dont think many companies will go for them.
I saw one of these at a Stewart's down in Tuckerton. I felt sorry for the chick stuck out in the heat the first time.
It's a good thing Del Taco moved out of my city because a mannequin like this would have undergone tremendous raping.
Oh you've never seen this kinda stuff? Even I know this is a thing.
Der terk er jerbs!!!!!!!
I saw one of those outside a gym 
I've seen one of these in my town!! What the hell?!?
I saw one of these owned by little Caesar's that would actually twirl the sign like a human.
Um... So... At what point did a wooden stick NOT seem like a good way to hold up a sign? I never understood why sign holding was a job in the first place. Signs have done a good job of holding themselves up since the beginning of advertising. What retard decided that they needed to dress up a fake human to hold the sign that could have been just as easily placed with a fucking wooden stick?
A deal like that, you got to sane on labor
I wish we had Del Taco in Ohio.
what is up with that jawline? 
It must suck having to tell people you were fired because your boss thought a mannequin could do your job better than you.
So we go from signs, to people holding signs, to fake people holding signs..I guess the next step is they decide to save on the electric bill and just go back to a sign.
I, for one, welcome our new robot . sign wavers...
There was an article a few weeks ago where a mentally challenged person in the city I lived next to.....basically took a large stick and destroyed one of those..Forget what they charged him with, but he did a good number on it I guess.
Hmm. I thought "people" were allowed to occupy public spaces with advertising signs because it was considered a free speech issue..Having a mannequin is no different than dragging a sign out to the curb.
can you fuck it?

Dude! I saw one of those here, and it moves the sign and everything. I didn't realize it was not a person until I was up close.
A lot of people are saying "This is what technology is supposed to do", but the reason companies hire people to stand outside and hold signs is because it is ILLEGAL to place a sign on the side of the road..So basically these guys have found away around that, until of course someone who has the power to remove it notices.
I don't like this. It has nothing to do with jobs or people losing them, truth be told I don't really give a fuck. But when this fake looking doll of a human is trying to imitate a human activity or work it is creepy as fuck. Well I kind of wish I ever ate at shitholes like "Del Taco" so I could stop eating there, but is anyone else just creeped the fuck out by this?
Maybe someone could be hired to watch the mannequin so nobody steals it
I saw one of these outside my moms work when I went to see her. It moved the sign around A little and when I saw it the sun had just gone down and my first thought-'' Poor girl out in the dark'' then latter it started to rain and I saw it still out there. Still thinking its a person and I thought it was just ridiculous she was out in the dark and rain. Surely her boss would understand. So dedicated that girl. When I found out it was fake got the major creeps. shes out there....in the dark.
I'm glad they're doing this.  Those jobs suck!
I saw this the other day! This is in San Diego!
Wh...wha...what else can she do?  
Suddenly the giant blow-up gorilla atop the stereo store across the street is enraged by the blow-up dancing tube man. Blow-up Kong sweeps Faye Mech-Wraye into his arms and climbs to the top of the bouncy castle as the gulls circle his head. 
At first I was like "Segway?", and then I was like, "oh".
Hahahahaha! I Drive by this thing all the time in San Diego. Caught me off guard too. What the picture doesn't say, IT FUCKING SPINS THE SIGN.
IS THIS WHAT JOHN HENRY DIED FOR?!
This video kind of sucks because the guy in it is doing more talking than filming our girl but this is what it looks like in action. 
At first, I thought you were implying that people will go here on lunch break and get 2 burritos then blow up the bathroom at work............ I need to get my mind out of the toilet.
is that a job?
Thanks a lot Bin Laden.
Why is this even a job? Why can't people use a pole or something?
Tax deductible sex doll. 
Any way of seeing this thing in action?
That thing is gonna be stolen...and not have a good time.
Mannequin signs? I'm more intrigued by the cheap burrito combos. 
You live in San Diego, don't you?
Let's see it twirl that thing!
Relevant!:

can you post a photo with higher resolution please
They probably feel that 
At least it's not low contrast and being spun, so I can actually read it. I think she deserves a raise.
This is so fucked up.
Dammit I knew I shouldn't have been lazy and posted this ages ago.... We have one outside the del taco near my house. I creeps the shit out of me every time I run by it. Still waiting for someone to do something to it / dress it up in something kinky.
It's all well and good until someone kidnaps the mannequin.
some dirty 40 year old man is gonna come by and steal that real doll
Quadruple back flipping plastic sign holders .... Wait for it
That's in Vancouver, was right?
I feel the insane urge to throw a large soda or shake at that thing out the car window... 
They have this same lady dressed up differently on Vermont/3rd.
She's kinda hot
Did you say safe? Is it open?
Finally, the labor costs are under control. Now if we can just get some demand into the economy...
This is on Balboa Ave. and Clairemont Dr. in San Diego. What you can't tell immediately from the picture - unless you wondered why she's plugged in - is that this is motorized. The sign waves and rotates in circles.
I knew BattleBots weren't gone forever...
Am I the only one who thought it was a person standing on a lawn mower at first?
[deleted]
Not sure how I feel about robot sign holders, but I fucking love Del Taco.
Are all these mannequins the same? I seen one identical to this one in Eastgate Ohio. 
Would last maybe a week before someone stole it and sold it. Mannequins like that would be worth at least 100, prolly closer to 200. Course, if it did last a week, it would probably be cheaper just to keep buying mannequins then pay someone 50 bucks a day to stand out there
More like: nobody wants this job.

I think i saw this in the OC last weekend. Pretty sure.
I found her 
These have started showing up in my town.  Hilarious.
The truck driver's job is safe! Doesn't matter WHERE the stuff comes from it has to get to the store!!
We've had robotic ones in Korea commonly in use for about a year now.  They're extremely creepy, they look like a real doll.  Luckily, people are starting to realize that they don't really attract costumers and they are starting to disappear. 
Geez... I thought you were talking about this "Heat Dome" the US is having right now.
Dammit Frank! How did you get out here!?
Oh hey look, Costa Mesa. I saw this today too.
Where is this?
There will be a major shift in the world economy and labor will cease to exist as we know it.nowadays, when we start bringing robots with advanced A.I.s to replace human activity..Will it be good for mankind? you bet your sweet roll it is. The problem is how to make a smooth transition from the changing economy and labor force..EDIT: Grammar.
Marx called it.
You just know some homeless man is gonna come along and steal that.. 
First its this, next thing you know some frakkin' toaster will be filling me and my family with holes.
Our local pizza place uses this exact mannequin, but with a Darth Vader mask on (it is a sci-fi themed pizza place).   It kind of freaked me out the first time I saw it.
They can have that job. Especially in Tucson during the summer. 

i've been seeing more of these motor powered mannequins lately. damn. the machines really are taking over. 
you forgot about the teenagers humiliate them and throw stuff as they drive by. 

I saw one of these the other day for Don and Ben's but the wind blew the sign off. I thought about attaching my own sign 
Wacky sign-waving non-inflatable non-arm waving non-tube woman.
Posting this as I am sign shaking for pizza hut. 
Can I... can I have sex with it?
I saw this I think. Is this in Tigard or Beaverton Oregon?
You dont have to say, but where do you live?.Cause Ive seen this same thing around in Ohio
Ahhh thats in Costa Mesa right by Inca Grill!
If they had a human doing this job, people would be bitching that he isn't paid enough. 
Bingo, good call.  Found exactly the spot.
Wow, that link still shows Denny's there. That thing is long gone, with a McDonald's in its place. They make shitty fries there too.
Nobody else's fries beat out . Del Taco for me.
It's in the pic - Del Taco.  It's a fast food chain that sells tacos/burritos along with things like burgers and fries.  Mostly in the Southwestern US.
I don't think Del Taco can do that kind of advertising because it's corporate but maybe. Either way, I live in Cali and Del Taco is TERRIBLE...just...terrible. 
Me too. Two years of marriage counseling.. I thought she was just really moody.

This is at the Del Taco off Bristol and Santa Ana Ave in Costa Mesa, CA. I live 30 seconds from here haha, I see this like everyday!
Thanks, Obama!
Get a pickup and steal it...then debate about how you took back the fact that they took your jobs.
I work like 3 blocks from here. Dayum, small world. Should have taken a picture for that sweet karma.


Why isn't this just a sign? Why does there also have to be a mannequin?
No you don't.
strange, no stay dogs or cats around here...
The RealDoll's job is perfectly safe. 
"Hey baby what are you doing when you get off work??"
I stared way to long at the feet wondering what that lady was standing on and why did it need to be plugged in. Then I checked out the deal and that's when I saw it.... it's a mannequin. 
She looks like she could be a model! Hardest working Del Taco employee!
California?
Mine in California has one. 
Mine doesn't, all they have is the guy that stands in the corner with the Little Caesar costume and a sign. Right next to him we have the Lady Liberty costume sign holder for an insurance company.
Small town in Mississippi. Scary. 
Central Valley?


lmao i seen a maniquenn holding the signs at our local little caesars i couldnt stop laughing
Saw one of these in LA just the other day. Scared the crap out of my wife. 
A few years ago my friend had some wise words about this kind of job, "I never want to have a job where I can be replaced by a stick."
Am I the only one who thought the Mini should learn to park better?
They have to do something with the used Real Dolls.
Makes perfect sense.   Some Real Doll owner is renting his out to help pay it off.   He gave it a day job.
Real Doll
She's hot
God-dum robuts! 
Cheap fucks. Anyone who WANTS to do that job probably really needs the money.
Woah dude check out that hot gir.....aaaand I'm a pervert.
As a former sign holder boy...THEY TERK ER JERBS!.
Though every day at work I thought to myself "maybe I should just build a robot to do this for me...then I'd get paid for doing nothing...well, more nothing, because standing there and holding something counts as something."
Thats off Balboa just outside PB right? I pass that every morning and it still freaks me out

Unrelated, but look at who works at Newport Bay Dental...

Is that a realdoll? 
I've been seeing these motorized sign holders pop up all over LA. One of the main reason sign holders became popular in the first place is because they don't require a sign permit, saving vendors considerable time and money. It raises an interesting question of legality when the sign holder isn't alive.
There are plenty of jobs like this... in India. .Seriously, they don't automate anything in India. Need a gate to only allow certain people into your apartment complex? Hire a guy in a cheesy uniform. .They don't even have vending machines in India.  .The minimum wage is so low, you cannot afford a machine to replace the humans. ."118 rupees ($2.18) per day in Bihar to 185 rupees ($3.40) per day in Haryana" 
San Fran stole it. ;P
I always assumed it was a legal thing.  That you had to get a permit or something for a sign, but nothing to put somebody outside holding a sign.
I'll bet anything she's also sleeping with her boss.
The day is coming, when about two billion of us will have no function.
SOooooooo these have existed for a few years now. 


A more rounder ass would have resulted in at least 20% more sales.
A set of bolt ons would also be helpful.
Steal it and attempt to fuck it.
I was once replaced by a piece of software I wrote.
Whyy!!.. look at neck. 
im just about to lose mine :/
We all thought the robots were taking over. Oh how wrong we were.
I almost crashed my car once because of an epic double-take that was caused by one of these sign toting demons.
There's one by Taco Bell in Vancouver, Washington on 117th. For a Cash4Gold place I think. She does this kinda dance thing. Hilarious. People will occasional go up and take her jacket off.
People who hold signs go on to hold...many things.
Is this in San Diego? Always creeps me out.

1/10 would bang 
this should be in 
It's not actually anybody's job to twirl signs. We all take turns every week where I work at a pizza place. It's just some unlucky stoned fool who makes pizzas for minimum wage standing out there in a pizza cartoon costume twerking at cars for a few hours.

I about pooped my pants the first time I saw her when my boyfriend and I were walking down Bristol on our way to the Gypsey Den. 
I actually thought it was real the first time I drove by. I was also headed down to the Anti Mall.
Those things freak me out to no end.
There was one of these near where I live, next to a pawn shop. My friend and I drove past it and thought it was a skinny dude dressed up as a girl. After a double take, sure enough, it was a robot with a wig. Pretty creepy when they get their arms moving..
Does no one see the unreal deal? 2 burrittos for 5$.
Where are these burritos?!?!?!!?!??!?!?!
I'd hit it. 
I for one welcome our new robot overlords.
Strippers are next!
I didn't park near "her" because I didn't want to feel awkward getting out of the car right next to someone waving a sign, only to realize she was a robot...
quite a jaw line.
I... have those shoes... 
e_e.9/10 Would still bang.

That was a job? I thought that was a punishment.
No one is talking about 2 for 5 burritos? That's awesome. 
Is that a sex doll?
Saw one of these in Clairemont in San Diego..   Thought it was real at first.
This is the same one. Clairemont @ Balboa.
Yeah the Del Taco on Genesee/Clairemont. I always see that thing and so far it has not made me want tacos.
why?
The first time a saw one of these I drove by and looked but had to look a second time because there was something definitely wrong with the person. I was terrified before seeing that it was a mannequin.
i'd like to see her try to get that thing to helicopter
I'll show you a thing that does the helicopter

Seems like a prime target for hooligans.
[deleted]
Removed - url shorteners are not allowed 
I have a very confused boner right now.
Ah.  I know her very well.  She is stuck up and won't talk to anyone. I tried getting her number but she acts like a typical plastic OC girl. She is always on Bristol St, Costa Mesa, CA.
I feel like I've send that robot on battle bots. The one that flipped everyone's shit. 
Isn't this in San Jose or somewhere nearby? I swear I've seen it before...


So do I. The Classic Chicken Burrito is the bomb!
This is off Bristol St. in Costa Mesa, California. Al Palace fucking rules. 
Kung Pao lunch special! 
714 checking in.
Dey tuk ehr jerrbbsss

Thought you all would enjoy this. 
It's all fun and games until some kid gets smashed.
Just wait until the Westboro Baptists figure this out.

I don't remember this part in terminator.
Skynet: The Early Days.Skynet had to start somewhere.  This is the T-53.  Lots more work to be done until it gets a mobile one that can aim and shoot.
I could pretty easily design simple Bluetooth capability for this mannequin. Maybe add a front and rear facing camera, some simple license-plate and facial recognition, maybe a simple algorithm to greet returning customers or synchronize it with their previous orders and use some simple predictive analytics to have their order already ready for them at the window...are you saying I shouldn't do that?

I'm pretty sure these started up in sacramento CA. They're the dumbest things that every other shitty business has. I was hoping they'd die down not expand to other cities.
We have had some in Vacaville up the freeway from you guys for like 3 years or so.
Can confirm, drove past one in Antelope (sac) every day about a year and a half back when i was in school there.
There's a Jiffy Lube in Portland that has one of these, too.  Except it's a man, with shaggy black hair.  Looks like a stoner skateboarder out of school for the summer..Fools me every time for about .02 seconds, before my brain registers what I'm seeing and I remember. 
I know all about this one and it also fools me when I first drive up. I am usually starving and not paying attention but after about .02 seconds I remember. 
You were supposed to be The One! You had the opportunity to end this! Should've smothered it in its crib
This is the kind that moves their arms right? They creep me the hell out. 
Ya but you gotta admit they give one hell of a handjob
How does this make you feel?
I don't have to admit to anything that I don't want to...
Confused with a hint of sexual frustration. 
I was hoping the automatons would have scared you :(
It's that the other one looks human that creeps me out. That and associating uniform repetitive movements with someone suffering from some kind of psychosis.
It is so weird looking. Very creepy!
Straight up on Bristol and Red Hill! I work like 3 blocks from here. For a week I thought it was a real person.
The Uncanny Valley, coming soon to a restaurant near you!

Seems like something David Lynch would do.
I like the "I've seen santa's dick, hey hey hey" comment
Looks like it has a battery just next to the wheels..Anyone got a video of it in action? Do they do flip the sign or anything?.*Nevermind . and it doesn't do anything crazy.
Its not crazy, but its quite creepy.
Well that's creepy as fuck, thanks for sharing.
It isn't 
I found . creepier, with its sign twirling appendage and dead arms.
She's twirling it with her lady bits.
You think she's got a boy friend?


yeah, his name is .  I'm glad to see that his girlfriend finally found a job.
Nope. She looked pretty lonely out there. 

Not sure why, she's not even real, but I kind of feel sorry for her somehow. Don't even know why.
Its ok, I felt the same way. Like she was over worked or something like that.
Costa Mesa? 
Straight homie! Right on Red Hill.
This is on Bristol in Costa mesa right?
I miss Naugles's Macho Beef Burrito.
There's a great Peruvian place right next to it!
The Inka Grill is where I always go to lunch and that is how I ended up in that parking lot that day.
haha I was about to plug Inka Grill.  I need some lomo saltado, it's been too long.


Yep. I recognize the Chinese food place in the background and I also noticed the mannequin there a few weeks ago. 
I remember getting sweet and sour pork from that place like 15yrs ago

Yup that is the one on Bristol and Redhill.
I'm probably out of her league anyway. She probably goes for the handless mannequins that work at the mall.

Naaa...she's wearing Mardi Gras beads. She's in everyone's league.
I don't get it.  The point of human sign holders is to be able to advertise on public property legally.  You can't put a big sign on any old street corner or sidewalk, but someone carrying something (a sign) isn't illegal.
Ethically, you can't run over people twirling those damn signs signs.   But a mannequin...
it's legally classified as a robot, and can advertise in the . I.E. the sidewalk.
But them someone found out that human signs have a better response rate et voila.
Its not  a permanent sign, so it fulfills the same legal loophole. 
No it doesn't. This mannequin needs to abide by all signage regulations for the jurisdiction, such as setback on private property, number and size, and in most areas a non-moving requirement. When a bonafide person holds a sign they can walk around on actual public property, go street side, etc, and are generally immune to signage laws.
The point of sign holding is to get attention.  This is getting a lot of attention.  Mission accomplished.
Maybe it's just a disguise so that it's less likely to be caught as a violation? I.e. maybe this is a way to do something illegal that makes it look like something legal, like putting a dummy or clothed inflatable doll in the passenger seat in an attempt to get away with using a carpool lane..Also there's clearly a cord running to it. It might subtly swing the sign side to side maybe to help it look more alive on a quick glance*..*Ninja Edit: 
How can anyone resist blasting it with a 12 gauge shotgun?
Probably pretty easy, firing a gun is illegal in most cities.  I don't think anyone wants to go to jail/prison.
That mannequin looks like the saddest mannequin ever.
I see a Mad Max-ish dystopian future. . . Robotic sign twirlers on every corner. And one man fights to feed his family as the last hu-man sign spinner left
But isn't this their property still? So they could have just put up a sign like we see in the background but this is a little more eye-catching way of doing it.
I can't see any other reason than that.
Not even on your own property are you allowed to have as many signs as you want. Most county's/cities have an inspector that comes when you open a business to say how much signage you can have on your building and near the street etc. It's usually one on the building and one by the street. Which is why you rarely see more signs than that anywhere and all plaza signs age lumped together in one spot. You can get away with adding more after your initial inspection for a little bit until they come back again for reinspection months or years later.

In many cities, "moving signs" are illegal. Its a distraction to drivers and a public safety concern. My dad has to display his spinning barber pole indoors lol..Having people hold signs is a way around it, having mannequins basically makes them a "moving sign".
Can your dad carve the batman logo into my asshole hair?
I did honestly almost drive off the road the first time I saw one of these electronic mannequins in my town. 
I won't eat at any place with a human sign.
But traffic sounds in the radio are legal?

I wish those animated flashing digital signs were illegal
My wife works in a hair salon. One of the pictures they had hanging up was the front of an old barber shop with a barbers pole. The state made them take the picture down because they're not a licensed barber shop and couldn't display a barbers pole without the license. Not exactly relevant but your dad having to put his barber pole inside just reminded me of it.
"Sure is a nice day for a drive. Hey, whats that by the side of the road? It looks like a red and white pole, but the stripes seem to be moving . What kind of madness it this!? mabye if I stare at it instead of watching the roa....".Paid for by Mothers Against Barber Poles

Interesting fact:.The William Marvy Company is the only company in North America that is active in the production of barber poles. Also, the red and white stripes used to represent the bloodletting services that barbers used to perform back in the day..Source: Me watching an episode of Discovery Channel's 
what does "bloodletting services" mean?
Bloodletting used to be a practice of surgeons or doctors, and by extension, barbers, to remove small to large amounts of blood from someone in order to fix their health problems.


So you are saying they have a mono-.-ly?
Slowclap.gif 
slowgif.clap
Never had a mother complain about my pole.
Well you clearly are not a barber.
They aren't anti-pole, they just hang around leaning against them.
That's because you never took it outdoors in the first place, as it were.
See, I thought the whole point of having a person stand there holding a sign rather than, ya know, a wooden stick, is that it gets around some sort of illegality of advertising on public property. If you wanted to get people's attention, I can think of a few ways that are easier and cheaper than making a powered, plugged in mannequin that wiggles the sign from side to side.
I am thinking they reason a passerby will be more inclined to look at what they think is a human holding a sign than just another sign on the side of the road.
Precisely. Which is why I don't even make my own target stands, I just pick up a few housing development signs when I see the sturdy wood ones. Could do the same for this.
Were those signs on public property?
Of course.

to be fair, it . get reddit's attention. 
The true test of advertising, attention. This is a win.
That can be stolen.

That IS the point, but then you have to pay that person every day. They put this mannequin on some sort of wobbling device so it LOOKS like a person in hopes the cops won't notice. It's like putting a dummy in your car for the HOV lane.


[deleted]

And this is how legislation to give robots limited status as people begins.  When it starts to hit a company's bottom line that's when things go into motion.  They wouldn't want to go too far, though... they wouldn't want to have to give them fair wages or time off after all.
Yeah, in California having a person out there negates the need to get a permit to advertise or whatever.
I have to seriously wonder whether some hopeful entrepreneur saw the street-side sign spinners and figured that they could automate-that-shit, not understanding the whole reason there are street side spinners in the first place. This automated sign spinner would last more than an hour or two in most jurisdictions -- not to mention that it represents a big vandalism target -- and it looks like an expensive mistake.
If you want a waving sign, that's a lot cheaper than minimum wage.
He is right. It's probably much easier and cheaper to just tape a cardboard sign to a used blow-up doll you got on craigslist for cheap...
Used blow up dolls are not cheap.  They tend to demand a premium once they have been broken in.
Cheaper? Yes. But how many signs do you read? Now, if there was a mannequin holding a sign by the side of the road I bet you would look. That's the point.
I can think of at least ....
You are right, but if no one complains nothing happens.

Yep. Strictly speaking, this counts as a sign, and therefore should incur taxes. People hire sign holders because a reasonably good wage is actually less expensive than paying the advertising tax/fee that comes with a permanent sign on a road.
Also, no sign permit in the world will let you plant a sign in the middle of the sidewalk.
You think sign shakers get paid more than minimum?

I can think of a faster way to complain - this is a lot easier to vandalize (and get away with it) than a live person.
A simple shirt change and you're good to go!!! 

It can defend itself.
Like when someone passes out and all their friends draw dicks and stuff on their face. Something like that should be done to the mannequin/wiggly-wavey sign shaker. 
you just wanna draw dicks on things, don't you.is this some kind of fetish
Or just turn the 2 into a 20.
Lets protest. But instead of walking the streets, get mannequins on wheels to hold the signs.
Im on to you guyver_dio. Or should I say sentient_manequin.

Remote control mannequins so they can roll across the entrance to the parking lots and block traffic.  This sounds like a job for Grant Imahara.
I think you're on to something
Sounds like a futuristic dystopia. People get rich and lazy but they're still easily angered by everything they read on the Internet. So they send an army of robots to go do their protesting for them.
Drone bombings are really intense and effective protests about specific people by wealthy people.
But this is what technology is supposed to do. It's supposed to remove useless labor positions and improve the state of our society so we can focus on intellectual enlightenment..It's a shame that society has yet to catch up though.
Well worded, can you expand on society not being caught up though?
For this problem I could sell you a technology called "stick".
I agree about the point of technology, but they could have put the sign on a stick instead of a more expensive fake person.
In some places, it may not be your legal right to put a sign there. So they hire someone to stand there holding the sign, which is then legal. This contraption just seams stupid, as it won't get around the legal bit.
Goddamn warp engines and replicators aren't going to invent themselves.
Losing that useless labor position means losing a consumer
Well that and it ends up making the left over jobs fewer and require higher skill..Instead of 100 people on an assembly line, you now have 20 robots. Sure they need maintenance people, designers, etc... but those jobs require much more skill and education then a line worker screwing on a bolt. 
Right?  But we better get those socialist policies in place before we have a 25% unemployment in the interim.  I'm serious btw, if a wave of jobs are lost due to machines or in this case... mannequins (lol) then there will be unemployment before other jobs are created.
It is supposed to be accompanied with a reduction in family sizes though..

When I try to explain this to people I usually get a "But then what will your job be?" and I say "specialized work, probably for less hours"
and then they flip their shit about welfare. Which I never mentioned.

That's a narrative... told by human to humans. You write it with such authority as if it's valid just because people say it!.Who exactly defines what 'technology is supposed to remove"?.Technology sure seems to be used a lot for developing weapon systems and spying. Who says that it is "supposed" to be used for this?


Yeah, but this is a labor position created by the zoning loophole that limited the amount of signage a business could have, but said nothing about . holding signs....   some city ordinance douche is going to fine the owner of that thing.
Fuck this, I'm only gonna live 80 years I couldn't give a shit about intellectual enlightenment. Just let me do a job where I get to work with friends, enjoy the weekend off, and spend time with my family. 
The only reason people flip signs is because of a law against putting up signs without a permit/paying to do so. Some places it is restricted completely. The loop hole is if someone is standing there with the sign it is not being planted in the ground. These people took it another step and put it on a mannequin, which is illegal but I doubt any cop is going to do anything about it.
Ideally, the automation of manual labor jobs would free up people to be employed elsewhere.  The major problem with this is that the people who are being displaced from their menial jobs lack the requisite skills to work in any other capacity.  It's a question of retraining people and reforming education to better equip people for a future where all manual labor and production jobs are handled by machines, while people are employed in creative (musicians, filmmakers, writers, etc.) and professional (doctor, lawyer, accountant, etc.) jobs.
That's based on the assumption that you're creating a net positive for society as a whole.  By replacing a job with technology what you're really doing is creating one more instance of unemployment and putting more money into the pocket of whoever was rich enough to purchase the job-killing technology..I'm certainly not anti-technology but just because you . do something doesn't automatically mean you ..

have you ever wondered why they don't just put the sign on a stand? it is illegal to do so on public property that's why. however, it is legal for a person to hold a sign on public property. op's photo is either on private or illegal. this job will never disappear. if it was legal to put a sign on a stand, streets would be completely lined with signs. 
I mean, sticks were already a thing before sign-wavers came along. There was already an established way to hold a sign.
It's funny how this has come full circle.  People used to do this 20-30 years ago.  Some decided big fancy neon/light/lcd signs were better, and cheaper to have, eventually people stopped paying attention to them, so they decided to put people outside dancing and spinning with signs..So they decided to mechanize people holding signs..I wonder what the next step will be once people start ignoring these things.
I'm just going to latch onto your comment to dirrect people to . 
Essentially, societies are focusing too much on the acquisition of wealth or the protection of traditional culture, rather than the advancement of the species. .The individuals we elect into government office trade investing into our future for short term gains, and our societies continue to elect such individuals or allow them to rule. .Companies trade off jobs for higher profit margins even though popular spending drives economies and builds new markets..We (as a species) continue to celebrate the pursuit of physical prowess over that of intellectual prowess teaching our children that it's better to be an athlete than a scientist..Humans are still just too greedy.
Sometimes I just want to reply to people and say like "Can we be friends?" - Today, the urge to resist completely failed..I really, really wish that more people were dedicated to enlightenment.
Or you can make it something special.
Yeah but the whole reason sign shaking exists is cuz it's illegal to put up signage. .
I'm actually really glad to see this.  Standing at a busy intersection and breathing exhaust fumes for hours on end is just cruel.  .I go out of my way to not patronize places that do that.
How are those humans supposed to earn income to live on and put money back into the system?
While I agree with you, was the mannequin really necessary? I think it would weird more people out than it would attract.

When we actually get to the point where machines can do everything for us, from growing, harvesting, and distributing food, to building shelter, we will have to abandon capitalism.
there can only be so many owners of capital. capital is a limited commodity and as those with power consolidate that power, as is the case now, we have less and less of a ladder to climb while simultaneously reducing the demand for labor so many cant even start on the first step..our ability to produce is going up, but all the money is being funneled into so few hands that it doesn't matter. the advancements of technology and the stagnation of social policy is creating a slave/master relationship in the market between the owners and laborers..if we're going to have a society that can focus on intellectual enlightenment, then a certain standard of living must be provided for, a distribution of wealth. but we live in a society that views such an action as vile and enabling to "parasitic" members of society. people dont want a penny of their work going towards someone those benefit to society cannot be monetized..tldr: society does not appear to want intellectual enlightenment.
I agree with you, but what are kids in high school supposed to do?

Yeah, the only problem is that pesky Capitalism bullshit. 
Bingo.  Few people realize the implications of capitalism, and they just think it's inherent in society.  A resource-based post-scarcity society is completely feasible right now, but instead we build dolls to hold up signs which prevent people who WANT to do work they HATE just so that they can justify their existence to those who would steal a roof form over their heads if they can't come up with green paper that they get for holding a sign up.
"resource based, post-scarcity." I hate to say it, but unless your resource is something near infinite like the Sun, it is scarce. This line makes no sense.


sure your "resource-based post-scarcity" society could exists if you are content with a stalled society that does not create any thing new.   

Wrong, wrong, wrong, I'm sorry to say. The point of a resource based economy (RBE) is the most intelligent use of the resources available. Think about the automobile. Most vehicles spend maybe two hours a day on the road. That means for 22 hours a day, those resources are going to waist. In a RBE, we'd, for instance, use say 20% of all the resources in the automobiles today to build a highly efficient, always-in-motion light rail system for public transportation and have so many materials leftover that we could build, again, for example, music/cultural/technological centers where people could go, for free, to expand their knowledge base or experiment with new technologies and advance themselves and by extension our entire species..In other words, if we used the resources on this planet as efficiently as possible (I'd like to point out that politics has no place in this system as it's primarily opinion-based and a RBE concerns itself with fact), we could feasibly offer food, water, healthcare, entertainment, and education to every single man, woman, and child in the planet AT NO COST. BAM! The basis for war no longer exists. The basis for crime no longer exists. And the world is experiencing a cultural renaissance the likes of which can't be imagined..If anyone is interested in learning more about this, Google The Venus Project or The Zeitgeist Movement.
who decides what's worth the resources? who decides where your rail train stops, who decides where the resources come from? who decides where you live in proximity to the resources? Are these people free from the temptation? I don't think so. This type of society requires giving insane amounts of power to a few people and freedoms would be taken. 
Our current society gives insane amounts of power to a few people, and freedoms according to your wealth.


There's no place for politics, but only the most authoritarian of governments could put down the enforcement to place all the resources in their "efficient" places.

Well, it's kind of like this:.Back in the 1940s, there was a war you probably heard something about. Since pretty much everyone was involved (what with it being a . war and all) there was a huge ramp-up in production capacity around the globe and a lot of innovation towards increasing productivity. This was kind of a big deal -- in the Western world, the work week was already shrinking from the 70-80 hour week common at the beginning of the century, and had come down to about a 40 hour week. People figured, naturally, that it would keep shrinking, and maybe we'd be working 10 or 20 hour weeks by the new millennium. People used to actually wonder how we'd fill all of our leisure time..And then... it stopped. Not the increase in efficiency; quite the contrary, the microchip, semiconductors and robotics meant that we were able to quickly make ourselves more efficient than we've ever been at any point in human history. One person today, with the aid of modern technology, can do the work of dozens a century ago, and a great many simple, repetitive tasks are completely automated, taking human workers out of the equation entirely. But the work week stopped getting shorter. We started producing more instead -- often lower quality goods at higher volume, to create labour and stimulate the economy and make sure everyone had jobs..Our capitalist society necessitates that everybody work, so that everybody can get paid and have money to spend. The whole system is based on the concept of capital flowing around and lubricating the social systems (hence, "capitalism"). So we can't just have a bunch of people sitting around being idle. From a technological standpoint it could happen -- after all, in a recession we have problems with people having money to feed themselves, but there's no actual food shortage. It becomes clear that we don't have any shortage of labour, and that indeed our problem is the opposite of that. Without enough capital flowing around to produce and consume an excess of materials we end up with a bunch of people sitting at home with nothing to do. Which would be fine if those people weren't getting evicted because they can't pay the bills anymore..So technologically we could hypothetically reduce the amount of work most of us do by a pretty drastic amount. But socially, we're just not equipped for that kind of a thing. Our society is geared towards everyone working, and consequently just isn't able to handle a bunch of people not working. When or if that will change is anyone's guess. Personally, I wouldn't recommend holding your breath.
And if we accounted for all those people locked up in jail cells all across America, we actually have a whole lot more people not working than anyone wants to admit.
Actually prisoners in America are workers. They man call centers, manufacture things, do maintenance work for the government, etc., and for a lot less pay than a free person on the outside would cost. In some prisons labor isn't a choice. You . to work.
Room and board and guards costs the govt

Holy shit.  I never thought about that.  I knew the main #s are juiced since it doesn't account for underemployed and ppl that went so long unemployed that they are no longer counted.  Forgot about the 2.3 MILLION ppl behind bars too.
I'm well equipped for that kind of thing
The fact of the matter is that there are natural shortages, even if we are able to . enough for everyone.  In the fantasyland post-capitalist society, who gets to live in Manhattan?  Right now, there is an insane amount of demand for living space in Manhattan, and a limited supply.  Thankfully, market systems work perfectly, as prices rise, decreasing demand and allowing those who "want it most" to get the limited supply..All the technology in the world won't change these types of limited resources - land, art, beautiful people, etc.  Without the potential for wealth, how is an ugly person going to compete in the mating pool?
This might blow your mind, but not everyone wants to live in Manhattan. And maybe if people weren't spending all their time in a rat race, they'd be making were they do live better.

Most of the demand for living in Manhattan is due to it being a business/economic center, with the rise of digital communication it doesn't really matter. Also at that point ugly people can get plastic surgery, there will be more art due to more leisure time. And you can still reward the people that are still doing work (research, things that can't be automated) with those limited resources that way there is still an incentive to do something while at the same time supporting the rest of the world.

Thats a pretty large conclusion to draw from a manaquine wobbling a sign. I do submit this though, its extremely provable 
We are already giving free money away for decades... we are in kind of a mixed society. utopia/capitalistic mix.
As a guy who had to wear a damn Uncle Sam costume in 90 degree heat for 7 1/2 hours, Fuck yeah it is. I quit after that, my boss purposely cut it to 1/2 so I wouldn't get a lunch break.
You only have to work for 5 hours to get a lunch break. Your boss was fucking you with out lube.
Curious as to where you live because last time I worked an hourly job I remember it being said we couldn't work longer than 4 hours and 59 minutes without a lunch break. Also every 4 hours of work got you a 15 minute break which you had to take before the 4th hour started.
I was younger and my boss was a real dick, he explained to me a whole bunch of bullshit and said if you don't work 8 hours per day you aren't eligible for a lunch break. To this day im too lazy to look it up to see if it was true or not, I assumed so. 
TGT here, the difference between 5 hours and 8 hours is an entire 45 minutes of break (not including the additional 'reward breaks' that some of us get pretty often)
In Indiana (not a right-to-work state,) I had a boss who insisted that breaks were not mandatory, and would fire and replace anyone who argued otherwise. Turns out not many people are willing to go to court over a shit job.
I was going to suggest that you look at the state labor laws, but after looking at them myself, I suggest you move to another state. Those are terrible. 
Maybe not court, but you can go to the Department of Labor. I called out an old employer on paying me below minimum wage and got fired for it, but I got the DoL to investigate him (and they got him to send me unpaid wages). At least I made things better for the next guy. 

College was a better option than immigration but; yes, laws in this state/country do not do much for the working class. True we no longer have 12 year olds in steel mills, but nobody can live a quality lifestyle on minimum wage.
Boo-friggin-hoo. McDonald's, beyond a reasonable doubt, has shown that the quality of life on minimum wage can't be as bad as the liberals would like us to believe../s


Lots of places in the US do whatever they want to their employees, if they aren't a big chain.  It costs money to sue people, and if you're working a shitty, min-wage job, you can't really do jack. 
California is Nazi on Lunch Breaks. If you don't take your break before 5 hours, we get paid an free hour. Years ago I was a waiter. You never took a break because you were busting ass serving tables. Now most corporate restaurants make their servers take breaks and have a floating server cover them.
Florida here, if you work for 8+ hours you have take a lunch break, otherwise you are not eligible
The state of Pennsylvania does not have a law that requires employees to take a break. If you are over the age of 18, no employer is required to give breaks, regardless of hours worked..Source: I know my rights (what few we have) as a non-union PA worker.
Depends on the state, and that info can easily be found .. 
"North Carolina employers are not required to provide either a rest break (generally ten (10) or fifteen (15) minutes) or a meal break (usually thirty (30) minutes or more) for anyone who is sixteen (16) years of age or older.".Well fuck me. 

Well I just got a little more depressed reading that.
The problem with this concept is that a fair number of people aren't capable of intellectual anything beyond watching TV.
Irrelevant. 
I don't think that's the case. Sure, some people are more brilliant in some ways than others. We're not all rocket scientists and we're not all opera singers. .But I don't buy the "stupid masses" thing. More people can do more than is commonly believed. 

proof?
So? We have the infrastructural, technological, and productive capabilities to support people who don't care while also providing an avenue of enlightenment for those who do.
the societal problem our country currently faces. 
Who who? Where the fuck do you live that "we" can support so many people. Here in America, those who don't want to pursue anything better for themselves would be in the hundred million range. And even if we could support them all, why should we. Why should I work my ass off? So fat lazy fucks can sit on their ass and do nothing.? No thanks. If you want the benefits of society, but aren't willing to contribute to society, then go fuck yourself. We are no where near a society were machines can do everything. We will have people always working, and they should be celebrated and raised above the filth that sits on their couch, spawns demon babies, and then raises them poorly. The people who sit on Welfare for months, are complete wastes of all of society's advancements in the last couple thousand years. 

We who?.People who own things generally want to be compensated for the use or taking of those things..People who make necessary things or perform necessary services . want to be compensated for doing so.  .When they are not, or when their compensation is not dependent on the level of effort they put in, most of them stop doing anything useful.  This is human nature.
One solution would be to provide free 6x6x6 units with a computer, internet connection and toilet for free for people to live in, and provide free basic rations. They stay out of physical contact with other humans in a sterile environment to avoid diseases in return

Except artists, etc or people who own their talents..You're brainwashed to only see value through a capitalist bent
The entire point is, compensation is meaningless in a world where we have the productive capabilities to provide for everything. We're on the cusp of that kind of world. It will take radical societal changes before we're at the point where it can become a reality, granted, but we have the technological capability (or near enough to it) to produce enough such that compensation will become an anachronism.
Agreed with the point, but disagree with the positive sentiment.  In the world without compensation, a person only has what advantages that he or she was born with.  Born ugly?  Too bad, you can't work hard to make something of yourself, because everyone has everything they need... so you're just the guy with the same stuff as everyone else, who is also ugly.  You're permanently "lesser" than others..Don't get me wrong, I fully believe that the so-called "singularity" is quite near (from a computational perspective), which will be the first step in a society with near-limitless production capabilities.  But people always tend to see the negatives of economic competition without viewing the many, many positives.
The entire point is, even if we get to the point where machines do everything for us, there will still be people with money and people without money. The difference is, the people without money will starve and die because there's absolutely no labor available..We already have too much ready labor available. It's why unemployment is high and only going to get higher. Each time there is an economic recession, companies fire nearly everyone and then learn how to extract the same amount of productivity from their remaining workers. Then, when the economy recovers, they can hire back fewer people..I'm honestly not sure what the solution is, and I agree that it's inevitable that things that can be performed by machines will replace human labor, but I'm not particularly optimistic about it and don't think it's necessarily a good thing.
This only makes sense if you view life as a competition against each other. You seem to believe that you are only rich if someone else is poor. That is.. mind-boggling..Ignoring your strange prejudices, you are also apparently confused about the laws of economics and how arbitrary they are. We made them. While there is a lot of thought behind them, they are still products of our instinct, of our nature. Remove the currency of the current system, which is essentially arbitrary right now also but you can call it money, and 'economics' will take on a new form. Be it favour, fame, influence. People will still compete..You're stuck in the paaaast man.

We're still a long ways off from free energy and molecular manipulation, and we'll likely kill ourselves off in large enough chunks to wreck technological advance (if not completely) before we get there..Until we reach those milestones (which may be never), people will own the raw materials, people will own the means of producing power, and those people will expect to be compensated for that.

So... ., yet somehow "we'll likely kill ourselves off in large chunks enough to wreck technological advancement"? .I think you might need to rethink some things. We may be a ways off from free energy and molecular manipulation but there isn't much of any sign that we will be doing anything but speeding up our technological advancements until then.
That's true, quality of life for a lot of people has improved leaps and bounds. But while our technological abilities to destroy increase our geopolitical instabilities stay the same. Where as the worst thing that could happen in WW1 is incomprehensible numbers of people dying on a battlefield, a WW3 could mean the extinction of our species and most likely most life on earth. .The invention of the nuclear bomb set off what was probably the greatest tipping point of human extinction in the history of our kind. The entire Cold War was a very dangerous time where a single small event or mistake could result in the end of the world as we know it..While that has stabilized somewhat its still important to remember that threat is still present and needs to be avoided at all costs. 
[deleted]
Yeah but less reason to because we are all more interconnected than ever
We were more capable of doing that in the 60's.
Okay quickly...there's literally no reason for 90% of us to be working at all. Unskilled manual labor, repetitive data entry, fact checking, cashiering, and so many other jobs can be done easily by technology..Think of it this way: any job you can get currently right out of high school is now automated. There are no more "entry-level" jobs, and you train in an academic or a technical college after high school. All these jobs are research oriented, since as we expand our technology, anything related to production can be automated as well. Now we have a smaller number of people working intellectual positions to advance our technology, while the large majority can live in comfort since there aren't actually any jobs that AREN'T being done.."Work in" hasn't changed, and "Product out" has actually grown from the increased efficiency of the machines once doing the jobs of lazy high school kids. Society has advanced beyond the point where the need to have a job is what compels people to get up and be productive, and instead they turn to more creative tasks. The arts flourish, and general satisfaction levels grow as well. Since there is still plenty for everyone, no one needs to have jobs to make money to pay rent/groceries/insurance etc. It is all provided for you, so that you can continue to be happy (which in turn increases intellectual advancement since you are, by definition, an educated person)..Everyone researches what they're interested in, creates what they want to create, and does only what they want to do. Crime plummets due to a lack of social stressors and, frankly, need (who needs to rob a bank if there's no money?). Humanity reaches a new age of enlightenment and reason, and the rate of technological achievement increases exponentially..What stops this? Profit, mostly. Why would companies give you product when they can charge you for it? Sure, there may be plenty and their costs may have plummeted, but there's the almighty Dollar to look up to. I mean even think of what OP references -- the job being "replaced" here exists ENTIRELY because it's cheaper to buy a person for eight hours a day than it is to pay for ad space. To a corporation, your life is valued far less than the billboard you drive past every day. Why would someone who sees you as worth so little entrust to you so much?
So why aren't we teaching these skills in high school instead of forcing people to go into ridiculous debt just to enter the job market.
Governments are bureaucratic. To a highly bureaucratic organization, change is an anathema. Changing processes and systems is entirely possible for any organization, but a multi-billion dollar entity is far less likely to care about changing things up, simply because things work well enough to stay at the same marginal output and income levels..In the case of a small organization, say a small government or small business, redirecting resources is a primary concern because the marginal benefits of doing so are higher. A $15 billion company likely won't care about maximizing profit to get at $15.5 billion, but I can guarantee you a $100,000 company would care about maximizing profit to $150,000..In the United States, public school is run at the state level and funded at the county level. Colleges are run by their own individual administrations and funded by donations and tuitions that go only to them.
I'm willing to make a machine that will be productive enough to cover me and my buddy, so neither of us have to work forever. If I could make three billion of these machines, then . would have to work anymore. That's what robosocialism is all about.
So how can society change to fix this?

Well at the same time I am not sure if crime would plummet. It may change to something else, but it wouldn't plummet. Reason being, I don't feel like everyone is just going to want to start reasearching and creating things. If they don't have to work they will probably get lazy and then engage in some form of illegal activity. Also how do we decide who gets what? I'm pretty sure many people would want this fancy item or that expensive house, but if everyone had the same income how would they climb the ladder to achieve their goal?
I think it's a bit more complicated than that. I'm okay with my income right now. If a system like you describe could provide me the same level of income, I still wouldn't be for it..My problem is the "by whom" part of the problem. "It is all provided for you" - by whom? Who controls all the resources in this scenario? Who determines what level everyone receives and in what form they receive it? Do I trust them to provide the primary source of my well-being? Is it one entity for all of humanity, or multiple smaller entities? If it's multiple, how do I know they will never be in conflict? In either case, how are these entities controlled?
There's still the inherent flaws in that too. Who fixes the machines? Me? Why should I be machine fixer and the other guy gets to play a guitar all day? .Mean, someone has to keep these machines in order to produce this utopian society we dream of correct? .Otherwise, the robotic ran vegetable garden won't feed us anymore and people would get very upset..Designing such a facility would take thousands of man hours. Keeping the robot garden running would also take man hours (Unless, we automate the procurement of input materials[fuels, fertilizer, seeds, etc.] and the maintenance of the robots. Technology is VERY far away from that mind you.). Why should they do that instead of playing guitar all day? 
These "fixers" are called programmers. And guess what? Many programmers actually enjoy programming than they would playing guitar! This is exactly why so many of them create open source projects which basically means they give out hours of work for free!
  .What's the incentive to make me anything? You think someone gets enough personal reward from making my sneakers to do it on their own? If you automate making shoes, what about designing them or performing one of the thousand other steps in getting them to me? Making things requires time and effort. Why would they want to use their time and their effort when I'm on a beach sipping on a margarita and just taking and taking? And if they have to give me everything for free, how much can I take? Can I go to an apple store and just take the entire inventory? Why not? Do we also have a nanny that makes us all share? What about not having enough land for everyone? Whose family gets to have the beach house on the cape?  Everyone has to share that too? And who do you think will pump my septic tank for me on my new cape house share where I get 1/2 a day each year? 
I would have said "political control", but that basically winds up meaning profit as well..People would be very hard to control if 90% of them were just lounging around all day.
The end of scarce resources would be a disaster for men.
I don't know, software hasn't really doomed society or anything.
But software isn't a scarce resource.... thrwywy613 didn't saw the end of scarcity of resources (that any resource have vastly more supply than demand), but that the end of resources that ARE scarce would be disastrous for our society..I embrace disaster, is all.
You know those stupid high school kids who cause mischief just because they're bored?  I wonder if a large chunk of society would become that.  .I agree with you that the main reason for this is profit, but I think having people do jobs that machine could to provides for society as well.  It gives a lot of people purpose who would otherwise have none.  Some people would love to have all day to pursue creative endeavors, but there's another handful that just wouldn't know what to do with their time.  They might get bored, they might get reckless..People would take more than they should because finances aren't limiting them (hell people do this now, that's why we have debt).  Even with machines doing all the work, our resources, and thus our production, would not be infinite.  As a result, there would be limits on what people can and can't have.  And even if they had everything they need, they wouldn't have everything they ., and there's a big motivation for crime..Not to mention hierarchy.  Society would still need structure, there would be some jobs that still need to get done (public services like hospitals and firefighters, entertainment industry, etc).  Would these people be higher on the societal ladder because they're 'contributors' or lower because they're workers and don't have the luxury to just sit back.  And then there's the need for some sort of government/societal organization.  Which means certain people will have more power than others.  And another motivation for crime..I think my post turned out a lot more cynical than I anticipated, but I guess I just have a very gritty out look on true human nature.
But fact remains that certain resources still . limited, and unless you do need to control access to them. Capitalists do it by wealth, monarchists by social status and communists by need. You will still need to differentiate. And there will always be those without access, so the amount of crime will not change.
I haven't thought it fully through yet, but 3D printing is going to be a huge influence in this when you no longer need to buy that replacement part, or that toy.  It will be one of the biggest disruptors we have seen since the personal computer.
Essentially correct. The crux of the matter is that with unrestricted free time and all their base needs satisfied, humans would rather pursue their interests than screw each other over. That is, to say the least, a point in contention. I'd LOVE to someday find out, wouldn't you??
Well with no money to be made, it would probably disrupt pretty much every major power base. So long as people don't steal the robots from each other, all that anyone could do is convince other people to let their robots work for them, and make the other person do actual work for a living instead. Or something, I don't know. I didn't really figure out how these robots would work either. They would have to practically be sentient to run the world for us.
Just make a robot to guard your robots. 
Unfortunately, some people's interests are specifically screwing people over. Destroying someone's business gives some people a unique pleasure that they won't be able to attain in a post scarcity, post work society.
I'm pretty sure you've just described the Star Trek version of Earth. If only enough shared your vision...
The kind of society in The Next Generation is definitely a good mark for us to aim for.
Food replicators will be the biggest push in that direction. Come on, 3D printers!
It would either go in that direction or the Wall-E direction.
It is called Communism.  Somehow, it never seems to work out the way they plan.
I think the passenger is overcompensating for his post-pubescent braces.
As a past Ex-Pat in Kuwait I'm not surprised at all.
I was thinking of looking for work in Q8, what does your dad do there? 
Lion tamer
You know it's not called the Mystery Van right? 
Mystery Machine? idk I haven't watched too much scooby doo in a long while
*than
thank you auto correct :)
Ghost Busters!
is this 5th avenue at the Gaslamp?
Yup! 
badass!
Whatever you do, stay out of the hotel.
I hope thats where you left it. 
The silly things you see in a dollar store .. 
Cats are godless.
Are those cheerios? Wait....corn nuts? 
Some sort of nut, guessing something was living in there at some point
Nice. 
why would you be mad?
Entire place looks like something out of a video game. Amazing. 
Hopefully not that pixelated.
Just looking at this...Jesus! I have to pee!
Ok... Adding this to the bucket list.
That's all I could think the entire time. There's actually like 60 waterfalls and 28 lakes. The water is crystal clear and you can see giant fish swimming all around. I will upload my personal pics of the place in a bit to share with you all :) 
Congrats. Very cool.
Thank you! It made me and my dad so happy since we are -$3000.00
Very nice, every little thing helps. I've been that far in the negative, which is why I now can't eat ramen noodles or spam. Lol.
What's it worth dollar wise?
I'm not sure yet, this is my first year doing it, but from the material we gathered this is only 6 teaspoons worth. 
Seems legit... bunch of black babies and no daddies around..BAZINGA!
I've been there! About 5 years ago on my honeymoon.   :)
I wish I was using a better camera. Of all the pictures I took in Mexico, this is one of my very favorites. That little fat boy was walking up the street towards me and turned the corner, stopping as I was trying to take a picture of how he was dressed, but instead I ended up with this.
That rain made the news here in KY
I also had a long free car wash yesterday on my drive home. If it weren't for drivers turned idiots, it might have been pleasant.
Yikes, looks nasty.
I had the Accuweather app running in the jeep on the way home, and while I watched the clouds just turn darker...and darker...and darker...I decided to pull off at a gas station and put the top up (Ladson, around Hwy 78).  Started pouring about 20s after I finished getting the top up.  I like living dangerously.
lovely
Not the size or quality of the tombstone that matters, but how you and your family remember him and honor his memory. I'm sorry for your loss.
Since it's made of wood, how often does it need to be replaced?
"See this? It's all mine."
Expiration date: 1996?
Did you try it?
Dude, I think your grandpa is a 90's kid.
I'm still debating between that...
or putting it in a glass case...
or sending the back of the box to Kraft and demanding my poster!
The pasta should be just fine, if not a bit chewy. Your real problem will be the powdered cheese. Don't try this. .Or do. .You know what...do it.
if you send it to me I'll eat it
Well he is using internet explorer.
Well done..aso, his torso has a face   :o
what did you use?
just pencil and colored it green in photoshop. eventually i'll ink and color it...
Source : .   
TIL, OP is a pyro
How the hell were you going to drink those ...
Who farted
I like your pants.
Aaaaaaaand thank you.
Mummy? Is that you? Muuummmyyy
You guys really look alike.
:( after proper grieving go out and find Joanne Whaley or Dick Van Pike.
They're kinda blue...
You don't say, . are also known as blueprints :)
120.00?? I don't know.. What material is it made out of?
I worked for a bathroom remodeling company.. we had a customer who had a 1/8" rain glass sliding door on their shower.. it went boom just like that.. in the middle of the night, when no one was around.. So I was tasked with bringing them a new door.. I get it out of the truck take 1 step and I hear POP.. look over and there is nothing in my hands.. damn thing shattered in my hand.. The thickness of the glass is very important. The exact same sliding door in 1/4" glass didn't have this issue.
I guess it didn't have a very good temper
The interesting thing about tempered glass is that it is very strong on its surface. But it explodes catastrophically if the edges are hit or you try to cut it. .Just glad no one was in the shower. That would not gave been a nice place to be naked at that moment.  
Technically, it's called "Impact Resistant Glazing" ("tempered glass" is a trademark of LOF) and is about 40-60% more resistant to impact breakage. It NOT unbreakable. Because of the way it is made in layers and cooled a certain way, it has internal tension so that it breaks into small chunks rather than sharp slivers and is less likely to cut you.
Yup, that's safety glass. 
did it...? did it 
Only because the cat was thinking of ways to assassinate you for doing this.
I'm impressed if it stayed there for 5 seconds
I hope that I can live a life that will allow me to smile even at the end. This is a beautiful picture. I'm sorry for your loss. If you don't mind me asking, what is your favorite memory of her? 
Thank you. And probably when I was little she would set me on her leg like a horse, and move it up and down. I loved her very much.
My grandmother used to do that too! She seems like she was a lovely person. 
Indeed she was. Best person I've ever known.
I'd like to get a job as an optimist, but I doubt there's many vacancies and I probably wouldn't get the job anyway.
Saving Ryan's Privates... since we are doing PornPuns
Ron "Hanks" Jeremy
Hanks - The Porn Years
Which one of the Mario Brothers will he be playing?
I like my meth blue, and extra crispy.
This rabbit has been in my yard on and off for like a month now. Kids want to keep it as a pet.. im thinking not. 
Just play with your food then it can be both.
Had a friend in high school who bred and showed rabbits at competitions. They also bred the same rabbits for food. The first visit I took to her house she showed me her "pet" rabbits they had loose in the living room. Then she showed me the butchered bunny bodies they had in the deep freezer. After that she became more of an acquaintance. Through the years I've known her I learned how messed up she really was. She became a very callus person. 
Yes.
I hour, gas mark 6, with redcurrant jelly-Yum!
No.
Dinner.  Delicious stew dinner.
She looks familiar... may I ask how long she has been in?
Almost two years now. 
im sorry but i love down voting anything that has to do with soldiers effe em all 
It's always good to see people using their first amendment rights. 
ok, nvm then lol
If that's a selfie... Someone with black gloves is very close to dangerous.
Because science.
There was something between the sun and the right side of the photo. .Source: common sense 
I designed these myself! Ask me anything!
If you're interested in purchasing head over to
unless he go backward
To, uh, slow it down man. Don't you know nothing ?
Maybe he's trying to fly, from his ass end.
Perhaps when driving at highway speeds, that angle reduces the wake behind the car and reduces fuel consumption?.nah.
Pretty sure this car is fwd
fucked without doubt
Shit, how did I not realize that, aero-brakes. Like bugatti and mcclaren. 
wtf is that a real food..ima just go over here and cry now
Yup. Found it at a grocery store. 
at least its high . like all disney products
It's okay pa, he's my dog...ill feed him this Disney brand dog and he'll be in a better place.
I actually like the new Fords. They've really improved their visual designs over the past year.
Not for all police forces.
Too bad that's a Decepticon. 
Why would it be depressed with a view like that!
i dont know either! :)
Djenn is home to ..
Good! Maybe management might learn something! Sure know my manager could use this info. I find her completely useless, and so do a lot of the Co workers. If it weren't for her good looks, and hard core sales tactics that annoy people into buying to shut her up, she wouldn't be a manager.
That's because no one has the goal to erase it.  Didn't you learn anything from your own graphic?
No one has the goal or no one has the gall to erase it?
repost on whats gata be damn near every subreddit ever. 
So how far could that bullet travel before it delivers a nonlethal shot?
About that distance. 

Cool!  Thanks!
I love it.  Sweet Pic was it taken from Quincy? 
Yes it was, my former hometown ;-)
Love that dirty water.
Heck yes we do!  Boston strong!
Happy Cake Day!
Thanks!
I didn't find one either. They found me.
Huh? Wouldn't that be the same for ALL races of boys?? 
It's called Ebony. I came across it while I was in the checkout line at Walmart.
Ivory: How to Raise Smart White Boys.......Wait. No - that'd be racist, right? 
not according to this magazine...
What magazine is it?
Ebony Magazine, July 2013. Though the website doesn't have the article in question.
*it's
IT"S SOOO FLUFFY!
My niece is 9, she is still trying to out grow the giant teddy I bought her when she was born.
 might help out with this. 
FTFY
Smoke alarm?
don't dance naked in view of it....
Whatever it is, for God's sake do NOT paint it.
Thank you!
One of things Luke, Han and Chewie were shooting at when they rescued Princess Leia?
 Smoke Alarm.
its a snow cone maker.
I can't put my finger on which model, the Do Not Paint is for the roof mount so that the paint does not make the sensor fit incorrectly..The test button is there to test the alarm to verify that it is in working order.  Nothing like having a passive sensor that is not detecting anything because its not working.
It's a camera recording you.  I would definitely paint over it.
He works for the NSA, & they're spying on you. 
Probably the best thing to do would be to ask your landlord.  It looks like a smoke alarm or . CO alarm.
Carbon Monoxide is not CO2 (which is Carbon Dioxide) Carbon Monoxide will kill you sweetly, CO2 is what you exhale. .But your totally right, judging by the test/silence button it's likely some sort of emergency alarm. Monoxide detectors are mandatory in my county, a lot of service calls that Ive seen are for installing combo fire/monoxide/emergency response alarms. 
Whoops.  Sorry about that.  Meant CO alarm.
Nerve gas
"oh god why are we bliiiiiiiiiiind!"
Put it in a bag of rice overnight, it'll be fine.
Then the Asians will smell the rice and come fix your phone. 
Yeah, a shady past. He is not a saint.
I wouldn't exactly say "."...
What are you talking about, that's Morgan Freeman!

I wanted that whiny bitch kid to get eaten so bad....
Really amazing, I'd like to see something like this live.
Taken by a local amateur photographer name Paul Yonna.."Amateur photographer Paul Yonna was rushing to beat the garbage truck when he was lucky enough to catch a first glimpse of the rainbow."."It was only there for a few minutes. I'm so glad I looked up in time to see it and grab my camera," Mr Yonna said.."It was bright way to start the day."
wow
I wish we could get the 'untouched' photo as well. 
I pulled this straight from his Facebook page..What makes you think this is touched up?
Anyone else remember that one episode where there was a new kid in the class and he was a weird race of alien that got to choose their gender at a certain age so the boys and girls launched a campaign about which is better and at the end if the episode; they never revealed which one it choose? That was total bullshit
Is there anyone out that that does not believe that if the amber were carefully dissolved that that roach would crawl off?

[deleted]
Well your not wrong.
What leads you to think it's fake?
U! S! ..hey!
Harvey Milk?
No homo
Well, I believe the obvious course of action is to set the town on fire and turn around. 
Just like it was before!
my landlord won't even notice it
notice what?
good man
I thought it was a fucked up ninja turtle picture.
ninja praying mantis
that's gonna give me nightmares
Yes!
I hope that is sunset.....Red sky at night, sailors delight,
Red sky in the morning, sailors take warning ...
Shia Labeouf?
Uhh.. No. Johnny Cash
With that kind of steering column, I would expect it to be a delivery truck.  But, virtually all cars and trucks before 1915 would have had spoked wheels, not solid wheels with lug nuts.
The only vehicles back then with solid wheels were heavy lift trucks, such as logging trucks.
I see, have any idea of its era? 20s?
Based on those wheels, I am going to say something like a 1930 Chevrolet; not sure of the model.  The wheels on many of their cars of the day were like that.  They are missing the rim, as seen in this image:.OK, now I am certain it's a Chevy, somewhere around 1930 (this is a 1928 frame).  Very, very similar.
98 Dodge Dakota $2000.00 OBO.Cannon replaced in May 2013 it has 140000 miles on it. Bedliner,  New AC compressor installed last year. Oil &filter just changed. Two new mannequin heads on a stick are include with the truck  Ask for Don  
Looked like he was selling truck and the cannon, I'm less sure about the severed mannequin heads on a stick but I bet he'd part with those for the right price as well..I didn't inquire..Scary part; he's driving the same style . as me.
RIP Nelson Mandela
I thought Morgan Freeman was in his 70s.
He's not dead 
Practically
His family alleges that he is actaully responsive now and even watching TV. He is a trooper 
Alien blue says the image is non existing. :( I want to see her smile, I just go to work. I guess the thumbnail will do. :( 
" Your pussy is out of this world "
Print picture.
Hand to girl.
Say line.
????
Profit.

Big thanks to the OCC's and OP's that made this album possible!
Regional tastes. Us Americans have flavors that are really confusing to people in other countries such as the UK
want
The black one is something-mayonnaise flavor. Not sure what tsuna is. 
(that's a mussel)
Jam out with your mussel out doesn't have the same ring.

It wouldnt be so bad if u got one tht was ur size n not so tight 
Someone posted "I think she is pretty" and it was downvoted because it wasn't calling her an attention seeker or a snide comment telling her to lose weight. .Yes, she is overweight, so what?! Being unhealthy offends you so much? Drinking is unhealthy, smoking is unhealthy, sitting on reddit all day refusing to engage with society is unhealthy. Being underweight is unhealthy! But no one gives a shit about that when almost all of the models and celebrities are in magazines wearing bikinis and the media celebrates it .If she is comfortable with her size then awesome for her! She's not fat, she's overweight (you wouldn't exactly see her on "morbidly obese: a year to save my life", would you?.At the end of the day, it's not her fault that her weight offends you, and lets be fair - none of you really give a shit about her health. If a pretty girl posted a picture of her looking gorgeous and exhaling cigarette smoke, I'm pretty sure the comments wouldn't be full of abuse and health warnings. .This is exactly the sort of shit she went there for. People are allowed to look and dress whatever way they feel without being slated for it, and you should all be ashamed of yourselves. 
I'd definitely do her, but that is a shitty cosplay.
I think your point may have been better made with a well done costume, or one that was more flattering to your body type.  I cosplay too, my most recent being ., and have seen a lot of fuller figured ladies doing fantastic jobs of costumes that suit them.  One that comes to mind is an Ursula that was truly fantastic..I believe that there is some truth to "cosplay your body type" look at me-you think I'd ever make a decent Powergirl, or any other female superhero, really?  I'd end up getting bashed, just as you are, for being the Powergirl (or whatever) with the curves of a 12 year old boy..There's also the option of cosplaying the character you want, but altering the costume to still be true, but more flattering.  For example, when I went as the (cartoon version) of Aeon Flux, I wore a pair of shorts, as opposed to her G-string.  You could easily still do a sexified captain America, but have it be more flattering.  Keep the boots and the mask, swap the bra for a corset or bustier, you don't need to tight lace for extreme reduction, but it will give you better posture, a smoother silhouette, and insane cleavage up to your chin.  Instead of the ill fitting undies, a skirt of some sort.  And don't forget the shield!
people seem to be offended by the cosplay, not her weight.
I reckon she is pretty. 
yuck!
My eyes!!! Arghhhh!
You people are crazy and shallow, you look sexy :-) 
She should have cosplayed as a trashcan
This. This. This. 
That's fine, but if you're gonna make a sign about it, check the spelling. 
Being fat is not OK. It's unhealthy. I hate the "fat and proud" movement. Take better care of yourself and your health and your whole "movement" becomes unnecessary.
Oh bullshit. I can believe for a second you actually care about my health. 
We really don't, care about your health.  We'd just rather not see a buttered pig in a half-assed costume.  May I suggest a sheet with a hole cut in the top next time draped over your shoulders?
Did I say I gave a shit?.No. I said if these people gave a shit about their own health, then they would not be fat and their pro-fat movement would be unnecessary.
Less effort in making a stupid point online, more effort at the gym. 
Have nothing against any form of people cosplaying... But aside from the fact I dislike that amount of unnecessary skin being shown, that is an incredibly lazy cosplay. By all means cosplay a male character, but well last I checked he doesn't expose that much skin and his defining point is a certain shield..I mean even many sexualised female characters wear more than that...
... But Shouldn't. 
No one cares. Move a long.
People should be judged by the content of their character, not their appearance..
Most of your comments are sickening.  Good for her, she is having fun.
Fat people cosplaying?.Go ahead, your body, I have no right to stop you..People cosplaying -poorly-.Now we have a problem. That costume is awful, and would look awful on anyone. Instead of reading your message, and agreeing with you, I instantly dislike you. It's a shame too, because I saw from your other posts you -can- cosplay well (your Molotov cock-tease was really well done.) I'm glad you are proud of your body, really...but put some effort into your protest costume next time.
Good for her for being comfortable in her skin. My only real issue is that when I look at her she isn't believable as a superhero because she isn't in shape. The character she's playing isn't just sexy, the character is also a prime physical specimen. It goes both ways too. If I were to see a 120lb man dressed as King Leonidas from 300, I'd think, hey cool costume but it's not believable on you. 
This is a pathetic plea for attention that should not be supported.
Lol. Yeah. Being bashed online fulfills my attention needs so well. I think you missed the part where I'm not doing this for me. 
says the girl with a billion "LOOK AT ME" posts 
Who are you doing it for exactly? Oppressed fat tumblretards? 
The ton of people that came up to me and thanked me. People who are too scared to put themselves out there because if people like you 
The fat logic is strong with this one. You're clearly there to make a spectacle of yourself and garner attention. You're not cosplay as an inverted gender Captain America. You threw on a pair of panties, boots, a bra, a mask, made a stupid sign, and went out there to get noticed. You don't even have a fucking shield. Don't get mad when people call you out on your bullshit. First rule of cosplaying is cosplay your body type. 
I like you already.
I have no problem with "fat cosplayers"..... but I have a problem with girls who are starved for attention that slap on a shitty, lazy costume and parade around in their underwear under the guise of a cause..You're an easy find on the internet, and while your whole noshame campaign is superduper awesome, you're really a shitty example since you photoshop the fuck out of yourself in all of your modelling pictures. Stop this body positive bullshit and just admit you like to run around in shitty costumes that show off your body and everyone can go away happy.
Yeah... photographers Photoshop the photos. Not me. Sorry. That's just how the modeling world works. 
you'd think someone who was so body positive would ask them to not Photoshop you lolololol.or go to photographers who don't shave 100 lbs off their models
And what would you know about the "Modeling world".  Are you gunning for a spread in a fat fetishist magazine?  Looking to be the next "big" thing as a plus sized "Model".   Lol
If she wants to dress up as whatever, that's fine. But, it seems as if she's doing it just to prove a point or just so people will say shit, which is maybe why she brought that sign with her...don't make a scene about it, just do what you fucking want and not care. If you know clothes aren't going to fit on you and look ridiculous, maybe don't do it - and that goes for skinny people wearing exceptionally large and baggy clothing as well...
Let's see Kid's halloween mask, captain america underoos, and some red and blue. Captain America isn't a female character so there's no need for skimpy clothes to begin with. Also where's her shield? It's the most iconic part of the character. No one ever told "fat chics" they couldn't cosplay, please don't turn everything into a fucking issue.
Actually fat bashing and bullying is a huuuuuge problem is the cosplay world. The skimpy outfit is to show that I'm fat. That's the point. 
You could have at least made a good costume to make your point. You just look like a lazy slob.

but being fat isn't something good
Neither is being full of insecurities. Or being bullied. 
And that had what to do with being overweight and displaying it openly to everyone?
Idk to show other fat girls that peoples hurtful words should never stop you from doing anything in life. That you are as confident as you left yourself be, other peoples opinions of you are worthless. Do what you want regardless of what othes say. 
Well thats all fine and dandy, but I still don't see how this pertains to bullying.... you know the comment I replied to. 
How is that not about bullying? Ignoring hurtful words and being happy with yourself has to do with bullying.
And we wish they wouldn't..Those outfits are ridiculous on the body type they are meant for, and that sure as shit isn't that body type..You can cosplay and not look like you just rolled out of bed in your underwear, threw on a mask and some boots and came to a con.
I agree fat chicks are fucking disgusting.
Do you guys really see her as that fat?  I see her as exceptionally out of shape and overweight, but I don't see her as "disgusting" at all.  Her legs are actually small.  It's her thighs and belly that are large.  Even her arms have some tone to them and you can tell that there was once a fit person in there.  I actually admire her confidence; I work SO hard to stay lean because I'm so self conscious about my weight.  Even still, I couldn't wear that outfit.  You guys are harsh. I think she looks okay.  Not good, but okay. 
On what fucking overweight planet is that true?
Not saying they are, but trying to pretend that as a fat person you can wear the same shit that the model body type is meant for doesn't exactly make you look your best..Its like a fat person wearing skinny jeans, it's a bad idea.
;) come on, you know you want to admit that fat chicks are gross. 
You seem to really have a thing for fat chicks... Judging by the ";)" I believe you may be trying to hide your love for them. Just a thought.
I mean I would fuck the shit out of one, but then I would feel really bad about myself...
Thank you for being honest. 
I personally prefer girls with a little meat on their bones, not fat chicks, but not rails either.
like Kate Upton?
Sure that works.
Goddesses don't count... they're above women.
Yes I see her as fat, she's easily 30+ lbs overweight, she is definitely in obese territory.
Hahahahaha you're funny. 
She may have 30 lbs to lose, but obese she is not. 
I don't know why you were down voted. Technically, according to a BMI measurement, yeah she would be classified as overweight. I wish people would accept fat as they do skinny. If someone is fat, then they are fat. It's a fact. It doesn't mean they are any less of a great person.
I very much agree. 
Because fat people don't like being told that they are fat.  And because the American Media is making being fat as Okay because such a huge portion of the population is.
My god do you know how many stimpacks you could get with that amount of caps? 
I started collecting bottle caps when I was about 4 years old. Picked them up in parking lots, restaurants, pretty much everywhere I went. Impressive collection
Try 
Moth.
Thanks - got a reply! 
Probably works great without headers...
Now do the harlem shake
I live in Cologne. Where is it?
An der Ecke Kleine Sandkaul, Grzenichstrae. Laut Googlemaps "Kleine Sandkaul 4, 50667 Kln". Auf Streetview sieht mans leider nicht, da dort inzwischen ne Baustelle ist..Corner of Kleine Sandkaul and Grzenichstrae. According to Googlemaps "Kleine Sandkaul 4, 50667 Kln". Not visible via Streetview because it's part of a construction site.
Schnen Dank...
Well done. 
Nice one!
I don't have anything witty to say. Just wanted to say that this looks great. Keep up the good work!
Note to haters: try living through it, then see if you can mock this image still. It's obvious (to me, and to OP/other redditors) that a lot of feels went into making it... and without any formal education in art whatsoever, even I know that art is about what it makes you feel when you see/hear it. :).OP: tell him "random guy on the internet says grats" for me, will ya? When I hit 365 I'll think back to him. This will probably be the hundredth time I've tried to get sober, seeing stuff like this definitely gives me a sense of hope and strength. So thanks for sharing :).My turn: On day 1 of my sobriety I filled a notebook with stuff like this 
Good grief, reddit can be a mean place to hang out. Good luck on your journey to sobriety, I certainly hope it has gotten better since that day 1 image.
365 days? That's almost a whole year.
Absolutely love that photo.  Tell him congrats on his first year!  Judging from the photo, he already knows life is better.
Is he a fantastic artist and photographer?
ITT: Self-proclaimed expert artists and photographers worthy of judging another's skill, regardless of level possessed. 
Do I have to be a filmmaker to criticise film?
THank you and your friend, I need to get off the fake pot. I don't even know what the hell it is.
You misspelled "mediocre".
I can't agree with anything to do with the title at all. Like even being a buddy, you should protect him from this shit.
2/10 good for an edgy 10 year old
I was doing this shit on photoshop day one! Also, 2 is a little generous
This is pretty bad
I'm hungover and have a wee bit of a drinking problem. I think he did a fine job. I'm not a professional photographer but isnt the point of any artistic photo to convey a thought or idea. 
Exactly! If you want to convey a simple idea (like sobriety) there's no need to make some brilliant photo etc. .This is why people don't hire Steven Spielberg or Quentin Tarantino to shoot tampon commercials, there's no point.
I too hope he can inspire someone to change themselves to be better. Because I always wish the best to anyone I never met. .Photographs is probably not what helps in this case though.

We're not mocking his sobriety, I think it's great that he took this path.
But yeah, it's really hard to call this fantastic photoshop work.
People who get life changing inspiration from an armature photoshopped photo should drink themselves to death.  
What is armature in this context?
It's a mistype.  Do you really need me to clarify the misspelled word ?  It looks pretty obvious to me what the intention was. 
Nope, sure don't need an explanation. Just me being a smart-ass because I don't think he should kill himself.  I think that he is obviously not a professional photographer, but anyone who has spent too much time wasted at the bottom of a bottle, can see the statement made.
I need to lay back on the drinking myself, but I'm not going to do some shitty photoshop job to celebrate not drinking. 
Awesome on the first year!...However probably time to find a new hobby, preferably one he doesn't suck at.
GJ for him not killing himself with alcohol, but if you could tell him to kill himself for the shitty photo that would be nice, thanks pumpkin. 
That's a really, . cruel and immature thing to say (tell him to kill himself for.....)..Yeah, it's shitty as fuck and looks like some dilapidated stock photo....but that doesn't mean you should joke about shit like that.  Just sayin'...
lol this is terrible. I mean grats on the sobriety 'n all. But lol. Lol.
He's really not a fantastic artist or photographer, though. 
I thought I was clicked on a cringepics post for a second.
You guys are gonna make OP's friend relapse with this criticism lol.
OP's friend is probably a sanctimonious dickbag if he's like any of the quitters I know.
Workers may be sneaking pizzas out by stuffing them in their bums.
Step 1 Get filmed taking a righteous shit.
Step 2 Sue.
Step 3 Profit.
Is that a camera? That's illegal.
Is that legal?
Throw a towel over it.  Better yet, throw a towel over it and then duct tape the hell out of it to make it a giant pain in the ass to remove..I'm getting really fucking sick of this surveillance society bullshit.
Threaten to sue 
Do you work in retail?
Pizza delivery.
Hey is this a chain or independent? (you don't have to name names)  And this is IN the pizza place?.What's so weird about this, is that the wall is very narrow, and there is a coat hanger on the door, which basically points to it being a 1 person restroom. Like most this wouldn't have a stall to cover you, and would just be open toilet, giving the camera everything..Total WTF is that is the case. 
Can someone give me 3 legitimate reasons why a camera would ever need to be in the bathroom of a Pizza place?
Burglary, maybe the whole place is bugged.
I could think of a few singular reasons also, but 3 legitimate reasons though? I couldn't do it.
Because if you're doing nothing wrong then you have nothing to hide.

Make sure they wash their hands..Make sure they are actually going to the toilet and not checking things on their phone..Making sure they aren't masterbating on the job... dunno.
The NSA's watching
Not if OP is the boss.
Hidden Camera Laws
The laws of 13 states expressly prohibit the unauthorized installation or use of cameras in private places. A private place is one where a person may reasonably expect to be safe from unauthorized surveillance, locker rooms, restrooms etc. Several states have laws prohibiting the use of hidden cameras in only certain circumstances, such as in locker rooms or restrooms, or for the purpose of viewing a person in a state of partial or full nudity..Alabama, Delaware, Georgia, Hawaii, Kansas, Maine, Michagin, Minnesota, South Dakota, and Utah also prohibit trespassing on private property to conduct surveillance of people there..In Alabama, Arkansas, California, Delaware, Georgia, Hawaii, Kansas, Maine, Michigan, Minnesota, New Hampshire, South Dakota, and Utah, installation or use of any device for photographing, observing or overhearing events or sounds in a private place without permission of the people photographed or observed is against the law.
Interesting
Message from my friend: "My sister and I are currently trying to save all impounded dogs in Lapulapu City, Philippines. All of them are allowed to stay a maximum of five (5) days in the pound before being terminated using the gas chamber. At first, we tried to have them adopted in a weekly basis. But since we cannot keep up with the numbers of the dogs being impounded everyday and are scheduled to be put to sleep every Friday, we have come up with an idea to house them to be rehabilitated and treated before being put up for adoption. Since all rescue shelters are currently full and they refused to take in any more dogs, we decided to build a new place for the dogs to stay. We have lost a lot of dogs already because the pound is not conducive for them to recuperate especially for the sickly ones. Their health is rapidly declining. Even some of the healthier ones died already from insufficient food and from transmittable diseases.
In line with this, we need to raise at least Php150,000 (approximately USD3,600) for the construction materials and other needs of the 53 dogs. A good samaritan has offered us to use a portion of her unused farm to house all the dogs for free. We are humbly asking anyone who would like to share their blessings to help these poor souls.  Any amount will make these dogs happy no matter how small it is. We have been spending our personal money to send some of them to our private vet. But we don't have enough for the construction of their temporary home. We will be documenting everything to show that the money will be used accordingly. ".PM me if you need their personal info if you want to help them in this mission to save the dogs.
Thanks to my grandmother and her incessant note taking, I have more history on him than probably anyone else does. The back of the photo says:."He and his boss (on a dude ranch) were shot by the neighbor man on a (Dude Ranch) over property lines. The man got a life sentence and only served 8 years, then parolled."."Murdered in 1959 at Bagnell Damn"."He liked to stay with me and Paul" (My Grandpa)."Larry Dale Irwin" "(Ruby and Clate Irwin's son).I was able to find his headstone online: 
Kinda looks like chigger bites.  If it is, they'll be gone in a few days.  Is it only on your legs? 
It is gross. 
Yes only on the legs...
Random rash?  Ask reddit over summertime.  It is full of out-of-school High Schoolers and working people who obviously spend more time on reddit than work..But, that aside, and my extensive medical training, I can say with a lot of confidence that you have AIDS.
Ironic. Sounds like an answer one of those out-of-school kids you were talking about would give.
[deleted]
Look into vasculitis. My brother had it and it looked really similar. 
I think this is what it is. Thank you! 
Flaming Cancer usually comes in a more orangered color.  This is clearly the typical AIDS color.
Herpes Zoster
Funny......You will not get good answers when you come to reddit for medical advice.  You go to a doctor.
I never said you would get good medical advice. I simply stated how ironic your comment was..I assume you make a lot of these posts as well, since RES shows i'v got -218 points for you.. so that's cool too.
Obviously, my opinion should not replace that of a medical professional, but living in the country my whole life that's what it looks like to me.  You could probably just pop in your nearest pharmacy and ask the them.  If it is, they can recommend something for the itch and it will go away pretty soon.
That's what I was thinking as well.  Looks like chiggers or perhaps ticks, I've dealt with a few patients who had similar reactions (former EMS here).
oh grief, the thought of having that many tick bites just makes me a little bit sick.  Those little buggers seriously creep me out.
These are flat though ...aren't chiggers bumpy? 
It's itchy, flat and doesn't turn white when pressed...anyone have any idea?
Maybe you should seek the opinion of a Dermatologist.
Its actually my friend's leg. She went to the doctor yesterday but they couldn't identify it. They prescribed a steroid and told her if it doesn't clear up to see one. Thought I'd try to spare her by asking reddit.
I would rather die of cancer than have this dude's full hand inside my anus.
Damn repostas
At least I know my optometrist is doing it right now... I felt the fisting was a little unneeded at first...
"I just came in for my regular sigth check, how does your hand in my anus contribute to that?".- "Shhh, trust me, I am doctor."
reminds me of Family Guy
Its not bad until you realize both his hands are on your back...
Yeah. Then it gets really good!
Is the arse simulator a real thing?
no, they practice with real asses from the beginning.
each others asses. 
You just made me imagine one fucked-up sick doctors academy.
"Using the whole fist there, Doc?"
"Moooon river..."
"Didn't find anything."."Well it wasn't for a lack of trying."
Tomorrow on the Steam Summer Sale...
oh baby
Can the guy in the monitor react?
"C-o-p-y-r-i-g-h-t 2-0-1-2 A-s-s M-a-s-t-e-r-s"
I think the makers of Surgeon Simulator 2013 have their next game.
A N.A L R.A P E
E!... OKAY WERE DONE
Nintendo R&D has gone . far!
Fun Fact: In the UK, prostate exams are done with the patient on their side with their knees brought up to their chest.
GTA V1 San Andre Ass
Am I the only one who worries about this guys technique of resting his other arm on the guys back?
Never use four fingers!
Call of Booty: Black Polyps
"I can't see through the tears"
said the patient
Finally! Proctologist: The Videogame. WHERE WAS THIS ON E3?!?
I want that game, for, uhm, gaming, yes!
How difficult is it to give a prostate exam? Couldn't a spouse do it instead of a doctor? I seems to me, that many men may just never get the tests done because of the embarrassment involved with having a stranger up their butt. 
I can't believe you just leake the new surgeon simulator dlc!
ptnf
put... put your dick in it
BRAZZERS
robutt
 ... see you at the airport
This is a beta version of the home game Brazzers is developing
"I'm sorry sir. It isn't 'O, O, O, O.'"
is it EEEEeeeEEEE!?
"doc, are you sure I need to pull my pants down again... I only came here for an eye exam..." 
Edit: I found the .! It's ..
Here we go again:.Full 3D MRI of your rectum: $7500.Doctor sticking his finger up your butt: $75.Your choice.
Looks a lot like Explosm
I've found the source and updated my previous comment.
  [ahr-key-ik]. marked by the characteristics of an earlier period; antiquated: an archaic manner; an archaic notion.. (of a linguistic form) commonly used in an earlier time but rare in present-day usage except to suggest the older time, as in religious rituals or historical novels. Examples: thou; wast; methinks; forsooth.. forming the earliest stage; prior to full development: the archaic period of psychoanalytic research.. ( . ) pertaining to or designating the style of the fine arts, especially painting and sculpture, developed in Greece from the middle 7th to the early 5th century b.c., chiefly characterized by an increased emphasis on the human figure in action, naturalistic proportions and anatomical structure, simplicity of volumes, forms, or design, and the evolution of a definitive style for the narrative treatment of subject matter. Compare classical (  def 6 ) , Hellenistic (  def 5 ).. primitive; ancient; old: an archaic form of animal life.
omg, it's not ahr-kay-ik???
You're taking it in the ass in either scenario.
Rule 6.
Hello Gamestop, I'd like to pre-order "Fisting Fantasy" for the XBOX ONE.
Does that come with the Prostate Pro controller or do I need to order it separately?
Comes with the console; however, it must always be on to play your games.
That's one game I don't want to buy used!

A "reel-y" great idea.
GOD DAMNIT IT'S TOO BIG I'M GOING TO HAVE TO CUT THE LINE
Bait caster butt wipe, this is pure brilliance 
Cat is gonna kill that bunny.  Cats don't fuck around.
Soon.
nom nom nom...

That's gorgeous..
Because you apparently don't like her boobs. Go apologize. 
[deleted]
"Excuse me? My face is down here!"
She is wearing a tshirt with her own face on it.
I assume a picture of yourself on a t-shirt is the apex of vanity.

It's only easy if you know it.
It's only hard if you're an idiot.
where are you?
The sea of Nope, along the Nope Coast.
Aww, it's just a hammerhead. Thise guys are (mostly) harmless.

Morgan Freeman?
Was surprised he didn't go for his pic.
That was exactly my first thought. 

We should fill a bunch of tires up with gas and light them on fire in his honor.

I do believe that young man and his compatriot in the background are sans pants.  And nobody seems to care.
a ball point?
The googles tell me it's a rollerball.
Did you find a value?
At least $200, from what I can tell. Which blows my mind. Someone had to have been either ridiculously stupid or having an awful day to leave this behind. I feel bad for them.
I was just looking around and saw a mechanical pencil from the same maker that sells for just over $400.  Fancy, to say the least.
Silver Note
Anything special about it?

Kennedy commissioned those before he was assassinated..In 1963 President John F. Kennedy issued Executive Order 11110, authorizing the Department of Treasury to issue additional Silver Certificates for any silver held by the U.S. Government in excess of that not already backing issued certificates..It was cancelled 1964.
What a shame the hawk went hungry.
I'm sure the hawk will find something else to eat (lots of squirrels, rabbits, opossums, etc. around here.).If it had eaten the white squirrel, my kids would have cried. They were hoping the squirrel would return to eat regularly.
Damn! That's gorgeous! As is the cat...
why those downvotes? this is a impressive, not humdrum photo. 
Sorry for the quality. Found the picture on a danish news site: . and can't seem to find a better resolution :/
Tats Big!! :P
The first one to go would be my friend, he loves frogs. I always warned him. R.I.P. B. I told you those frogs were up to no good. 
Bought this movie about 10 years ago from the $5 bin @ WalMart.  Was not disapointed
how does sitting in the sun make your dog very british?
Don't do it. We're too crowded as it is.
Looks like it was burned up in Pompeii. 
Once you go black...
Why..? Just, Why?
What's that colorful stuff on top?
Probably dyed black to cover up how shitty the meat is.
you wonder where your welfare is at?
I like my hot dogs like I like my women, African-American.
you don't have to tip?
reminds me of the 
I hear those black dogs are tasty
It looks like Cthulu's dick.
Ketchup and relish it looks like..(pre-woosh: I get it, but the hot dog itself is still black)
Sooooo... Are they bigger?
Black snake turn into black stick 
Would ya just look at the mouth on that...
That's a damn fine glass you've got there. Mind telling me whereabouts you got it?
Only 23 more items and this case will be gone. So much more free space!
At least you got it in the can and not the crappy bottle version. 
Nifty little guide on how to make guiness:.3.add seltzer water and black food coloring.
They say not to pour guinness out of a can or bottle due to the nitrogen widget. I never dont though.
The drink of men
Nice pour there.  
The bottles are supposed to be drank from the bottle. The cans however are meant to be poured into a glass. I think the bottles don't even come with the widget in them anymore :(
I hate it when men let women boss them around.
Those cans are much easier to throw out when they are empty
Well yeah, everyone knows canned beer always tastes better than that horrible beer in glass bottles.  That's why OP poured the beer into a glass, because cans are so awesome.  /s
No, there is actually a reason for that with Guinness. The cans contain a so called . which creates the signature foam consistency. The bottles nowadays usually lack that widget.
Heck yes, cans all the way for Guinness! 
Baby steps, my friend. Baby steps.
What a lovely advertisement.
Yeah, true. In Australia, the cans are the only ones actually from Ireland. All the bottles are brewed out of either Melbourne or Adelaide and just don't have the same Guinnessy goodness.
Nor the c02!
damn, guess it has been a bit since I had a guiness. . FTW
Huh, TIL.  Thanks.
That is the perfect pour..Edit: I forgot how to english
You...I like you.
You have to remember to periodically hit the vice with that hammer...make it believable.
Priorities!
Phase 2: Pick up 3 items..Phase 3: Repeat Phase 1. 
Three items? We can't rush these things...
 
:)
Leafeon is a pokemon. I approve the name
Fancy shit
I would wear the shit out of those fish shorts.
Don't forget the LED fanny(phanny) pack.
I believe that is a belt, sir. If it were a fanny pack, I probably wouldn't even take it off while I sleep nude at night.
Holly fuck! You're right! I was standing right there and didn't even know. My whole lofe is a lie! Note to self, make a LED fanny pack.
Is it just a coincidence you can see "Bacon" on the hat or was that just perfect timing?
I saw his hat (this was at the California State Fair), and wanted a photo of the turkey legs. I didn't want to bug him, though, so I just waited until he bent over to work on something and snapped away wildly, hoping I'd get something. The framing on this is better than I expected, so I'm happy.
hahaha, nicely done - the hat, along with the effort, make this picture just that much better. 
the picture turned out awesome. it looks delicious. how was it?
It was... delicious. I made a commitment with a friend to try everything weird and/or fried we hadn't tried before. She is a trooper. We had: deep fried Nutella, a Krispy Kreme burger, beer-battered bacon, deep fried watermelon, and this incredible creature of smoked turkey leg wrapped in bacon..Though truthfully, the turkey leg itself wasn't as good as the Disneyland variety. But the bacon helped make up the difference.
oh man, that all sounds great. which was your favorite?
Deep-fried Nutella was pretty hard to beat  but a lot of that was the Nutella. The deep-fried watermelon was probably my favorite  the combination of super cold and slightly sweet with very hot and salty was to die for.
When my nature loving, treehugger daughter tried burning the eggs it spewed hundreds of little demons out and out came the lighter fluid. I have been feeding the mom nuisance flies. We are fattening her up for a friend who does nature shadowboxes with small creatures.
Haven't you seen . movies?  That black widow . escape - at the worst possible moment.
She has not been aggressive at all. I could not leave her in the yard as we have frequent kids over and they love to hunt for bugs to feed my daughters Chinese Water Dragon.
This is . the sort of thing someone says in a scary movie - right before the deadly creature attacks.
OP literally killed it with fire. Well played, my man.
My girls did it.
you raised them well.
was it really over the entire state? :)
Excellent pic, clouds are our sign posts in the sky
Absolutely beautiful....one of the many things I miss about living in Colorado. 
Beautiful from a distance...
Not trying to overstate the obvious here, but that is terrifying.
It's not just any supercell. That's a smug cloud!
That's actually it's an upright bass. I'm tired of people asking me if I play a big violin.
The instrument shown in the picture isn't an upright bass, it is a violin. The bow is as big as the violin and it has a chin rest.
I know. I'm a bass player and was making a joke. Also, me wurdz gude after reading my post ha.
There should be a chest with a bar of gold somewhere near the base of that thing 
Fire.  Kill it.
Somehow, the thing from the dentist comes off as an S&M toy in this pic.
......p.s. Nice teeth and gums! Very healthy looking!
I was just going to note how he looks ready for the money shot.
Haha!! The clothes make me think of Deliverance and/or the rape scene from Pulp Fiction. Maybe that should be a red rubber ball in his mouth. 
Hahaha, that is the outfit from Pulp Fiction! He does need a ball gag!
This is fucking awesome.
I drove to four different stores and they were sold out.  Thanks for rubbing salt in my creamy filled wound.
is wonder bread back?
Credit to .. Much appreciated.
Crack, break. Fall.  "Noooooooo regreeeeeeeeets...." Thud.
Looks like Grandfather Mountain.  Is it?


I'm so afraid of heights, I could never sit on that ledge.
I was just there last week! One of my favorite favorite places thus far.
Songs awesome. Listen to that shit. .Also, great pic. Beautiful, super jealous!
Devil's Courthouse in NC has a similar view.  Purrttyyyy
You look like a friend of mine. You wouldn't happen to be a teacher in Maine, would you?
Is this McAfee's Knob in Catawba?
It is, beautiful hike. 
It's Mcafee's knob on the southern Virginia portion of the AT. 
I like the angle, everyone else takes them on the other side.
Ever hike Old Rag in Northern VA? The views from that one are fantastic. And the hike is a blast. The last 1/4 of the hike consists of scrambling up and over rocks, where the only trail-markers are spray painted on every tenth rock or so. 
Never done old rag, but difficult run and harpers ferry are both great. 
I live in Harpers Ferry, and I agree.
love this pic. i feel so lucky to have these in my back yard
Lol, I was a little more worried about the gusts of wind, you can see me bracing myself against them. 
Pucker factor 9.5
Upon the Blue Ridge mountains, there I'll take my stand
Have an upvote. I was just there a couple weeks ago.
Went there last year on spring break
Around where were you in this picture?
We were at the top (obv) past the main outcrop shooting back towards the trail back down the mountain. 
This is just like my social life.
Little engine that couldn't
So I know what I am doing tonight. 
Mystery solved..Bam!
The mystery is solved! 
It's the logo for the We Can Solve It campaign started by Al Gore.
Looks like the me to we logo
I found this button a few months ago and have been searching relentlessly for what it means. Can anyone help?
This is post race I presume, if its a beer-per-km race I may actually stand a chance in the tour...go Australia!
It is actually during the race. A bunch of crazy fans from the Netherlands apparently who gave beer to the riders :) I don't think they drank it though. Would have some problems with the drug test....
To bad it would make it more interesting, both riders look like they want it.
Great pic, like the color
Love how there is random poop in the bowl.
When he squeaked, he pooped! I'm a little worried about the times I heard him squeaking before I saw him...
I don't think he is greeting you. That definitely looks more like he is presenting himself to you. Have fun :-)
This is taking the Reddit formula a little too literally. It's kitties AND titties, not kitties with titties.
At least he takes the time to manscape.
Get away with ya, Billy Idol, you're not a lesbian.
Flash floods in a desert?
My friend on facebook asked the same question. haha. My response: .Seems counterintuitive, but since the peaks are all hard stone, all.the water rushes in to small gulleys, heading towards the huge canyons (in this case lake Powell,which used to be a Canyon before the dam was built. ) All the sediment in the washes is like liquified clay..Edited for grammars sake.
Well TIL!
howd u end up gettin out
Digging with a windshield ice scraper, and putting slate rocks under the tires.
I hope your next vehicle has 4x4 and is a truck. 
Were you near goblin valley?
Nope. Near lake Powell.
Oh come on, it's a Subaru, you should be able to get out fine.
1907 penny from my yard
It is weird sometimes when I pull change out of my pocket and find a coin that's been in circulation for longer than my parents have been alive.
what material is the face made out of?
Now it's only a matter of time till glorious 3d boobs...
Is that Gilbert Godfrey? 
Reminds me of when they made the imposter mask in Mission Impossible
Was it printed in color or painted afterwards?
This is very unsettling...
Looks like Obama mixed with Hitchcock

well that is horrific
That's not just a man, that's David Carradine. 
I could eat a peach for hours...
that's both creepy and awesome...
MakeIt?
It appears to be a printer like 
reminds me of Claire's art project in six feet under.
Isn't technology amazing?
It would be awesome to see this face next the real person in the same shot.
Herbert!!
Irving's no pedo!
If you'd like your own, follow the instructions here:
Oh yeah, Posehn is . in the Congo.
Sooooo....you're NOT Brian Posehn....right?
You should get this photo developed and hand it out to the kids!.Many won't have an opportunity to have a photo of themselves, and it's a nice inexpensive gift. I did this in a Vietnamese village, and the kids loved it.
Wow, you really were remote there.  Hats off, sir.  I never made it that far  in, I only ever stayed in the far east.

Non-Mobile link: 
I actually shot a number of portraits in the village and sent back pictures with another group. When I go back next year I'm bringing a lightweight studio set-up and shooting everyone. I'd like to do a book. The village is very remote.
Great idea man, keep on rockin'
Here's a picture of a father and son I did.

Damn. I've never seen someone look so angry about playing Jesus music. 
All the guys had a look once you would take their portrait. The other thing was for them to strike a kung-fu pose
That's an interesting choice of poses. Nobody just smiles? Would be interested if you put up a gallery.
We are redoing our whole website right now. We will be doing that in a month or so when we start to fund-raise for the project.

Messiah or Exasperation?
10.3 miles, 19 military obstacles, and an almost 2000 foot climb to 8600 elevation, and I did it all with NO team or partner. It was amazing, and I'd do it again!
Inspiring
You rock!
What does this caption mean? I can't be that drunk, it's only 11AM
Sorry, I'll rephrase. I got to cross the runway people are allowed to ride on.
I would be in trouble, Banos is Bath right? Is this sign point to male/female? Is one for bath and one to get eaten by Jaquars?
Toilets. . . .  so either we go take a dump or get turned into one?
I have one now, in the 10's
what does the 90's have to do with this rabbits feet have been around forever
It's to bad Care Bears were hunted to extinction in the 90's. They will be missed.
I've only been around since the 90s and you could get these at just about any coin machine. They disappeared around the mid-nineties and I haven't seen one since.
Well they're not a quarter anymore but rest assured they're still available
The rent is too damn high!
For-EVER!
Bob Ross would have included a little cabin on the left side of this image to balance out the rocks on the right.  A happy little cabin...
That cat is dead.
Purrrrrr Aqua
More than likely he doesn't give a shit.
He's sleeps hard because he's way too tired of your shit, OP 
Looks dangerous in that hood.
I enjoy that view every morning to work. 
Throw some of your dirty gym clothes on it. He will cuddle right up when you are gone!

$90 for that couch? You got ripped off man..
You must be talking about the dog to go with that nice piece of furniture?
my dog ignores the dog bed aswell. she favours lying on our jackets. 
yes, that dog brings out the color in that bed. Well worth the 90 dollars, but the hair everywhere gets annoying.
Is it a rug?
OP hasn't heard of the revolutionary pet trap/home/sleep-aid called BOX.
That's a nice bed.   My girl will need a new one soon.  Mind sharing where you found it?
Where can you stuff a dead dog for 90 dollars?? 
it looks like a too much want dog

They have the same bed at Costco for $45
we have a few of those for our dog, one in our room, kids room, living room- he has to make the rounds at night.He'll walk onto it and just collapse, then groan in supreme comfort 
It looks broken
Bought a giant dog bed for our large dog. He's afraid of it for some reason and the other 20 pound mutt goes full derp on it every night. 
Quit nappin' on the job, Bob!.Best dollar eighty I ever spent!
My golden does this way too often. Yours is super cute though!
Raise it up 8 inches and you won't be able to keep him off from it. We did that with my dogs beds and now they don't jump on any of the furniture. 
Huh hardwood floors are cheap now.
Damn, the couch in my living room didn't even cost $90...
if uhh... if hes not gonna use it maybe my dog will... :P
Had a similar situation. Dog wouldn't lay on it for years. Kept it anyways. Got a puppy and she loved it. All of a sudden the first dog wants it.
My dog has a nice comfy bad that she won't acknowledge until everyone has gone to bed. I wake up to take her out in the morning only to see her curled up tightly on her bed.
Cut it open and then maybe you will find $2500 inside. 
Maybe if they have a favorite blanket or something slowly introduce it to the bed. That way they will get adjusted to it easier.
At least your doesn't destroy it. Mine eats her bed every time we get a new one. We stopped bothering...
I bought a dog bed. Dog never touched it, but my kid slept in it for 2 years.
Glad to see my dog isn't the only asshole that does this." It's memory foam, get the fuck on your bed!!!"
ahahah! Wait till winter comes. Doggy with love you then lol! 
I got mine the $400 Tempur-Pedic bed made by Orvis.  Lays on the tile instead.  
I gave my dog my old comforter. It's variable shape is perfect for a dog and he seems to use some portion of it when he sleeps..Dogs also have no sweat glands so if it's hot he might be trying to cool himself off using the floor..
Get yourself a kitten, he'll sleep in it.
Can all you morons read the comments and understand it was only funny the first time someone joked about him paying $90 for the dog... 
Lay it the bed for about an hour or so. Once it smells like you, your dog might start using it. 
I stopped buying my dog beds because he always just humps it and then sleeps on the floor.
I dont know about the dog, but I love that bed. I hope it was 90 dollars
Or a case of beer! Or maybe even another dog.
I can see that!  That's some fine varnish on your wood flooring, but I wouldn't spend $90 on it!
I hope I'll see that one day. :)
Sounds like my love life...
I would agree if I was living anywhere else but in Florida! ;)
ahahah
That couch is not worth $90.. And the dog isn't using it.. Oh I get it, you were using sarcasm!
Petsupplies.com, Quiet Time Bolster Orthopedic Pet Sofa. She is getting old, so....
He paid . and it is pretty much a couch for ants!
Same here. Louie sleeps on a piece of carpet now. 
What a steal for that hardwood floor!
Cold floor agree
"I know you really wanna lay in your new bed, boy, but here, lay down beside it real quick so I can submit a picture to reddit."
You should go to Ross, TJ maxx, or a home goods for a dog bed. You can get one just as big and nice but a fraction of the price. I even see those othopedic dog beds for under 40
Just the sight of the bed made him so comfortable that he collapsed into sleep before he even made it!.Nah, just joking. You got hosed.
you spent 90 bucks on the cushion (bad deal) or 90 bucks on the dog?
I gave up on buying my lab any toys / nice things.  Give that dog a stick and she is happier than can be.  Buy her a $20 toy and she couldn't care less.  Buy her a bed and it will be destroyed within a day.
I've spent $20 a pop on various toys for our two dogs - know what their favorite one is? A deflated soccer ball, half rotted out (no idea where it even came from) and a squeak toy I got for .99 on clearance. So yeah - I feel your pain. I just rotate the clearance toys now once they've killed the previous one.
Same with my cats.  My cat prefers any available dog bed to his cat bed. 
lol my dog is the same way. We got him this nice bed for him to sleep in and he still insists on sleeping on the ground. 
I've never understood why more people don't just . and fill them with whatever you have access too. I just replenished mine last week with shredded foam from some older pillows I had.
Everytime I buy a dog bed for my dog he rips them apart and nests in the stuffing.
Dude go to Costco they have huge dog beds for around $30 that are great quality and have cedar chips inside so they make everything smell great. Our dogs love to lay on them
I would love to use this image on my father dog training / dog wine tour websites. Sometimes this is how dogs express their comfort. He loves his home haha! 
Please go ahead. My dog is an attention whore!
LOL..I know what you mean. My dog never even stepped into his dog bed. He pushed it around with his nose, but did not sleep or sit in it.
I feel your pain. I bought my shepherd a nice bed and he still sleep on the hard floor too.
Is that all a dog costs these days? I thought they were much more expensive. 
The dog bed or the dog?
Put an old t-shirt or something that has your scent on it on the dog bed. He wants to be where you are, and he associates you with your smellz..Source: He's a dog.
My cat treats the dog beds like litter boxes (and my cats breath smells like cat food).
Was that an intentional tongue-twister?
The real question is...How much pot, could a pot roast roast, if a pot roast could roast pot?
th.. the dog?
Damn $90 is a steal for all that hardwood.
Damn - I came to the comments just to say that!
It just takes some time. It will eventually realize what the dog is for and they will be like the best of friends. 
Our new pup (had her for about 9 months) chewed up two different dog beds from PetSmart ($40 and $30 respectively). Afterwards we bought some fleece blankets from Target for $15 a piece and folded them. She absolutely loves her blankets, and naps on them whether they are on the couch or near the doorway (she waits for us towards the end of the work day).
Why does this happen? You would like to think... right?
Replace that with your dog eating the expensive bed until it's innards are strewn everywhere and you have my dog's effort.
It's too fucking short for your dog, you dumb fuck.
Wow $90 for a dog that's awesomesauce.
or, go to the pound and pick one up for free :)
I'm sure you could've gotten a nice dog for free in a shelter...
That's a cheap dog :o What did you pay for his bed?
90$ for a windowed door?
i thought you taxidermyd your dog
Cheap dog
They have similar size ones at Costco for 20$
Your dog only cost you $90? 
Your failure to read the thread before posting will . you some karma. Someone made this joke successfully 13 hours before you.
OP you got ripped off man. I got a huge dog bed with more padding then that from Costco for 45. 
Dogs like sleeping on cool ground they get hot bro. 
Yeah, this. My dog doesn't use his bed when it is 90 degrees out.
I like your username!
My dog lays right in front of the vent and absorbs as much AC as she can.
Just like a kid playing with the boxes the Christmas presents came in.
I'd always make mine into rocket ships. 
Only instead of playing with the box, the kid lies down on the floor.
Try putting the open edge against the wall! My aunt has one of these and her dog wouldn't sleep in it until she did that. If that doesn't work, I'm sorry. 
We have two big dogs and buy comforters at the thrift store for our critters.  They're basically disposable.  Look through them for thicker ones, sometimes you can even find colors that match your room.  Around here it's usually less than $10 for a queen.  Bring 'em home and wash them on super hot, just in case.  Fold in half and lay out on the floor.   We keep a spare in case of the errant puke or other *accident, dump it in a garbage bag and drop the new one out.  
I used to do this as well.  But on my dogs birthday I go to Ikea and get a toddler bed.  Usually only like 30 or 40 bucks and you can buy sheets that fit and can wash 
I took my smallish terrier-Chihuahua mix to Petsmart with me and basically spread a bunch out on the floor that were on sale.  She sniffed around them and picked out this massive very large dog sized bed out.  She promptly plopped down right in the middle, being completely dwarfed by it, and just looked at me like it was already hers. Friggen $100 dog bed......clearance sale!  $40 bucks out the door!
That's adorable! "This one."
doggie version of: opulence, i has it. "this one"
$90 is pretty cheap for a dog. You got a good deal.
I donated $75 when I adopted mine. 
I've never payed for any of the 5 dogs I've had in my life.
Ah the ol' Reddit peep-peep-tee-tiddly-doo
Why didn't you link it? 
because his comment was mocking people like you
Well I enjoyed going down the rabbit hole when I was bored, so I decided too link it for anyone bored enough
The ol' Reddit tkqo7823tn087d82nd29od7yn237n097ydms9fyf7yn07932yfn9n7f7efy20f0d2fy 29037ft 23970237nr239mydnn2modsyuibfoe7tfno27dy97fy 397y2397646766477483939991-00101001000101010100101010!!!!!%%%!%!%
the ol' reddit shut up
It's probably just that he likes the cold floor during the summer....Come wintertime that thing will be his hometown
Agreed
Yeah..If you have a fan, point it at the bed.  See if that works.
There are so many of these stupid posts on Reddit where people don't understand why a furry animal doesn't want to sleep on a warm insulating surface in the middle of summer...
I agree, also dogs don't always like laying in their beds. My girlfriends shepherd will switch off from the floor and the bed throughout the day. Very normal for all dogs.Edit: the pillow that goes around the whole bed is useless in my opinion. From my experience with dogs I think it's safe to say the prefer a flat bed. Also he can't fit on the bed because the pillow around it forces the dog to use the pillow and now I can say you wasted you're money. 
[deleted]
Can confirm.
I concur 
Can deny.
And winter is coming
So am I
Awesome, I love me some fresh milk.
Attendez de la crme!
And in the meantime, break it in for him! Those doggy beds are damn comfortable.
I have a brother that has, in a drunken state, woken up on the dog bed multiple times after partying at my house.  He never remembers choosing it over the couch or chaise. 
And he will probably like it more if it smells owner.
ME SMELL OWNER, ME LIKE NOW, I WILL SHIT ON.
dogs. heh. so predictable 
Is that the San Jacinto mountain?
Yep
Mt Charleston ?

This is really cool! I would also consider posting it to ITAP, since pictures like these are usually very appreciated over there. 
CPTLSM....what's this guy got against vowels?
What does any of these guys got against being rich?
He outsourced his spelling and got what he deserves while obliterating the middle class.
Hanging with someone who uses a chair (and frowns mildly on the whole capitalist mentality), sometimes you have to park like this to create a staging area for the wheelchair because the striped part of the space is on the wrong side of the car. 
The guy driving was definitely not handicapped.
Was he picking up someone who was? Placard hanging from rear view??
Nope. Nothing to justify his actions in the slightest
That deserves a tow....
What's this guy got against parking like a competent driver?
well then we have some amazing stickers we keep in the glove box for that... super glue backing.... "Don't Tread on My ADA/"
I would be much more tolerant of the notion of an almighty creator if He were represented like . all the time instead of as the traditional sexist, racist, murderous cunt that damns people to Hell and demands constant praise.
100% accurate..Source: I'm included in "everybody".
So you just piss all over their lemons? 
With those walls and floors, the urine is not the source of their smell issues.

Do those go in the urinal before or after they go in the drinks?
I can't science, so I might be wrong, but I think it works because the acid in the limes neutralizes the alkalai of ammonia produced by pipi.
Hey, if it works then why not? Probably a lot cheaper as well.
sammich* 
He spelled sandwich wrong.
That's a MAN MOBILE right there!
What a pretty flower! ... 
But really. Where is this? OP better not be fronting!
Havasu falls. Supai reservation near grand canyon
Thanks!
Where in Arizona? I would love to skinny dip there!
Same question. So i can purchase a paintball gun and shoot this guy for my entertainment .
Little do you know I am a sadist!
Did i say paintball gun? I meant cotton ball cannon.
Damn it, boner killer!
MUHAHAHAHAHA
I appreciate your efforts, however you must realize you now have to destroy your photography subjects to save mankind.
These arnt wasps, these are yellow jackets. the fuck?
Why is #7 upside down?
Can you just do that? In Germany Wasps are on the list of endangered animals and you can get a huge fine even messing with them around their nest.
...wasps eat spiders. Just thought that might at least gain them a little ground.
Fuck you for making one of them face the opposite direction.  It's like brain needles.
Wasps: Dicks of the insect world
That is so cool to look at 
meh..hmm...huh...nope...Nope...NOPE
You need to add one last one to the end of the line, crushed into oblivion. 
Kill it with fire
Thanks. I won't sleep tonight. 
I'm not good on the insects subject so if someone would answer this it would be great. Ok, are wasp larvae parasitic??
Kill it! 
Dead! Various stages of dead! Hateful creatures
I hear the grubs are supposed to taste pretty good.
This gives me better appreciation for how antlion grubs grow into antlions.
A haiku:
No no no no no
No no no no no no no
Motherfucking no
One day, I was in the forest and I happened to stumble upon a stage 4 (In OP's picture). It was on the floor and I wondered, 'WTF is this?".I poked it with a stick and it didn't move. Continuing looking at this thing I poke it again, All of a sudden I crack it's skin/casing and it starts squirming. After a short period of time I felt guilty that this thing was in pain because of me, and it was probably fucked for life. Ultimately, I decided to put it's lights out quickly to end its suffering. Again I felt terrible..Today, I find out what this thing actually was and a no longer feel pity for that monster. I'm allergic to bees and wasps have no place in my heart. .The end.
I hate each one more than the last.
The one in the middle is upside down. You are the evil that pains my ocd!
The one in the middle gets it. 
Bastards.
One is upsidedown just to mess with the OCD-people, yes? 
Kill it with fire.
Once I pulled back the paper on a single cell of a wasp nest. The wasp was mature enough to just crawl on out and start spreading its wings.
Very malicious rice looks like to me.
From awww to DICK!!!
Gross. I just stomp on it and then vomit. 
You fucking hate people with OCD, don't you?
Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, and fuck ..
Welp, the guy who is allergic to wasps made the decision to look at pictures of wasps. I am going to have awesome nightmares tonight. That's the price of being a moron. 
Only good wasp is a dead wasp.
KILL IT WITH FIRE
na no NO NOPE FUCK NO
Oh god why did you made one them facing down, my OCD is going off the charts.
You cocky fucker. I would never touch that shit.
Baby killer!
fucks wasps
Nopenopenopenopenope kill it 
They are all dead already.
Hornets. 
I had one of those get down the back of my shirt when I was 9 years old.  Sucker tagged me 8 times before I managed to crush him..Thanks to my bee allergy or the fact he just hit me so many times, I had a golf-ball sized lump on my back for about 3 days..Needless to say I eradicate the nests as discovered with any weapon available in my arsenal.  Go find another eave/shed/pumphouse to breed in, fuckers.
You are missing the last stage when someone makes a splat mark on the wall.
Fucking spawns of Satan.
Should never be allowed to get past stage 1!!!!
From gross to asshole in 10 steps!
second from the left looks like its wearing a toupee
With sideburns
Aposematism
Your are their God, only you can determine their fate now.
Wasps are just natures nobheads. Sponging off everything else and have shifty attitudes.

TIL Yellow Jackets are wasps.  I thought they were just pussy bees.. 
Wasps in varying stages of nope!
Wasps are pricks
"Evolution, complete"
A wasp activist will be contacting you shortly. 
It would be beautiful if it weren't so fucking terrifying
Anybody else think the middle ones look like the Collector's pods from Mass Effect?
"a machine gun in slow machine" is what Gibson called a hornet's nest, and I can't find any fault in that statement.
In b4 Kakuna. 
I always fucking hated those pokemon... 
This should be in textbooks 
For science!
Put this in .!
The spiral birth factory, stepped terraces of the 
hatching cells, blind jaws of the unborn moving ceaselessly, 
the staged progress from egg to larva, near-wasp, wasp. In his 
mind's eye, a kind of time-lapse photography took place, re- 
vealing the thing as the biological equivalent of a machine gun, 
hideous in its perfection..-William Gibson, Neuromancer
"In varying stages of NOPE"
awesome!
proof that not all babies are cute. 
Hornets are endangered (but also dangerous s's fuck). You can tear down wasp nests as you want. Source: I'm German. 
definately not true. Most wasps found in germany are endangered and you need permission to even move them. Killing them or destroying their nests is illegal.
.Just because everyone does it doesn't make it legal.
Nein, gemeine Wespen genieen den gleichen Schutz wie alle anderen Wildtiere, und drfen entfernt werden, wenn sie eine Strung oder gar Bedrohung darstellen, z. B. wenn Kleinkinder in der Umgebung leben. Lediglich Hornissen, Hummeln und Wildbienen genieen besonderen Schutz und drfen im Zweifel nicht mal umgesiedelt werden, geschweige denn das Nest vernichtet werden. 
Gemeine Wespen schon, aber es gibt in Deutschland einige Wespenarten die ebenso unter besonderem Schutz stehen.
Stop all of this banter!
NEIN!
must have moved when i moved the paper, but its at the same stage as the one before and after so think of this one as an alternate view
Are u a serial killer?
Downvoted for the nightmares that surely will come.
dont worry they were already dead, but just to be sure, i burned the bodies. I wasnt taking any chances
Just give me your co-oridinants, son.
Looks like 10 different stages of "FUCKING NOPE!!!"
It you could turn that one around, that'd be great.
its more or less at the same stage as the one before and after it, it must have flipped when i moved the paper sorry!
It is during this stage of development that the wasp pupae seek to confuse their would-be predators.  Forming false wings on its feet, and a false face on its anus confuses and distracts their predators.  Unsettled by their prey's orientation, the predator will turn its attention to other targets which are properly oriented in a standing position..As the pupae molt, the false wings and face will peel away, and the next stage of development may begin right side up.
hm, I... I want to believe you but we are on reddit. Link perhaps as I am too lazy (well just the right amount of lazy really).
I am horrified that this was not recognized as satire and that there may be someone out there whose mind is now polluted by this "fact.".If you use RES, please mark me as "guy who doesn't actually know anything, do not listen."
So..next time you are on a hike in the woods, make sure to paint a face on your anus, and display it if approached by a bear, this should distract and confuse the bear, and send it looking for other prey.
It depends on how well you can paint on your own anus.  If possible, ask a friend or family member for help.
Only fucking Germans would want to save wasps.
When the females in my household ask me to kill a wasp in a window or something, I will grab it with a paper towel loosely, so that it's still alive but can't get away..I then proceed to dismember it as it struggles in the napkin, taking away antennae, legs, wings one by one..The girls beg mercy for the wasp, and I show none..When I am sure it can no longer move effectively i release it onto the asphalt of my driveway, so that it can cook while it starves to death..And I feel I'm too lenient on these assholes.
You're crazy. 
It's stinger won't go through a paper towel? I usually get a broom and swing then run then slowly come back listening and watching for movement cause I'm a pussy.
I'm fairly certain that, since it can very easily pierce human skin time and again, a fucking paper towel won't stop shit.
I just killed a wasp nest outside my patio door. I opened the door real quick and blasted it in the face with half of can of bug spray then shut the door real quick. I peeked through the window to see all these wasps falling to the floor and crawling all over the place slowly dying. I just looked out there after an hour and there are still wasps crawling on the ground slowly dying. I want to die slowly and painfully. If they are still alive later I will pour some flammable liquid on them and light them on fire. I will give them to the fire god!
Burn down your neighborhood.

Go to high ground, solider.
My favorite are the ones with NO wings.
Ants?
my favorites are the dead ones.
The only good Wasp, is a dead Wasp!!
would you like to know more?
Stages of developing evil. Wasps are evil.
Wasps are the embodiment of pure spite. Little beings of hate and rage they are. 
That's why Prometheus stole the thing he stole
Yes, they are filthy beasts. Are there any creatures  in this world which eats these things? Perhaps a wasp eating bird?
God I admire them.
Agreed. I swell like will smith in hitch when stung. 

Bees, those fuckers are fine since they go for plants, but wasps? No they are mother fucking meat eating hunters that exist solely to fuck up your picnic or your day or both. Fuck those things.
Wow, more anti-wasp propaganda. Usually I wade into these discussions with some notes about the importance of wasps and the good things they do for the world and us, but I just can't handle it anymore. Fuck you, fuck these other people, fuck all of you bee-loving fuckers out there who just can't show some respect for what even God called the Lamborghini of social insects.
Wasps are very important for agriculture too! Almost every type of agricultural pest insect has a type of wasp that preys on it . I feel they get a hard time & no one appreciates all their hard work.
Says the one who didn't get stung into his lip while sipping on his Coke. .Or in his foot by a nearly dead wasp lying upside down on the floor. 
Faggot
Although wasps scare the shit out of me they are super cool looking. Plus there are ones they kill spiders and I for one am cool with that.
 would like to have a word with you.
you monster
There is no God here.

Beads?
Wat
They don't allow you to have bees in here.
I mean sure, they're great for eating other bug bastards but jeez, they're so fucking rude...
What do you think about the wasps that lay their eggs into other wasps and then their larvae eat them from the inside? Does that make them good or even more evil?
They fuck did you just say?.I am going to go on living pretending that shit isn't true.
TIL wasps don't even care about other wasps.
TIL wasps need to be killed.....with fire 
no problem champ. congrats
WTG!  
Congrats
Kudos!
How do you get in that
And they both have a small penis...
Washington or B.C.?
[deleted]
I wanna take mushrooms there
[deleted]
Too bad it was cut down... I bet it would still be alive today.
Major species around you? sitka, red or doug?
k, I live in Vancouver. That is a 200 year old tree at most it was probably logged by the Brits when they first set up shop on BC's coast. BC's south coast has the second longest growing season in the world and our 40 year old trees are the size of 500 year old trees in most other places.
Man, if I was a logger and saw a tree that big when it was originally cut I'd just skip it and cut an extra regular size one. That thing would be massive today.
It's crazy to think about what time period that tree has been around during. 
Hey I live 30 mins away from there! Love going there to relax with my thoughts...
Lets kill it.
a tree that size was much older than 1000 years
The houses they used the wood for have likely long since rotted away.
What a pity. there were whole forests of these old gians and now there is only sherman and his small company..I'd like to visit this planet 500 year back.
Buntzen Lake area?
Happy Cake Day fellow Canadian!!  :)
Where abouts did you find this?
Grew up in North Van and stumps like that were literally everywhere. Cross the street and into the bush and there they were, big stumps and more big stumps. Hell a couple of them still had the rotting tree still laying on the ground.  Myrtle Park even had a big stump that they left and made the path curve around it. 
forest in Vancouver = Stargate Atlantis

Nobody lives 30 mins away from here, since its at least a 45 min walk from the trail head ;).I'll assume you mean 30 from there. How about what they've done to the place for the new power lines? Pretty gross :(
This Is Boring Why Does This Stuff Get To The Front Page. le me downvoting
Not too far from there, one valley over...
The cut marks would suggest it was logged, virtually every tree on the coast has been logged within the last 150 years save for a few early established parks.
Yup. Most likely logged almost 100 years ago.
If you're a Christian fundamentalist who believes the Earth is only 6,000 years old - this tree could have been planted by Christ himself! 
That's still possible if you accept christ lived 2000 years ago
Just go in the fall, you should be able to find plenty of mushrooms.
Sometimes ideas just get logjammed.
Great Deku Tree, we meet again.
Douglas cedars for the most part, I believe.
If you were a logger back then and had rights to cut where that tree was, the sheer value of the lumber would eclipse every single thought of nature preservation you might have. It's a miracle that we still have big ones on the island and in other tiny pockets along the coast down through to California.
I won't deny that. But I'd like to think even back then there were people that enjoyed the land just fine by itself without the monetary gain it could potentially provide them. 
That woodn't surprise me
Those people would probably not be loggers.
This is a stump of a Giant Sequoia...Not the OPs post. I don't know what that is. Below is a Giant Sequoia.Not even the biggest there is. These trees are fucking massive and I live really close to the giant sequoia forests in California. 
base of General Sherman. It is currently alive and over 2,000 years old. It is also the largest tree in the world. It is awesome in person. . .I am not the girl in the picture and I have no clue who she is. I found it on google. 
Yea I just moved to the redwoods in Cali and holy shit there are some big ones here. there is actually a room built on top of one where I live
Yup they're massive.  Even larger than in those pics..I'm pretty sure I recall seeing a pic a long while ago of one that'd had a tunnel carved out... actually screw it i'll go look for it..Kind of a crap pic but you get the idea.
Yeah I've driven through that tree. They stopped letting people now though. the entrance to the national park also had a rock you could drive through but they stopped allowing people to do that too
Hmm, wonder why they'd put a stop to it :(  can you at least walk through 'em?  I've never been to that end of Canada/states so I haven't seen any trees near that large.
Im pretty sure you can walk through them. Sequoia national forest has a lot of trees that have been struck by lightning and burned out from the inside that you can go in. Those are awesome. Some are still alive but are kinda like a straw...but a hundred feet tall redwood straw. 
I've actually been there. (was a kid - parents took us on vacation!) ....fun fact: while it is the . tree in the world, it is . the tallest. Also when you're standing next to it your thought process is along the lines of: that is one big gahd damn tree. Who knew.
I lived down the road from a massive 2000 year old tree in florida, but a couple of years ago some crackhead burned it down. :(
There's about 3 of these trees on the 101 alone. There are others to drive through! Just did it a couple months ago
If he's near Vancouver, it was probably a cedar.
Not sure. I may have worded my reply bad. I was just posting trees from my area that are very large, not guessing what his was. I have no clue what his is. 
Agreed. Likely a western redcedar. Those things can get massive.
You sure that isn't just a gnome?
In the woods
My guess is OP won't tell where, exactly, it is, because it is in the Coquitlam watershed which is a no-go zone.
Nope, this is on park land
Of course it is, which is why you're being vague instead of sharing it with others. 
It's in Pinecone Burke Provincial Park, there ya go, you wheedled it out of me
How accessible is that park to someone who has no experience hiking? I've lived in Coquitlam all my life and I've always wondered about that place. From what I've read, it sounds like it's just unserviced wilderness, and only for experienced hikers.
Nah, anyone can get to this. If you're really interested, PM me.
Way to narrow it down. 
Well it's not like I have GPS coordinates for it! It's east and downstream of Sawblade Falls.
Awesome! I love taking my kid into this giant backyard we all share and getting to show him ridiculously cool things like trees that are bigger than the local 7/11.
You're welcome?  Man you come across very confrontational
To be fair, that and Dubai, Both pretty much barren desert a decade ago.
real life Call of Duty/Battlefield cover
Put mag in to not look like fag.
Nice ! how many children did you murder in the name of oil companies ?
You realize you don't kill children for no reason they have what's called no prejudice missions where they give a town months in advance to leave thos who stay mean to kill who enter. so befor you spout ur political mouth learn facts you soppy cunt as well granted our government did sed us there for oil but tbh are YOU gonna walk to work every day ? Didn't think so also it goes deeper than oil there was also major political unrest over there so think befor you bash thos who die so u can be free you ass
500 000 dead children in Iraq ONLY, approximately 1.5 Million Iraqi  civilians murdered so far since early 1990's. That, is called a genocide. The last 2 "presidents" (puppets) have murdered way more people than Hitler..You said "government did send us there for oil", you know the big oil companies are privately owned right? Rich men with oil companies tell the pentagon and the white house to send troops to countries to steal oil USING tax payer's money but THEY and only THEY keep ALL Profits..You die, the invaded die, while THEY buy mansions and eat caviar thanks to you..Open your eyes brother, you are a patriot ??? Save the country by kicking the corrupt bankers and politicians out. 
Regardless of the travesties that you have undoubtedly read about on the internet, we did a lot of good overseas. We made the best out of a bad situation.
On top of that at least say somewhere cool. its the internet bro say you killed towel heads in the mountains of Afganiland and that you are delta force with your musket.
No need to lie, I was in Iraq two weeks later --- plenty of pics from there, as well.
Nice looking picture..And thanks for your service.
You live in a volcano, or a grill?
This is the decorative stone circling my back patio. A volcano is quite inhospitable and therefore uninhabitable. Plus the floor is lava...
Really?
Really.
Starting early...
Someone needs a Snuggie.
Wait, that's fucking brilliant. I love wrapping up to keep warm, but then I suffocate. I have never thought just ripping a little hole in the sheet..My life is changed.
So he doesn't smell his farts.
He should try a bed. With blankets.
pure genius
the other ideia is to use a snorkle.
I wish it were cold in my house :(
Quit monkeying around and build that wall of bananas.
If you make the picture really small, it looks like the green bananas spell something.
It does actually, it says "Self confidence produces fine results" 
Dude that many bananas is radioactive
I saw this as well, can't make out what it says though. 
Holy shit, thank you. It looked like there was something there but I'm on mobile and couldn't tell..Did you mess with the image like tint or contrast or all that other voodoo?.Either way, good job!
Ha, no nothing so fancy. The original picture was taken after the one I replied to you with. The green ones are less ripened bananas to spell it out. Pretty clever of the artist.
You're supposed to drive a truck into Scranton, PA with them.
That's bananas!
Ding-dong ding-dong ding banana wall. 
doop boop ba doop ba doop
Is it me or does this look like more than 10,000 bananas?
suddenly,
Looks like a standard poodle. 
Delicious depending on how they cook it.
The stuffed kind
standard poodle
I don't know, I heard it was tough amd gamey.....
Or a golden doodle (golden retriever poodle mix)
very pretty
Can't be in the Netherlands.... We do not have mountains!!!1
Not sure if troll or....
you might be looking for . mate
Cheers
Splashback nightmare.
Very clever,  is the bottom of the bucket removed?  I guess nobody will be digging out the biffy. 
The bottom is cut out.
Get off the aboriginals sacred rock you asshole. They should make you drink fosters for that one.
"Foster: It's Australian for what Europeans used to do with Aboriginal children."
Knowing the history of Sorry Day and the clash of rights. And that still made me laugh. Cheers Mate.
The aboriginals were surprisingly okay with it. We asked few of them, and they were happy for us to climb. I suppose after seeing thousands of people do it over and over, it has become less of an offense. There are still people who don't like it though, and less and less people are climbing.
Yeah it's just a little douchy to do now a days. 20 years ago it was mega douchy. So all things change eventually. I just think from a respectful position of walking all over what some peoples claim as a holy place shouldn't be trod upon. Not out of respect for the belief so much as the believer. They have been trodden on quite a bit since Cook and the boys showed up and instilled civilization upon a very tribal yet peaceful people.
Can you substantiate this statistically? Precolonial murder rates have typically been quite high among Aboriginal populations. 
It took . before clashes began between the British and the Indigenous people.
I was referring to Aboriginal on Aboriginal violence. 
Unfortunately I don't know anything about that part of their history. Just that they didn't arm up and take the fight to the British as soon as they arrived. I'm sure that shows they were somewhat peaceful or could live peacefully with others.
A lot of tribal violence is vendetta violence. It takes a while to get a good vendetta going. 
Yeah the whole . business can take generations.
I agree mate. I have been wanting to do the climb since I was about three years old. Finally made the trip there a month ago, I was determined to climb. After reading some things in the culture centre near the rock, I felt less inclined to do so out of respect. But after asking 4 different aboriginals, who not only said they didn't mind, but actually encouraged me to do it, I did it. It was an incredible experience as well and totally worth it.
I have also climbed the rock, I was very hesitant to do it, but after asking the ranger at the bottom, who was an aboriginal and getting the okay from him, I did it. It was bloody fantastic.
It's kind of hard to argue for the aboriginals when they say. "Naw, We do it all the time Mate. 'Ave a go." MIMITW - You don't always get further if you simply ask. But when you do you deserve a Dos Equis.
It just occured to me that a T-rex's dick might be bigger than its arms.
*Mule
It puts the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again
Reincarnated peeping tom.
Purrvert 
Sigh. You're supposed to take those off before you eat.
WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?! oh.. right nevermind, beer
What is that

Extraordinary, +1
And don't let your friends drive drunk too
Fuck that. Drinking and driving is hella fun. And if weed didn't fund terrorism, I would recommend smoking some weed while drunk driving.
Drinking and driving is the most selfish thing you can do..-Phillip Defranco
Full work 
This artwork was enjoyable.
That's wrong...but with that said, hahahahahahaha. 
Hey I would be cool with sweating the kool-aid smile lol
It looks like a penis.
Hello kitty's older brother, Hello Pussy.
I would be a hypocrite if I said I hadn't re-racked my weights before. But damn, after time I have learned to always re-rack. It's like living with roommates and having a kitchen that is full of dirty dishes. Seriously, do YOUR FUCKING DISHES. 
I don't even understand this. Why even walk over to the rack if you aren't going to re-rack them?
Tim Allen looks absolutely wasted.  Must have fallen back into old habits.
I like how none of them are blond anymore.
At first I was like.. fuck, they forgot Wilson.. then i realized.. he's dead.. Oops.. RIP Wilson..
Jonathan Taylor Thomas needs to become an indie sweetheart like Joseph Gordon-Levitt. I miss him. He and JGL were my childhood loves.
Where is Pamela Anderson?
Why does the youngest one look like a crazy Michael Phelps now?
Tim looks juiced.
Ohhh Debbe Debbe Debbe
I feel so old now....
with Sidney Crosby standing in for Jonathan Thomas?
I was thinking the bad guy from Home Alone.
Brad has now become "That guy" from that episode in Burn Notice. Never looking at him the same now.
He is slightly eccentric.
Debbe was hotter
Arrrrr Arrrrr Arrrrr Arrrrr.....
Did JTT get fat?
Brad needs to play Tim Heidecker's (twin) brother.
The youngest kid turned out to be one ugly son of a bitch, didn't he?
He always looked like a freak. 
JTT is not as cute as he used to be. 
thank god, I've been trying to figure out how to find an old picture of the cast of Home Improvement for months now! the search is finally over.
Look again! Many of their pictures together are much older!
Jtt looks like a lesbian
I laughed much to hard at this...
JTT doesn't age.
And he's so short! I feel like I'm in middle school again! 
Are you kidding? He looks awful. No wonder he dropped off the face of the planet.
Looks like Brad is actually Al's son.
He looks like a troll. 
Old habits like narking on every single person you know to save your own ass? Guy's a spineless douche..Don't play the game if you're not man enough for the consequences. He went on to a normal successful life, all those people he narked on prolly went on to shit. 
And...? Don't play the game...
Heidi is still fine
is she pressing her breast against Tim Allen?
No, Tim Allen's left arm is actually Heidi. 
I'd still totally nail...Patricia Richardson.
Awe .EDIT: Fixed link
Dead link
Try again. 
God Dammit, dude, just use imgur! .Also, i fapped
You're gonna want to go with the Binford 6100 nailgun... I souped up this bad boy so that it will fire 360 nails per minute. 
gotta go with a Binford...bin her ass over..
I'm hoping Al is paying a small homage to Wilson. That would be sweet
Wilson is....?!?
My first thought was "Hey, they're missing Wilso.....Oh". Followed by deep sadness.
it's hard to see that those blue haired fellas would get violent
I know nothing about any kind of sport, but QUEENSLANDER
Pretty brave haircut he is sporting as well...
It doesn't look real
Rugby fans are known for their civility, all the violence is on the pitch..
...Although these are Australians.
And this is league, not union!
This isn't soccer mate, we don't riot over games... We go to the pub and bitch about how the refs were either bribed or blind (possibly both)
Really, I thought you saved that for the cricket 
Read this as MC Trash. Was disappointed.
10/10 would bang
That's grandpa Gustavo from Cuba.
Nobody.  They said . was for boring people.  Seriously, put a marshmallow or some crunchberries in there, GM.
Fuck chess, its 100%the beard
Fidel?
Now we know what he has been up to!
He was having a great time until she called out 'King me!'
These girls are either enthralled by his beard, his skills in chess, or his veteran war stories. Note to self, get good at playing chess when I get to his age
I don't always play chess but when I do I play against two hot latina women less than half my age.
Raul Castro?
For some reason I was creeped out by your rear-view mirror..
i went on a vacation from oregon to wyoming when i was 7, this was like 2003. i saw a ti fighter like off starwars on the back of a truck
I think the real question is how do I get one?
hopefully the lorry isn't going to drop this off at a dustbin. 
I am more concerned that you are being followed. See the suspicious vehicle in your rearview mirror.
It was (or now is) on the beach.  A few pics have been posted here today with it but you are the first to have a pic of it on the move.
Nope.  Don't enjoy it anymore than I fucking did on the damn beach.
that's ze same one that was on ze beach....
Yeah but I've already seen the good pictures of it sitting out on the beach.  Why would I want to see this now?
Game of Thrones?
It must've been a pain to dig up
Its for a movie!!!!
Was that before or after the beach?  I wondered if they left it on the beach as a permanent point of interest.
Good catch. I would have been WTFing a lot.
So THAT'S what a lorry is.
what i think when people say Lorry:
As a traffic reporter, all I can think is "how awesome would it have been if that head fell off the truck, in the middle of an interstate, right in front of one of my traffic cameras? 
What country are you in? 
Dragon Skull explained 
TF is a Lorry???
I never see cool shit on the road like this. All i ever see is the lame ass Oscar Mayer Wiener mobile and maybe a convoy of mexicans "IN TOW"ing back home
thats the same one from the beach post

That's a flatbed
Wagon and dragon.
FUS ROH awww....
You would think they would cover that up. How many people shat themselves when they saw it?
If this were in America, there'd be a tarp over it because our idiot drivers would be rubbernecking so bad, it would cause a ten mile traffic jam or a massive pile up.
Anyone know what that is for actually? And why was it lying around on a beach? ?
Do you know if its real bone? I almost thought it was made out of sand. 
road head
How about concentrating on driving safely rather than waving your camera phone about. It's complacent idiots like you that cause fatal accidents.
It belongs in a museum!
This dragon bone will be enough for 5000 dragon bone daggers.
may i inquire perchance as to the monetary value set on said item as i wish to aquire it
Who the fuck is the lorry overtaking, get back to the inside lane!
Made me think of Mr. Lorry
 . 
Is the Matrix happening in your mirror?
Parthuunax Transport Inc
Didn't you all see that Animal Planet? This is a real dragon skull!
So that's how it got to the beach.
And once again, I saw this before the original post :/
When I read the title I thought this was . 
Damn, looks like the brain already rotted, never going to drift with a skull.
Did it have fringe on top?
As Balerion the Black Dread rolls into Lodi
Wtf was this for?
It would make the perfect bed frame. I just need to pop my mattress where it's tongue would be and Hey Presto! World most awesome bed. 
GUYS look at this 
Looks like they're clearing out the Red Keep.
They probably left their armor in a chest in order to carry that one.
Why did the dragon take the lorry to the beach? Because he was winged..Goodnight folks. 
Godzilla marketing?
That pre-order for the Shoe House fell through and now that woman is going to live in this Dragon Skull.
You have nice roads where you're driving.
dam dragon born... -.-
PROOF
Smaug is heavy on the highway today.
Balerion.
Fuck that. Sometimes not even the dovahkiin wants to carry his stuff.
This whole time I thought they built it on the beach...
the kid in me is heartbroken 
SMAUUUUUUG!!!!
I could see him be like "fuck work, reddit must see"
I only know what a lorry is because I listen to Jethro Tull
Doesn't anybody drive with both hands on the steering wheel any more?
It was a bitch for Aegon the Conqueror to move all those dragon skulls back home after college.
It was going to the beach!  I spend way too much time on Reddit...
Follow them to Kings Landing! 
he must have a lot of dragon bones to have to use a car
Yellow lorry slow no where to go.
That's a Drogon funny joke...
Because you're a fucking gigantic cock mongler?
They should place it in the middle of nowhere and set up a camera to get people's freaked out reactions
That good sir, is called a "truck." 
Mystery solved. Lets call it a day redditors.
All in a day's work. 

That's my reaction to you using fucking photobucket. Really?
So safe tomorrow then? Okay.
i approve of your punny username sir. more so of the band tbh. i miss them :(
What, you thought they just brought it down there to get a tan?
Well, it's not sand.  And it's an even better bet it's not actually bone.
What the hell is it made out of then?  
We have this amazing material called ., that is used in . of sculptures and cosplay stuff.  That and probably some sort of sealant and then paint.
Foam? Interesting my guess would have been plastic. The did a good job making it look real and like sand. 
I was legitimately wondering too, why so hostile?
I probably was a bit needlessly hostile, but the idea of both sand and actual bone is utterly ridiculous.
Why did I click, it's the dead dove all over again.


No where to go.
One sweet dream. Pick up your bags and get in the limousine. 

Lorry is a terrible catchall term, you brits need to delineate between vehicles that carry things better.
LORRY????? DA FUCK IS THAT
I can tell you're British because you didn't use the word "truck." I feel like Peter Griffin for noticing.
Nope.  That describes you, not me.  Shut up or I'll hit you.
A lorry?
This is the first time I've noticed the penis inside the car.
where'd the horns go?
Comparing pictures, they clearly removed the horns for transport. They are not there on the truck. 
from this angle you cant see them, 
That must have been fun to drive and see other's reactions..Would have been even more fun to dress the truck up, fake police escort, fake biohazard or something.  Make it look "legit" and not obviously a prop.  See what you get in the tabloids the next day.
Probably fined
For what, exactly?
Impersonating police/emergency personnel and creating a distraction while driving are the only things I can think of, though I'm sure there's more
this is why we can't have nice things.
You can tell he's from England because he said "lorry" and not "gat dang ol' semi trailer truck gat dang i tell you wut".
Is that you Boomhauer?
TIL that a truck is referred to as a lorry in the UK. 
We were invaded by the darn british and now we call those thing Lori. 
inorite. I was like wtf speak english.
Isn't that what we should be thinking of Americans?
For those who want to know, It's a Game of Thrones promotion by Blinkbox for their season 3 release. 
Thank you!!! I've been wondering what the heck has been going on with this. I mean, I didn't really think it was real, but I had no idea for what it was being used.
What are they going to do with it now?
That belongs in a museum!
i am seeing that movie on an original 35mm print tomorrow night.  YEAH.
So do you!!
No Dr. Jones you belong in a museum.
No Ezreal, you belong in a museum. 
Look guys I know you're all excited for our trip to the museum but if we could get a little calm it would be appreciated.
Poor Alduin
No. Fuck that dragon and his weak attempt at trying to stop me from exterminating his entire race.
Oh Talos I love dragon souls! I want them all inside me!
I was so conflicted when .EDIT: Wrong dragon. Move along folks, nothing to see here.
That was Paarthurnax, not Alduin.
Oh shit you're right. I redact my previous statement.
Still, the feels are relevant.
This was in the Sun today. It was for Game of Thrones season 3 in the uk. 
....link to scene?
Sorry I should have been more clear, it was just a promotional thing. I didn't read it properly but I think they just left it on a beach to get people talking 
It was in the series. In one of the episodes Aryia is down in the crypts under Winterfell and she hides behind it.
That's . dragon's head (I assume you mean in King's Landing), what makes you think it is this one though?
Well I just assumed it was. There is one like this in the crypts. I could be wrong! 
I just checked (ep 5, 21 mins in), it's a little hard to be sure but I think you might be right.
:)
There are no dragons below Winterfell. I think you mean King's Landing. 
There . be a dragon below Winterfell. The theory is that the warm water that heats the castle comes from the dragon below. Lots of tinfoil-hatted discussion of this over at 
That aside, Arya did not hide in its skull. 
Oh shit, my bad haha. 
Meh, it's just a show/book. 
YOU SHUT YOUR WHORE MOUTH.
Hahaha! I'm sorry, it will never happen again! George R.R. Martin could give me his actual shit to read and I would be enthralled! 
That's what I thought!
I like the theory that the dragon below Winterfell refers to a certain dead character buried under Winterfell who is the subject of much speculation.
I've always wondered this. Why do you Brits call trucks lorries? And for that matter, why do you call the trunk the boot and the hood a bonnet?.Edit: To the linguist, and nationalist assholes downvoting the following statements in this conversation, fucking stop you fucking twat mongers. Can't people on the internet have a conversation about an issue without it turning into a serious "my side is better than yours"? Fuck off you downvoting dweebs.
Like a lot of motoring terms it comes from the days of using horse and carts. A lorry was a low cart used for carrying stuff. I think boot comes from the use of boot as meaning a covering to protect mechanical parts
Because that's just how language works. There isn't really a 'why', it just simply is. Different words exists for different things.
and the whole cookies/biscuits thing
I just want you to know that "Twat mongers" made me laugh for a solid minute.
We do also call them trucks as well, I use Lorry/Truck interchangeably.  I'd never call a 4x4 a truck though like Americans do.
What . you call a 4x4?
A 4x4.
Or.. "four wheeled drive" 
Seriously upvoted for .. I spent 5 weeks in the UK and the lingo really threw me for a while. When they kept using the term . I just couldn't figure out what they hell they were talking about. Loved the UK - a very beautiful country.
That's . of rage for 4 downvotes..Remind me not to cut you off in traffic.
Ehh, it was more earlier. People switched their votes.
Seeing someone complain about downvotes causes me to instinctively want to downvote them. I'm not sure why.
I think old time horse drawn coaches used to have a storage box called the boot box, for putting boots in. British English is more likely to carry on using existing terminology for new technology.
Really? I haven't heard of a boot box before.
Edit: Misread comment, disregard.
 Matter resolved. Nothing to see here..Edit: I just realized that in my semi-drunken state I left out the important word . from one response. If that mistake is what gave you the impression I was acting like an idiot, I understand. I blame the beer.
I actually misread your comment. Which linguist is downvoting people? Downvoting misinformation is fine, but if people are genuinely providing relevant information, I apologize on behalf of the less ingenuous members of my field.
It's ok. I'm semi-drunk as I'm decompressing my brain from studying all day, so I've accidentally a word or two through this entire thread. But there are some serious 'Anti-Lorry'/'Anti-Trunk' people out there downvoting comments in this conversation..BTW: It's a trunk! Not a boot! ;P
It's a trunk in American English but a boot in British English. They're both perfectly fine. :P
Trunks/boots are called . in SE Asia.
Because that's the correct English name for all these things?
Not to sound like an asshole, but other than people from UK I've never heard a single person from another country call it a lorry/boot/ect.
I'm in Australia.  We call it a "boot" more than we call it a "trunk", but we also say "hood" and we say "bonnet".  In my experience.
I wonder what country the English language comes from?
Not to sound like an arsehole, but it's our language.
It's a dialect, we both speak English.
I meant that English originates in England. The English took it to the USA and Australia, where the lot of you shat all over it..I'm joking really, I think much of the US terminology makes a tonne more sense... You have far more words to accurately describe things. Like, we never use the word closet - we know what it means, but it's an Americanism. We use cupboard regardless of size and content. There's tonnes of examples like this.
I would be so confused if someone referenced the cupboard in my bedroom. I don't keep canned goods in there. 
France and Germany, mostly.
But it simply isn't the correct name for them. The term trunk comes from the fact that the earliest automobiles, like some carriages and stage coaches, lacked storage on the rear of the vehicle and owners strapped steamer . to them. As the vehicle evolved, this storage area was included in the manufacture and continued the term ., and considering that automobile manufacture really took off in the States, I think we should go with the terminology developed by those innovators. Jeremy Clarkson be damned!
Call them Boots/Bonnets here in Australia, though we call trucks trucks, no Lorries.
We refer to 'lorries' as 'trucks' because what they call 'trucks' we call 'utility vehicles (utes)'.

I was always under the impression that cars were called motorized rollinghams
I wish they were
Its BONG o'clock
This fucking joke needs to die. 
No no, cars are "vroom vrooms".
Because a truck and a lorry are different..Truck - pickup truck or similar open vehicle..Lorry - a long vehicle, enclosed, carrying cargo..I realise the thing in the picture is indeed a truck by my definition here... I guess I'm just weird. Or Americanised..I assume "boot" comes from "to boot" as in the back end of something. Bonnet as in the type of hat in the same way you use the term hood..Trunk admittedly makes way more sense but it's a boot, damnit!
I remember being young and playing that first Commando's game, on the very first mission they said to move the Lorry...took me ages to pass that level trying to figure out what the lorry was. .Thanks England. 
I learned what a lorry is thanks to Thomas the Tank Engine.
But why Lorry? It sounds like you were trying to say "Larry" but got bits of something stuck in your mouth and it came out "Lorry".
no, they just were huge fans of lori from the walking dead
Because red truck, yellow truck repeated over & over doesn't have the same effect as repeating red lorry, yellow lorry!
Why truck?.EDIT: Lorry comes from the term "lurry" - to carry or drag along.
Truck, because we're trucking it? (BTW, I'm . downvoting you or anyone else. I don't know who is doing that but it's annoying.).Edit: I accidentally left out .. I blame Heineken beer.
Some anti British twat with no sense of humour, probably. .Truck actually makes LESS sense than lorry, because the word literally means "small wheel" which couldn't be further from the modern day reality of a truck - ESPECIALLY those in the USA. 
I think it's a combination of people who don't understand either sarcastic friendly teasing of others, or who think this is a serious issue which warrants downvoting thoughts which differ from their own..I'm not sure that truck actually started off meaning "small wheel" though it would be interesting if it did. I thought one of its earlier meanings was similar to "lurry" except it applied more to "carrying something for the purpose of barter or trade". In either case, calling the trunk a boot just doesn't make sense you wrong side of the road driving goobs ;P. 
But it does make sense, it was explained to you previously.
I'll agree we drive on the wrong side.
Truck you, that's why!

I get the feeling Reddit is being buzz marketed by Dreamworks.

I ain't even mad.
Y'know, if their marketing involves making awesome looking dragon skulls and leaving them on display in random public locations, I think I'm okay with that.
i'm pretty sure they killed an ACTUAL DRAGON!  YAYYYY
Peter jackson filmed it. 
for redbull
so . ??
Anytime I see that sub posted, I visit it, and I don't ever understand it.
They try and find posts/comments made by people who are secretly advertising for companies..Some are probably on, but most of the time, I'm inclined to believe it's people forgetting that we live in a very corporate world, and a lot of brands are very good at getting their users to inadvertently do their own advertising.  Just because a brand is mentioned does not necessarily mean that it's secretly an ad.
There are corporations that pay people to post stuff on reddit. . is a collection of posts that people think were not . user generated..The most obvious one I have seen was a title some thing like "Check out what I got for $20 at my local Walmart Supercenter 
Ah yes, the category 3 Kaiju of 2013. 
of course, they had to use Japanese names cause it was like a Godzilla movie. Are we ever going to get away from racial stereotyping?
I have to ask you, is this sarcasm?
No, its like hollywood just goes.. "Oh big monsters destroying cities? Better name them 'Kaiju' ". It's just dumb
The director loves Japanese monster movies... Pacific Rim is his "love letter" to them. Of course it's going to be Japanese influenced. .Also, "Jaeger"  is German. Is that Hollywood stereotyping too? Those Germans, always driving their giant robots around. 
Good troll is good
People just need something to flap their jowls at and be offended by.  
That looks like the infant of a category 4 at best. Looks to me like it died of asphyxiation from umbilical cord constricting its airway from receiving any oxygen, but what do I know? I'm just a kaijuologist.
Definitely dead! No way he's alive!

I'll die when I'm asleep.

ONE LOOK! . THAT'S ALL I NEEDED TO KNOW HE WASN'T GOING TO MAKE IT. 
I love that I keep coming across comments referring to that movie. One of the better movies I've seen in a while.
what is it?
pacific rim, i went and seen it last weekend, and I will definitely be going to see it again while its still in theaters
Oh shit, that looks awesome.
They actually had to get valve's permission to use the GLaDOS voice changer
Pacific rim, kaiju are the monsters and jaegers are the robots. 
Just saw it, not six hours ago. Best Sci-Fi since District 9.
I like giant robots as much as the next guy but there was far too many plot holes for me to say it was the best sci-fi. Definitely the best looking though, I'll give it that.
Plot holes? I didn't notice many. I wasn't thinking too much in it, tbh.
 .Yeah, for instance why was there such a distinctive lack of ranged weapons? Surely if the entire world pooled all their resources into these things some one would of made one with some real ranged capability. 
Admittedly I can think of a few explanations as to why ranged wouldn't be as effective, but the movie didn't try to explain this at all..Also, I'm no nuclear physicist but I'm pretty sure an EMP would shut down the Gypsy just as easily as it did the others. The nuclear reacter is just the power source, it still produced electricity that the machine used to move, and the EMP would of disrupted that electricity, wouldn't it?  Again I'm not an expert, this is just based off what I learned in high school. .The key thing that bothered me though was the wall. Who in their right mind would think that's a good idea? I mean lets just assume the part where the Keiju broke through didn't happen and it kept them at bay - would some one honestly think these things were just going to give up at that point? I mean their town sized interdimensional beings for crying out loud. It doesn't take a genius to find a way over a wall. 
First off, that's a goddamn truck. Not a lorry. .Second off, they're cookies. Not biscuits. 
And its a hood, not a bonnet...whatever the fuck that even means!
Boot as well, I mean come fuck all. You store shit in there. Pretty sure that those fucking limey fucks had trunks that they also stored shit in.
You saw the movie, you did not, "seen it."
Its is also not correct, it's is a contraction of it is, so that should be, "it's still in theaters."
But me 'n Bubba gone up ta the theater an' done seen it tagether!  It were great!
hyuk!
Way to small to be a c3.
Must be a baby
Prob a c1 maybe, MAYBE, c2. 
Hey man, idk I'm just a civilian.
Isn't that just one of the heads? .I remember when it took the San Fransisco bridge and Gispy Danger crushed its other two heads. 
[deleted]
STOP POSTING
the Gipsy Danger was hanging out in alaska though
Aw shit it must have been another Jaeger then. Idk man I was just a kid back then so I was young when the attacks happened. 
so you are a time traveller then
Yuuuup. 
Fuck you Ferd is the man
Because he occupies your cock
Seeing how little attention my cock gets these days, I'd upvote anyone who occupies it.
Just wave it at traffic. That's what I do.
But I wanted to be a doctor!
carry weight 350/350
I was thinking something along the lines of GoT, but ...

Not sure if you know this but you can accomplish the *sigh* you were going for by typing a slash before your asterisks like this \*sigh\*
I could make several museum quality replicas with the amount of dragon bones I keep in that chest...
I hate menus that don't list the prices. 
Cracked me up, bro; comment of the day.
Food pictures are missing too.
That's just Asian restaurants. 
So sweet. She's one lucky lady.
.  First thing i thought of. But really. Good job. 
That is so super duper sweet I vommed (in a good way).
The pictures with the people are all holding up a word which makes the sentence "We love you Jasmyne".
All important question: Did she like it?
God i hope so.
We hope so true brother. This is true romance. Bravo.
No homo.
You're such a nice guy, man.
I just want the shower.
That swimming pool balcony looks so dangerous!
Whoever designed that dog bath was a moron who has probably never given a dog a bath. Basically water will be everywhere That wood floor will be soaked repeatedly and turn to shit.
ok, i dont know if anyone will remember a post from a while ago but its kind of relevant. it was an oval house (possibly a render not sure though) and on the inside there was a small garden/turf/grass thing. 
Something is wrong with Reddit! I showed this to my girlfriend and she says, "Yea, I've seen most of these on Pinterest." Wtf is happening? Stuff is suppose to start here and up there.
Hello there fellow, you must be new here, let me be the one to welcome you to reddit. Here, have a cookie or something.

Most of this stuff wouldn't be that expensive to do, and you could probably do it right now. Others are impractical for reasons other than just money.
this is why we cant have anything nice
Well.. guess I'm starting to play the lottery
Rotating sink, outdoor kitchen, and the beach fireplace are all a must.
these are great
I don't care how strong that glass is on the balcony pools, I'm not swimming in them. 

First thing I'd do is the window nook. Nice spot to lay out and read a book, hell yeah! 
I didn't see a mote...
By definition, you typically don't.
All of things are amazing, actually have one of them at my house.
Well, apparently my apartment sucks.  
In all honesty if I became rich my house will be normal but just bigger. But a bath outside is cool.
Damn, that's like 14 upvotes in that one gallery.
some of these things are mutually exclusive, or would require redundant house features?
Yea...the swimming balcony looked a little sketchy.

there's a big-ass window, how the hell is that a secret room?

I'll pass on the beer taps. I don't want spiders and crap in my beer. I'll take the waterslide though. 
Living out in Texas, half of this stuff wont work because it will be too damn hot and you will get eaten by Mosquitoes. 
The home arcade in the last photo belongs to 
Holy shit this looks recycled.  You get it from ebaumsworld or something?
Cause once you have it, you have it.
I kind of feel like a cynical prick, but most of these look impractical. Cool, but impractical..It was a fun read, but damn I'm crotchety. I'm not even old yet, but I'm somehow already crotchety.

I'll play devil's advocate. I'm not rich enough for most of these, but I grew up around astonishingly wealthy people... perhaps you'll find the perspective interesting:

I know I'm officially old and boring because the only thing that really appealed to me was the rotating sink. . . time to go yell at those whipper-snappers who are cutting through my yard. 
I'm gonna get all of these fucking things one day. And I'll order them all from Etsy. 
Of all of those, what you really should get, that doesn't even cost all that much, is that big top-down rain-effect shower-head..It will change your life .It sounds stupid, but the enjoyment you get from that type of shower puts you in a good mood for the whole day..When you come back from a long day, 20 mins in that type of shower just washes half the exhaustion away.
Anyone know any websites that showcase customizations to houses such as these?

The closet waterslide blew my fucking mind. Wake up feeling not so fresh, just slide down to the pool before you get some breakfast. Fuck yeah

Just your typical swimming pool balcony.
Fuck this shit, you need none of it. Stay humble. 
Its called.....money 
Balcony Desk is definitely the most underwhelming item on that list. 
 Things to get so you can have sex on them.
Balcony desk...pfffff.Glare much.

Hamster Ball Nook? I think you mean human bbq
Things I will never own.
Did ya just go on a Pinterest binge or something? :P
I love this. I am saving it so I can look at it before I go to bed at night.  Or when I can't sleep. 
Know a kid whose family has the fake beach area. It's great the first week, but then the sand gets nasty and full of leaves and junk and sand ends up everywhere if you don't hardcore-maintain it.
Even when youre rich as fuck theres still no room for the pool table.
My first thought when I saw the swimming pool balcony was imagining the glass breaking and washing everyone right off the building. Yikes!
Same. Too sketchy
I already have the outdoor firepit living room.  From experience, it's quite nice.
I see no air hockey table in the game room...
Meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, meh, KICKASS GAMES ROOM!!
I would get a 4K Sony Projector hooked up to a $10,000 Gaming PC.
I'd be satisfied with the personal yard cabin and no house.

Paired up with the outside bathtub (and maybe an outhouse), you'd be good to go. .Also: 
That swimming pool movie theater must be the most useless thing I ever saw.... - Nope, to much.... - Oh no, not good. - For fuck's sake!
You have a servant hold you in place

These are all great, but that luxury shower set up is, unexpectedly, the most erotic thing I've seen all day.
The bookcase door kind of bothers me though. What if you closed the door even slightly quicker than usual? All the books would slide off and crash to the floor.
Usually these doors don't have real books, just shells you can even move because books are very heavy. Some do but those are usually automated with a button you press to open and close the door mechanically. I watched a "how it's made" about it, pretty interesting stuff. 

My friend's dad was a movie producer for admittedly horrible movies, but they were still millionaires who lived in an exclusive neighborhood with a giant house. They had a movie theatre/game room with those little twinkling stars on the ceiling, complete with a glass coke bottle dispenser in the room. Must be nice!
pool balcony seems terrifying, as a person that's afraid of heights
Damn, its good to be rich!
It is, but the ability to afford these things is far more satisfying than actually having these things.
Wow my house blows

I think the sad part here is that allot of these can be made with a little creative thinking, experimentation, and/or good 'ol fashion know how.

Exactly. That balcony desk? I don't know shit about wood-crafting, but if I'm pretty sure anyone who even half-way knew what they were doing could make one of those. Also, I don't think the outdoor fake-beach fire-pit would be particularly difficult to make. I assume in that case, it's more about having the kind of space and time necessary to build it..The balcony pool is a different story.

I don't think that's "sad" if anything it's encouraging. You can actually DIY if you put in the time and effort. Sure some of these are genuinely out if reach for most people but some of these could be fun summer projects too. That bed swing, if you did it right you could do it safely indoors or out for a few hundred bucks in most cases. 
I shall build my own pool balcony..What could go wrong?
Man te engineering behind the swimming pool balconies must be astounding. That much weight would put such strain on that. Awesome though
They have things like it though, the glass is just normally really thick, and only one one small end, not the length of the side like in the render.
Not the glass, the weight that it would have on the unsupported balcony a d the moment it would create on the structure would be incredible. Apparently it is concept art though. Fooled me.

All you need is some transparent aluminum and it only needs to be one inch thick.

All you really need is your ., cause that shit don't exist.

Those beer taps are definitely from the Bulldog bar on Magazine Street in New Orleans
Yep! No mistaking those taps.
per proper parliamentary procedure, i will second that emotion. .edit: also, "outdoor beer dispenser" = "beer taps pouring Mississippi river water for your convenience"

Some of the stuff would be nice but the balcony pool would scare me a little. Not the glass and the heights but knowing the engineering and physics of it... .I would always be afraid of the entire thing pancaking from the top floor all the way to the ground. That's a lot of weight and money don't change physics.....The closet waterslide on the other hand or lazy river swimming pool. Hooooyeah.

 create a cooler effect, without the fear of structural instability.
Yet a similar fear of death for the swimmer.

I'd still nope to that. I don't care that there's a walkway so I couldn't possibly fall off, it'd still be nope as the vertigo from it would be too much.

In case anyone wants to know, that's at the Marina Bay Sands hotel in Singapore. And it's very safe and boring as there is another level beyond the pool edge. In fact, I would prefer it if it was the actual edge.....that would be so cool.
Seems like I turned right when I should have gone left, and somehow wound up on Pinterest Ave.
The engineering is photoshop.  It's not a real picture.
I should have looked it up, the others all appear real so I assumed it waa as well. Makes sense it isn't real, it would require quite a lot of engineering prowess.
"Totally gonna fucking get those..oh wait Im a broke college kid"
My uncle is a millionaire and he has a shower like that. It's hot steam jets, 3 ceiling rain heads, 6 wall heads, and a stone bench. It's 10'X10'. I spend 2-3 hours in it at a time. 

Honestly though. How do you actually wash yourself clean in one of those without all of the soap being lost? I've always wondered this.
you turn off the water and soap up?
I used a shower like this once when I was 12 after a sauna and now I'm 27 and I still think about that shower and how would I make it happen when I buy my own house..I think it was one head at the top and 8 additional heads, 2 on each vertex of the square.

You just move out of the way. It's big enough where there are place you can walk which have no water 
The waterslide just made me think of the movie Blank Check
Fuckin' Macintosh

That movie was badass
Unfathomable amount of maintenance that will drive you crazy in 5 min after you got this.

You pay someone else to do the maintenance!
But I blew all my money on the other stuff!
". just a stairwell slide"? Your pinterest luxury home will never be complete unless you have ..
I want to be able to slide back up as well. Sliding down is fun but sliding up? Imagine the possibilities. 
I'll start by buying .. Now I'm going to go cut a hole in my closet, brb.
138? Screw that, I'll go to home depot and build my own for less than a quarter of that price, and it'll look better too..Yeah, that's totally what I would do if I had a balcony. Totally.
I was offered it for EUR 138, looks like I am getting a deal.

Ah, well I'm a dumbass and couldn't read the tiny symbol. Also I'm American..But that's still pretty steep for a hunk of molded plastic...
Looking at these pictures made me sad, because I get to look at a bunch of stuff I really really want but know I will never get.
I know. And I live in a place that is soooo fucking expensive that a half decent car like a toyota corolla costs a 100K, a Lamborghini costs about $1-1.5 million, a very modest 1000sq foot flat in a suburban neighborhood costs about $1 million and a swanky flat or a house in a nice area is upwards of 20 million. .So I basically need to become drug-kingpin rich to be able to afford any of the shit in this album. .I'm gonna go curl up in a corner and cry now.
Where the hell do you live?!

Those are awesome, but what I really want is a kickass library.

Like The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen library.


That can be your secret room.

.  The best are toward the end.

Sanctuary!!!!! The chairs alone make it worth it.
i would want that but with music
My father in law has a room just for his instruments.  I'd love to be able to give my hobbies the space they need.

There is a lot of gauche tacky shit in there. But I have to say I stood in a shower with one of those all over body multi shower head things. It's surprisingly heaven-like. 

I felt sad for a moment too then remembered nunya bitches are gonna have it either. I found comfort in that.

Luxury home? Don't most dorm rooms comes with an organic indoor hydroponic garden?
Love seeing the beer tap fountain from The Bulldog in New Orleans.  Mmmm... Abita beer!
Came to comments looking for this. Found it, now I'm out. Thanks!

I was going to comment on this, but you beat me to it..It should be noted, though, that it is not as much of an "outdoor beer dispenser" as it is a water fountain that features the draught beer "levers" (or whatever they're called).
Taps.
Tap .. The taps are the actual valve assembly that pours the beer. Fountains like this don't have working taps, they just mount the tap handles.
Omg that shower plus those taps equal Ultimate Showerbeer!
I'm just confused as to how one would actually bathe in something like that? It would rinse all the suds off my loofah before I even got half-way down my body! 
The shower is a .. I do technical support for this company. FANCY!



Did you mean to title it "27 things That definitely Belong In Your Dream Home?"  Because that's what Buzzfeed titled 
that site sucks. He did us the hugest favor

The pet shower should be elevated so you don't have to bend over and strain your back to wash the dog.
im pretty sure the help will be doing the bending over
I've always felt this way about dishwashers, but I've never seen an elevated dishwasher (outside of a restaurant)..I want an elevated dishwasher.
The in house dog groomer washes your pets, you just stand over them and make sure they do it right.
Near my home we have a few different self-service dog grooming businesses. One is a simple walk in, harness up your dog and wash way, with employees to help you and tons of different shampoos and conditioners. The other is straight up like a car wash! Harness them up, put some quarters in the machine, and turn dial to desired function! Both are elevated at least waist high, much better for the back.

When I was working and living on a farm that raised and trained dogs, among other things, this was one of the features of the kennel..
A ramp up to it so the dogs could just stroll to operating height, and a tub that was just under waist high at the bottom. We had . so the height was about perfect..
The shower pictured looks like a nightmare to use.  
I have a golden that I bathe in the bathtub. The detachable shower head really makes a difference, but my back still aches a bit at the end of it.
Looks like it'd make a pretty huge mess too. When your pet shakes you're going to be cleaning up that floor for sure.

I have a pet shower in my entryway, and you are totally right. It's elevated and it still bothers my back. I can't imagine what the floor shower would be like.
I have friends who have this in their garage. And it is not all white and fancy...because muddy dogs.

It should also not be wall-less and over a hardwood floor.  Using a standard shower would probably make the most sense...though look less opulent. .That said, I think most people who can afford a special (retarded) shower just for pets - probably just use professional cleaning services anyway. 

Actually, my wife is a pet sitter, and one of her clients has a room for the pets. The room has some kinda of fancy synthetic flooring up to 2 feet high, and all the floor is slightly sloped to a drain. Yep, there is a hose. Otherwise it is a normal room, except all the furniture is outside furniture and there is no door to any of the rooms in the house.
It should be in the yard - with the garden hose.  You can hose it down from a good 6 feet away with a good garden hose.  
Maybe it's because it's rarely over 65 degrees here but all my pets ever have hated this. Spraying them with bone chilling hose water makes me feel like an evil person as they shiver violently even on a relatively warm day. 
I spoil my dog and bathe her in the bathtub. If nothing else, it's easier to keep her in one place in the bathtub than it would be to use the hose outside.

If you're referring to the mold in the bathroom, then yes.
Outdoor beach fire pit = expensive kitty litter box.
One big night around it and the sand will be full of dirt, wine, vomit and blood. 

Don't forget that sand will get everywhere!


Wind storms + the beach pit= disaster
I don't understand the appeal of a beach. It's hot.  You have to slather yourself with a sticky substance so you don't burn your skin.  The sand sticks to everything... 
You ever just lied down on a towel and listen to the waves roll and the seagulls chirp as the sun engulfs you in an almost blanket-like heat? It's a wonderfully calming experience.

And it smells like ocean..
Like almost everything humans like, the primary appeal of the beach involves the opposite (or same) gender.
I love how this shows how bad my life sucks ass.

really? i felt like it showed me money will buy a lot of stuff that wont really improve my life
How would an indoor water slide . improve your life?!  

It shows how much money I will never have

Waking up every day not having it is much better for long term happiness than going to sleep each night worrying you'll lose it, not to mention waking up one morning and having lost it. With that in mind, it would be nice to borrow it now and then. 
If I had enough money to buy this kind of shit I would probably just buy another one if somebody stole it

There's no evidence that increased wealth leads to lower subjective well-being..The oft-repeated stat is that wealth beyond a certain 'comfortable' level doesn't seem to . subjective well-being, on average..Anyway, just live your life well and don't worry about the Joneses.

Not with that attitude!
It shows how much money I will never have!! :D

That's the spirit!
and suddenly I'm on Pinterest..But seriously... I think you would be interested in pinterest.
I'd probably love Pinterest, but it would remind me that I'm too poor to afford the stuff to make stuff.

But really. . . I pinned the link to my Pinterest Dream House board. . .
I'm personally more pinterested in interest.
So deep~

I want that river pool!
There are rivers that you can swim in that already exist.


A while ago it was posted by itself and someone showed in the comments that it was actually a real river.

And for the millionth FUCKING TIME! IT'S A RIVER! Of my time on reddit, that is the picture I've seen most. And it's always the same title "pool that looks like a river" and then the same top comment "it actually is a river." How many more times do we have to say it? 100? 1000? For ever?
Aww. Well I guess a river would actually be nicer. Wouldn't have to clean it or close it every winter. Now to just build a house next to a river that never floods...
I wouldn't even care, it just looks so cool!
You wouldn't care that it was . a river?.But... but... that would be a million times cooler!

From owning a pool I can tell you having so many plants so close to the water would be an absolute nightmare to keep clean, especially with leaves..The nearest trees to my above ground pool are 10m away (on neighbour's property) and my pool still gets loads of leaves in it daily.
That's for the help to worry about. 

Maybe they're water-filtering plants, like in natural pools (.)
Naw man, all that shit just washes down river.
"Daddy, buy me a river and put it in our backyard."
Oh man I'd love to wake up and just waterslide straight into a pool. 


I have wanted one of those since I saw the movie blank check as a kid. The sad thing is he got all this stuff with a million dollars. 
...maybe a heated pool

Nah he said to wake up. So it would have to be ice cold.
Yeah, that would not be my preferred method of waking up in the morning


Even better if Jeeves wakes you up in the morning by gently lifting your body and casting you into the slide headfirst buck naked. 
I feel like the waterslide running all night might be a little loud.
Possibly just white noise, I think I would like it. People pay for machines to make running water noises, though now I suppose they're just called "phones" with a white noise app.
I'm guessing the water pump for the slide gets activated when the closet door leading to its entrance is open and stops when shut.

The waterslide turning on could be linked to your alarm clock..And there's a coffee waiting at the pool side..Oh God yes.
As long as we're shooting for the stars, I'd settle for a ..
If you had this, you'd probably be rich.  If you were rich, why would you have an alarm clock?  I'd be sleeping in until I stopped feeling tired.

Coffee prepared by monkey butlers. Only one at first, but he will train the others.
You mean beautiful woman/man holding a coffee.  You're still thinking like a poor person.

white noise man, white noise.

Wet noise man, wet noise. 
Ever since getting it installed I've had to pee.

Or the pool could just be filled with steaming hot coffee..Try to hit snooze for the third time that morning? 
POUR SOME SUGAR ON ME!!!
I don't think you get it. You teach your pets to shower themselves. 
Holy crap you're right! Why haven't I done this yet anyways?

That rotating sink is awesome! I never would have thought of that.
I feel like that could be built relatively easily too. I kind of want to attempt to build one at some point. 
I've seen it before on some interior design website. Discontinued and I think it cost something like $10-20k
I've used something similar in the past.  If you don't cook much it's fine, but if you're using your sink a lot it becomes a hassle.

I want it so fucking bad
You could probably make a cut-price version of it too. I'm going to pretend I designed it and pitch the idea to Kanye. 
I don't like it because it looks like it would be a pain in the ass to keep clean.  

And it has very little usable volume.
Yeah, tiny cutting boards are so useless and make me mad..And a regular sized cutting board wouldn't fit in those sinks.

Shit, if I had a ., I'd be headbanging too. 

You just know he's listening to Slayer in that cabin.

That wine dispenser, is stupid as fuck.
I don't think so...decanting wine properly is a pain.


Here you go. 
No lie, these things will make your average bottle taste distinctly better. .And it will make a good bottle taste out of this world.

No joke! Nobody drinks the same wines over and over, and I sure as hell wouldn't want to clean the lines every time you put in a new bottle.
Edit: word
Well, if it's a quality piece of equipment, it will have a system where the lines are purged with water and then air dried or something. We have a lot of lab equipment that does this so there's no reason that this machine can't do the same. 
A lot of people have a standard wine. It's usually called a quaffing wine.


so is the comma
FTFY


It's what trashy people think sophisticated rich people would have. I know this sounds snobby but only "new money" would . get something like that... It pretty much goes against all standards for making your wine taste it's best and turns it into a high priced wine box. .I'm a poor person so it's not like I'm hating on anyone because I'm rich, but that shit is trashy. 
The beer dispenser on the other hand... fucking magical

OH! I bet I could find that in SkyMall then.
my family is new money and they would totally buy into that shit. they also drink kendall jackson. whomp whomp. :(
Says the guy drinking Franzia out of an old pickle jar while writing that, but seriously, that was one of the few things in here that looked incredibly stupid, like, in flight magazine stupid.
I can't drink wine due to food allergies :( but I love the whole process of making it and what goes into wines. I'm probably one of the few people who'd take a wine tour and never take a sip. 
That seems like a very Ned Flanders thing to do.
Yah, I'm not a fan of wine either (despite growing up on a vineyard), but agree that the wine dispenser is definitely something that no true wine connoisseur would own.

I have seen plenty of bars use these with expensive wines...
Yeah, the places I've been to give you a card that you charge at the bar and can swipe at the different machines to taste different wines..It's a great way to encourage a bar-like atmosphere where everyone is standing and being social while also offering a large selection of wines to taste at your will without having to constantly bother a waiter..Not that I would get one of those in my house, no matter how rich I became, but I'm all for them in winebars directed towards a younger crowd.

If the dispenser purged the oxygen out of the bottles with an inert gas (say, nitrogen), it would kind of make sense. 

Often red wine needs to breathe before you drink it, it needs to be aerated in many cases, fine wines its less important but it still is considered a good idea until you're at top tier wine.  .The whole thing is a disaster. 
OK. I was under the impression that introducing oxygen to most wines degraded the flavour over time. TIL. 
You are correct.  Letting wine breathe typically does nothing for the flavor.  .Only for very harsh, young red wines is "breathing" worthwhile.  And even then, simply letting the bottle sit uncorked is completely useless, only the very surface of the wine is exposed to air anyway, it's pointless.  If someone does want to let a wine breathe, the way to do it is to pour it in your glass and let it sit there for a bit, but you could easily accomplish that with this device.  .If you want to aerate an entire bottle at once, then you should pour the entire bottle of win out of its original bottle and into a decanter.  This is faster then having to let each glass you drink "breathe" individually, but then you can no longer store the wine if you don't drink it all, and in terms of taste, it is not any better than just letting the wine breathe in the glass.

You don't store them like that. If you were talking about storing them, sure, but that's a dispenser, so that wouldn't be the case here. They'll turn to vinegar if you store them too long after they've been opened. Buy a . and some mid-grade red wine, it'll surprise you! It's not as good as doing it properly but it does help. 
Could you not do both though? Use the case to store the bottles in an inert atmosphere and then use the dispenser to aerate it as it dispenses?

Very few wines really need to "breathe" before you drink them, and even if a wine does need to breathe, simply letting the wine sit in the glass for a bit before drinking accomplishes the same thing as decanting it does..And if you are trying to let a wine breathe, simply opening the bottle and letting it sit is completely useless.  Only the very surface of the wine is even exposed to the air.  It's one of silliest old wives' tales there is.


You could have a little aerator attachment for red wines..Still, I don't see the point. You can only put in a bottle at a time and, let's face it, that's not going to last very long. Seems like way more faff than just pouring it from the bottle. It's not like a draught beer line where you could at least attach a massive keg. 

Well, speaking as a total wino, I would still have that. It would be . disaster. My sweet, delicious disaster.
Don't go here then.

When I saw the name of the street I got really excited because I thought it was here in San Diego. Sadly, in Florida. ;_; 

Heres a little place. They're called enomatic machines, if you're interested in searching further. This was the first google result.
it looks like they have a couple of beers on tap as well. i have yet to see a place that has a vast selection of wine and beer. i haven't really tried looking either. it's always one or the other. i guess those two worlds don't match very well. 
Aaaaaand I know what I'm doing this weekend. 
Find at least 1 ghetto example of each one of these items!
"organic indoor hydroponic garden".Are you serious? Every other house has one of those in the ghetto. 
My cousins once made a river (more like a creek) into a pool by damming it. The sewage in the area also ran off into it, but they swam in it anyway. They got all kinds of wacky diseases!

Outdoor beer dispenser? Oh, you mean a ..
Well the outdoor beer dispenser is just a fountain from The Bulldog, a bar on Magazine St. in New Orleans..Source: I was there Friday with my pup.


Some Irish lads made ..

A ghetto outdoor cabin is a tent.

 
i love your sense of humor, made me laugh.

Before I was depressed about the nice things that I will never have. Now I'm just depressed. 
That's for the help to worry about. 

well if you have help then why would you be using the kitchen yourself anyways
Some people enjoy cooking.

Really? You want to drive your luxury cars yourself, too?


I'm thinking something like this for the pool balcony.
He's drinking wine, so it's classy.
wow that's pretty clever actually. i have a balcony, maybe i should try this. it's fucking hot in toronto right now

Looks more like


I'm doing that.
Can I come over? We could take turns?
Come on out, I'm going to get some plastic lawn chairs and cut down the legs right now so by the time you get here, we can chill in those. Bring a 24pack of something good, like Keystone.
organic indoor hydroponic garden hehehe

Or  just a good old rv.
This is weed, not meth. You would need a generator if that was the case. Wait, what if you put solar panels on it, and it would be like the superest hippie van ever. Damn, man, I gotta get myself a superest hippie van.
You welcome, I'm sending you where I live, wr got a nice camping here.

P. Sherman42, Wallaby Way,Sydney
ftfy


Once we enter the van, all of our illegal activities shall become invisible!
Duh, who would expect drug users to be in a van that says things like "Groovy" and "Love" on the side?
Not to mention the license plate

Outdoor cabin, hamster ball, and classy gazebo to smoke "cigars" in.



That balcony desk looks like it could actually be easily made

Except it's the worst thing on there.  Would you really want to reddit sitting on a stool in front of a tiny little desk?  I guess it would be good for when you need to stop to check reddit on the way from you bedroom computer to your kitchen computer.
Well good luck getting a pool on your balcony 
It's also the only one I thought was an actively worse solution than the one I already have..'Right, so it's a small table that's less flexible in positioning than the one I have now. TOMORROW TRULY IS HERE'.
Or . it. A bit expensive but far from "luxury"....Of course, shipping to anywhere but Europe would be a bitch.
As german, I can tell you 15 for some plastic this size is cheap here.

could be made with half an hour, a small sheet of plywood and a ripsaw, just cut the sides, screw them to the desk part, and if you're picky, add the back piece to keep stuff from falling off that way..Edit: could make a slightly less solid one with just a plank and a rope.
As long as they also sell 'ability to do all that shit' at the hardware store I'm sorted!! 
To be fair, you can usually buy that directly outside of the hardware store. Just look for flannel and cowboy hats or hints of trumpets.

Oh god! The glare!

Well during the morning it would be facing the sun and after about 3 the house would get in the way. The only un-usable hours are around 11-3.
Do you REALLY want to sit in the sun for that long? Not sure where you're from but over here the weather sucks. 

That's what I was just thinking! It's an awesome idea and I really want to make one now but I don't have a balcony to hang it on :(

 Build a balcony.

 Add a pool.

 Profit.

 Realize this thread was discussing the balcony desk, not pool.

 Add a pool.
 Add a pool.

 ???

 Drown
 Float off the edge
RIP
 Put your junk in that box

 Directions unclear, dick got stuck in a box.

 Masturbate, because apparently, cumming in a box merits achievement on reddit. 


The hidden room would be my #1.  Being able to maniacally laugh as I vanish behind the bookcase would be great.  Except I guess they would simply know I'm behind the bookcase.
i think you want these guys then 
I did architectural drawing for two or three years in high school. Pretty much every house I designed had a secret room. One even had an entire secret upstairs that was a rec room. A staircase hidden in a sliding door in one of the bedrooms' closet lead up to it, and there was also a bookcase on rails on the second floor. Figuring out where to put the plugs was the hard part.
My Grandmas house had 2 hidden closets behind bookcases in 1 room. It was pretty awesome until it was used as the junk closet. There was so much junk in the hidden room that you couldnt even open the thing anymore (it opened inward). So they became just regular bookcases with who knows what behind them. I was always sad as a kid because of this..TL:DR- 2 hidden closets with so much junk inside the secret doors wouldn't open. Became regular bookcases.
Perhaps there's a safe in one of those rooms?
A friend of mine use to clean a house that had a secret passage behind a bookshelf. The couple had built a HUGE portion onto their home. They had a study upstairs where a bookshelf moved and went into the toy room in the older part of the house.
Wasn't there a house built that had loads of sealed off sections that could never be visited, as well as hidden doors all over the place?.I honestly can't remember what it was called but it was a fucken weird house that I read about on wikipedia.


"If I were really rich, I would have one of those secret bookcases that moves to the side. You know? That'll be cool. And behind it I would just have another bookcase. People will be like, 'This guy is mysterious and he reads . than I thought. Wow.'"
For me it's a tie between the waterslide in my bedroom closet and the hidden room. 
If only I was one of those unbelievably handy frontpage-DIY-redditors that build basement arcades and home cinemas, I would slap together one of those bookshelf-doors in no time.
The bookcase with the door frame around it? Yeah, you'd be super hard to find.
Not to mention the window looking into the room.
My friend has a TV room hidden behind a shelf in the wine cellar. It's stupid because if you push on the "door" too hard the wine flies off the shelves. 
I could be entirely wrong, but that actually seems like something that's doable on a decent renovation budget. Given that you own the house, anyway

"Hey man, what's with the random bookcase in the hall?"
"...it's where I keep my books."
"Oh, it looks like it used to be the door to another bedroo"
"I SAID IT'S WHERE I KEEP MY BOOKS, IT'S NOT A HALF-ASSEDLY HIDDEN ROOM SO FUCKING DROP IT"
Put...ze candle....!
Oooovaltine?
bek!
I actually have this in my house, I always imagine myself using it when burglars come in.

can you show us pictures?

You should have all the master controls in there that way if ever a burglar we're to break in, you can fuck with them like a game of Saw.
Or they can fuck with you, like in Panic Room.
Except yours is what is called "the pantry".
Yes?

Then you and Victor were. . . ?
Redditor for 6 years. holy shit
6 Years...god damn. You're practically a grandpa on reddit to me.
Only took 6 years for this comment to finally happen.

But they'll find all the rest of your shit while you're in the bookcase

Ill just make ghost sounds so they think my house is haunted
Amnesia Soundtrack over hidden speakers.

Just have a gun safe hidden in the secret room, and be ready to step out of the wall like a badass motherfucker into a firefight.

need a catchy one liner....... "Knowledge is power" 

No, like The Substitute..."shhh, no talking in the library" and then kick their asses with books.
"Good thing I brought my library card cause I'm checkin' you out" wait...

I see no flaws in this plan. 
Sounds like a good movie..From the writers of Panic Room and Paranormal Activity...

...in collaboration with the writers of 
Was that Mr. Feeny?

It definitely was.
I would pay money to see this in theaters. 
OH LIKE FOR GROWING WEED

Can't put anything past you. 
Especially weed.

No for growing opium poppies and then extracting the morphine and diacetylizing it into heroin and injecting it into yourself and your loved ones.
Wednesdays amiright

That um, escalated quickly.
YOU ESCALATED QUICKLY! This is a BRILLIANT idea and it works FINE. JEEZE!
That's.. Very specific. 

Most of this stuff boils down to "put inside stuff outside".
Like rivers!
Well at least your morning started off good... I saw a kitten get run over on the freeway this morning.
:(
i think we found him.
he must get in a lot of hairy situations...
It's a good thing this guy has hairy shoulders or I would have no reason to feel superior to him on the internet.
I wish I had a blanket that thick, I would never be cold.
Good thing he trimmed his neck.
I think that's just a vest over his sweater, wait...
He already has a coat on. 
Dat hair
Needs more guns!
looks like an airplane trail, not a comet
source?
Apparently it still had blood in it's veins? Pretty cool stuff. Time to clone them, please.
We have the technology!....we honestly do...
[deleted]

We do, and I would love for them to use it. How awesome would that be? 
...thus not posted on r/news...
That's what I'm saying, I bet we could do it with just Six Million dollars too!
Crime is still crime whether they steal a plant or your car.
And you're an 80s kid I you remember the PSA commercials! 
directions unclear... stuck dick in a crash test dummy.
Can these guys bankroll another Tron movie that doesn't feel rushed?  I loved the first one and the new one showed so much promise but was let down because it needed to conform runtime constraints.
Coming from a VFX Artist, myself. I can honestly tell you there was probably a good reason for not having the movie as long as people wanted it. -With how much VFX there was in that movie.
I shotgun being them on Halloween. That means none of you can be them. 
You're gonna go as both? 
unless you want to be my date. 
Gosh, take my to dinner first.
I'm bad with first impressions. 
Let's just be friends.
Sounds good to me. 
Then scale back the VFX and focus on character development.  I feel it should have been stretched  out to at least two, possibly ending when they save the son from the light cycle game.  They would have introduced all the main characters and would have set up more action for the second film where they could focus on action and not rush it since they are starting fresh with a 2-3 hours of runtime.  
2-3 is a lit in film.
A few more if you are interested. 
I've always liked the Moeraki Boulders over in Dunedin myself.
It's a trap!
There's no maybe. I did..... twice
You can read more about this image at 
Sad man willow.
It's his hat
[deleted]
It's a camera trap. No people were around.
anybody interested in this incredible animal should check out this episode of Nature: "."
I love seeing any pictures of these cats. Planet Earth was so cool when they profiled them. They are mad hunters!
Awesome!
ahhhh he's so fuzzy!
I see a cat, but where's the ghost?
That is a . cat. Great photo too
is it .?
Classic cat stuff, just trying to show its asshole to the world. 
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Damn NSA spooks stealing his metacata
this shot is amazing! so much going on behind the eyes...and the fur looks uber soft
Oh shit! It's Roque Ja (Rock Jaw).
Damn, he's handsome.
If I've never seen, "fuck off!" then this is it.
heres one trapped
That is the cutest and most serious thing I have ever seen..I wish big cats all looked more, well, ugly. I can totally see some asshole like myself trying to pet that thing and becoming its dinner.
OMG SO 
That is fucking awesome! Great Picture
Geez, even the animal looks Chinese.
that photo is AWESOME. The cat looks and says "Yes I'm bad ass."
let's name him Soujiaboy
Love it! Such a Beautiful animal!! Fave Cat ever! 
Majestic as fuck
What a fluffly cute kitty.
Wow what an amazing picture that is a photo of a life time
Oh my. They're so gorgeous.
HA! take that Pi Patel. this cat looked back!
Run free, soon the Chinese will harvest your penis ... In spite of the availability of viagra
That's beautiful, thank you.
If animals had nationalities/ethnicities, this one would be Chinese. 
seems like a HQ photo except for his face is blurry. you set up a camera trap at slow shutter speed?.edit: nevermind. bacon grease smudge on the monitor
It's Tai Lung!
Woohoo, time to fire up some guns and go and hunt that fucker into extinction - just for 'traditional medicine', y'understand...
Beatiful 
Shoot mistyped on an iPhone so I can't edit
I got bit by one of those when I was 7 years old.  I lived on a wild animal rehabilitation center and every day my mum would let it out to play with the lab dog we had.   It was just playing when it bit me, but I was not really cool with that. I remember climbing up a tree and my mum trying to tell me it was fine and I should come back down. 
you guys ever realize that Chester Cheetoh and Joe Camel are pretty much the exact same character?
Just beautiful, what an amazing shot! 
That thing is beautiful I want one.
What a beautiful creature!
Sad to think they'll likely all be gone from the wild in my lifetime. Sooner or later we'll be left with only cockroaches, pigeons, rats and cane toads. And Nancy Grace.
That thing even looks Chinese. I don't know how to describe it, but it does.
Can someone shop out that little black smudge on the top left?

Awesome thank you!
Doesn't it kinda look Asian?
He's got the exact same facial expression as the Pink Panther.
Interestingly, the snow leopard is most closely related to the tiger, not the leopard. Tigers & snow leopards split from the other big cats around 4.9 million years ago.
Tai Lung has escaped!
Kitty 
BIG kitty
Where is Soujia?
pantera uncia is my favorite species, great pic.
If I had him as a pet, I'd name him Soujia Boy.
Look at my cat, my cat is amazing.
The classic look back. And such a beautiful pussy too.

it does have a terrifying look in its eye
Precious! Oh these kitties need an escort, like that Rhino protector guy that made it to the front page :P
all i can thing of is:
Glares beck . strike a pose 
But it can't turn left
hopping to the other side? 
Such a wonderful and beautiful creature.  That face, those eyes... he has seen things, wondrous things.
Kitty!
titties
Hes just a big stoned kitty
That is a bad ass cat.
Upvote for the best submission title. Wish I could give you a bunch more than one.
I was really hoping this was going to be bigfoot :(
I always feel like someone's watching me.
I really hope there is a Chinese rapper out there called Soujia Boy.
Something about his face is so human.
I spent 3 minutes looking for a ghost by the rocks.
There's an area of China named after Soulja Boy?
Can I cuddle him?
I dont see any ghost just a stupid cat.
Richard Parker.
Majestic as fuck. (This time lacking sarcasm.)
Soujia boy tell em
I got soul, but I'm not from Soujia.
Wait, I don't see a ghost.  Dammit, I was mislead.  
So beautiful.
The way it's looking makes me think of Zoolander. 
Excellent picture ... 
I'm surprised to see a living thing in china that isn't being skinned alive.
TIL people skin each other alive in China.Hyperbole is fun to abuse.
Unfortunately, Turkeybuzzard isn't exaggerating: 
This is as good a time as any to suggest that everyone should read . by Peter Matthiessen. 
Looks an amazing read. Thank you. 
Warning: this book contains almost 0 actual snow leopard action..But it's got snow leopard psychology in spades and is one of my favorite books.
Well yes, but that's kinda the point.
Came here to say this. One of my favorites.
I am not reading a book called Snow Leopard if it has no snow leopard action... I just won't stand for it.
Snow leopard (re: cutie pie kitty) from Plant Earth (Don't worry--the BBC version narrated by Sir David Attenborough).
Its so fluffly and cute for something that can viciously attack and murder u
I'm not sure if this is by the same group since this was China, but . uses camera traps to monitor populations in India and Mongolia. If a (hefty) donation is sent, they will send you the pictures gathered by the camera you've sponsored. It's been my dream for a few years now to save up and sponsor one in Mongolia, but progress is slow on the saving frontier. If someone jumped ahead of me and reaped the sweet karma train from posting one of the pictures I would not complain..Side note, this is a fabulous group that is doing great work in assisting human/snow leopard co-existence as well as improving the lives of locals who assist the researchers. IF you're looking for a charity to support it's a good cause.
It was, in part. This picture was the result of collaboration with Panthera, The Snow Leopard Trust and a local NGO called Shan Shui.
I would die trying to pet it.
I can see it now, you running your hand through its fur while your blood irrigates the snow
Soujia boy tell 'em
e
soujia boy speaks in italics?
Does he really pronounce it rocal?
e
Is it just me or does that feline actually look Asian?
It does look Asian.. Maybe it's the liquor, but I can't stop laughing now :D
i thought this same thing
It's because he looks like ..
Interesting.  The strong 'cheeks', broad nose, the lack of protruted brow between the eyes...it actually DOES have an Asian face.
It's so fluffy, I want to just hug it, despite it's vice like jaws and sharp teeth.

my thoughts exactly. that tail, so fluffy!
FTFY
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Fuck both of your stupid ass novelty accounts.
Snow leopard fur, because of its necessary highly insulating properties, is the softest cat fur in the world. My friend worked at a zoo that had a snow leopard pelt from one that had died and she moved it from storage once. She said it was like chinchilla multiplied by 10, all down and cloud.
Oh god, now I want to have one.
They are incredibly soft, only real problem is they are all kinds of greasy and smell like a dog thats rolled in deer urine. Unless you would like to chance bathing it. 
Have petted a snow leopard myself, can confirm. Holy . their fur is soft. Would almost want to risk cuddling with one...
Where the hell did you get to pet a snow leopard?
 I technically wasn't supposed to, but for once she was sitting right next to the fence and I couldn't pass up the opportunity. They don't have her anymore though, she passed away a few years ago.
Through the online taxidermy community grapevine I know a girl who was given a snow leopard pelt by her father, he had it in storage for like 30 years and it was somehow legal- private pet that passed away long ago I think, or at least that's the story. She got it verified by Fish & Wildlife and such and was very excited to show it off, I've never seen one in private ownership before (since legal ones are understandably very rare.).Then she tells us she's going to turn it into a costume. To wear. Dancing around bonfires. Because that's what's trendy right now..So whenever you think "wow, that would be an amazing opportunity", remember: somewhere out there a teenage girl is using one as a camping prop.
I will find her, and marry her and we will snuggle in it shhhh...don't say anything...let me dream...
Sometimes a single story I hear sums up a lot of what's wrong with us.
I'm mad.
It might look like a snow leopard pelt, but I doubt it is.
The only other thing it could possibly be is a very pale, very fluffy Amur Leopard pelt, which is also a critically endangered species with a total population of less than 200 individuals. Considering FWS' opinion and that ID being the overwhelming consensus of taxidermists in the group it's unlikely it's not a snow leopard..If it were just a fur blanket it would be easier to write off as a meticulous reproduction or dyed fur of another animal, but it's the whole pelt and hard to misidentify.
Do you have a photo?
She deleted the full photos after getting a lot of people telling her not to destroy an essentially priceless artifact, but she left . up of the front.
Thanks for sharing. Wow.
I just want to snuggle it forever and play fetch with it and laugh and have adventures.
go diego go!
How do you play fetch with an animal pelt?
But that will end when it claws your fucking face off!
And after 10 days you should be good to go once again!
Is . the cute girl with the quick healing lip? 
No
Worth it.
Incredible photo
What the hell happened underneath your comment..
I don't think I've seen this many downvotes in a single sitting. 
Casual racism being casually karma-beaten.
salltheseniggersaroundhere
Soujia, boy!
i know, you can just look into his majestic eyes and hear what he's thinking:."."
Wow. Please tell me you are a 12 year old and haven't been outside of your suburban neighborhood much.
I see our summer friends are back.

[deleted]
[deleted]
Exactly
Thanks man, I cracked up as I was typing it too..All these wiener redditors downvote it, then laugh when Louis C.K. makes the exact same joke
Wouldn't want it to be a trouble 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAH WHAT A CLEVER JOKE CAUSE THIS IS HOW PEOPLE IN CHINA TALK.Great joke /s
Wait...you were being sarcastic?
Just a bit.
I guess I should have tagged my comment as "superficially incredulous"
[deleted]
When people stop being able to laugh at their own and other races, we will know that people have officially gotten too politically correct... What a sad day...
Now you're being presumptuous.  Why do you assume I don't laugh at racial jokes?  Chris Rock, Russell Peters, and all these other comedians who make many racial-centric jokes are hilarious..What's the difference?  They make . jokes, and are for the most part, satirical.  Not these ching-chong jokes that some of you retards crack up at.

It's perfectly fine to laugh at all races. This was just a shitty joke leaving it open to criticism. Hence the sarcastic "Great joke" response.
Making jokes about your own is a lot different than making jokes about others.
Sum Ting Wong?
Those cats are amazing! They don't miss anything. Tiny little click from inanimate object that hasn't moved for days? "I saw that"
That's what I thought at first, but I considered the cameras might be set up to make some sort of noise before the picture is taken, so the animal looks at it.
Probably auto focus going off.
Of course, this being a feline they instinctively sense when photos are being shot.  
The question is of course, did it not want the photo taken... or did it know about the camera and quickly posed to look badass?
Truly a question for the ages.
Animal Kingdom version of Barney from HIMYM
That look says "You'll pay for that betrayal rock." 

I'm gonna piss on you so damn hard.
For the curios, Ghost of the mountains refers to the Snow Leopord. A reclusive large cat native to the mountains of Central Asia. They live between 10,000 and 20,000ft (3,350 to 6,700m). These cats are notously difficult to film or even spot. As recently the making of . in 2007, there was very little footage of the Snow Leopord. Snow leopards are crepuscular, meaning they are most active at dawn and dusk. .Also, the Snow Leopard eats animals that are three or four times it's size. Like this fucking thing: .Edit: spelling

 For the curios, Ghost of the mountains refers to the Snow Leopord. A reclusive large cat native to the mountains of Central Asia. They live between 10,000 and 20,000ft (3,350 to 6,700m). These cats are notously difficult to film or even spot. As recently the making of . in 2007, there was very little footage of the Snow Leopord. Snow leopards are crepuscular, meaning they are most active at dawn and dusk. .Also, the Snow Leopard eats animals that are three or four times it's size. Like this fucking thing: .Edit: spelling
leopord pls
damn these are mythical beasts what is dis diablo or somin
That thing used Soul Glow on its antlers! 
*notoriously 
Thanks! I spent way too long trying to find some kind of ghost in the background.

So this is only tangentially related, but you mentioned Planet Earth, and it's in a post about a leopard, so I thought about it....whatever..Does anyone remember when (the BBC) Planet Earth was first coming out, and you could download a screen saver on their official website, and one of the pictures was of an Amur Leopard staring at the camera with this amazing expression on its face, but then they changed the screen saver you could download to a different set of pictures, none of which included said Amur Leopard picture? Has anyone else seen/been able to find that picture or screen saver again?
The Markhor looks and sounds like a fantasy creature found in a Dungeons and Dragons manual. I can't believe that thing even exists. So cool.
I'm sorry but there is no such thing as a markhol...
source!..my dad works at a fucking petting zoo _

hmm, I don't think so. The one I'm thinking of had mountains in the background. Great find though!
Majestic.
That Markhor looks like an old wise man that has seen some shit and wants to tell you about it.

Is this real?
How real is this? based on the downvotes... 
Trajectory is nowhere near parabolic enough. So, no. Not to mention, animals that size wouldn't survive a 10ft fall, let alone a 30+ one.
probably not, i am not a physicist but I don't think the actual physics that would allow a really heavy fucking goat-thing to bruce lee it's way down a valley exist

Well now you know how Babou feels...
yeah dont think so then they wouldnt be able to sleep. ever. animals are either noccturnal or day-active meaning they either awake at night or are active in the day. source my dad freaking works at the zoo >.>
Did you just imply that crepuscular animals don't exist? Yeah, you're wrong.
Cats are crepuscular. Get a cat, tie a bell to its favorite toy, and . tell me that crepuscular doesn't exist. .Oh, source - my parents are veterinarians. And I can read. 
It's a cat. They sleep whenever the hell they feel like it.
I was going to be all indignant but you're that stupid fucking account that just goes for downvotes, such a dumb thing to do.
Let's all upvote him.  That'll stop him!
You know apples are good for you, right?
I think that guy is hilarious. He brings something special to the thread. 
-32,000 in a month is kind of impressive. It takes a certain type of skill.
[deleted]
shit my bad
"Stay away from snow leopards."
I'm in the middle of a library, c'mon!
I can't help but note the driver next to the memorial on their phone not paying any attention whatsoever to it as they pass by. I suspect most of the nation is treating this tragedy like that..Edit: I realize that this came off little cynical. I apologize if that offended anyone.
There are 3 of you here and you all have piece #451
In case you don't know monopoly the other piece will be Boardwalk...  Not sure what the number is, so instead of guessing, hopefully that will help...
Good strategy, though.
Only one of the two pieces will be rare.
What kind of dog is this?
a handgun and a bottle of Boones and a sixty-nine Ford and a new pair of shoes
I live in az and there's local groups that change the lyrics of banditos to "put the sugar in the tank of Sherriff joes car".I would love to know Rogers reaction to that. Probably a chuckle or two
Ha
ok

Got any pics before??
how much you talking to have a full wrap like this ?
is that matte
everytime i see a flat black charger, i think of fast and furious. i like.

To my delight I have started to notice more and more cars with this finish. I don't know anything about cars but I'm curious, what is it called? Is it expensive to get it at the shop?
You went neutral?
Matte black.  Looks good in person, almost stealth-like
New color: Badass
I really like the body wraps. Looks good!
Sorry, probable dumb question: Is it legal to change the color of your car? .Looks great though.
Yup, there's nothing on registrations that indicate anything about the color of your car. .Contrary to popular belief, having a different color car also has no affect on your insurance..At least that's how it is in most US states.
Now you just need to plastidip your rims flat black! murder it out
Already planing on it. ;)
Nice, flat black, my favorite color for a car!
Decidedly better with the matte vinyl. The contour lines look sharper. 
You should plastidip the grill to match.
I like the satin finish. Is it plastidip or did you actually get that with regular paint?
3M vinyl wrap.  Matte paint is hard to get an even finish without streaks, so many opt for the wrap.
Dipyourcar.com mang.  It's easy to paint your own car with matte plastidip these days.  
Oh yeah... I can't wait to murder one of my rides.
The flat black must indicate it is actually a bbq
Yea Matte black is fucking awesome how much did it cost? And did you do it yourself? 
I had it done by certified 3M installers.  Depending on the vendor you use, prices from 1.5 to 3K.  Cheaper than it would cost to have the matte painted properly.
Is it harder to keep clean?
No waxing and keep away from abrasives, like the brush carwash.  Just wipe it down with soapy water it's good.  So, easier actually.
Ok.. it photographs poorly, though ;-)
Ontario registration cards have a color. You just need to notify the MTO that you changed the color of your car though, and you are good to go. 
Interesting, what if you have some obscure color? Like if you drove a super car and it was like rainbow colored or something? 
Good question. I don't even know if vehicle wraps would be considered a color change, since it is temporary. 
So many fingerprints...
since its a sticker, no.
just outta curiosity, can you remove them later, and if so does it fuck up the paint underneath?
Yes, fully removable, and will actually protect the paint.  May leave some adhesive residue, but it comes out in a wash.
depending on the vinyl.  i have a vehicle specific (i think the op might also, since its 3m).  it technically protects the paint and comes off pretty easily with no residue, if warm (like if you leave it in the sun for 20 minutes)..ive rewrapped the mirrors and gas tank door on mine before.  

That is really cool
Nice post op!
Thanks, that's epic!
Now sell them on the Home Shopping Network for just 5 easy payments of $29.99!
What a waste of money... oh wait.
That's mildly interesting
Agreed. Very mildly interesting.
First picture from when it was first being researched in the 50's? or when they first used it on a mission in 2001? 
First picture since the last time it was posted.
Some of these are really great. Thanks, bro.
Any idea where #5 was taken?
I like #7, because FUCK YOU
c: thanks
Source 
As much as people may deny it, there was an element of cosplay that operating during the Zimmerman/Martin confrontation. Taken to the extreme, you could dress a man as a facially tattooed, wife-beater wearing, wallet-chained street guy and then wig him up, remove the tats, put him in a clerical collar, and pose him holding a bible. Show the photos to any group of people and which character do you think they would identify as physically threatening or dangerous?
I'm sorry, but sepia always intimidates me. 
In all seriousness, if I had to pick one group to spend a day with, you can count on me choosing the bottom group. The group on top (I know they're the same people) look more intimidating and scary. They do not inspire the same comfort level and I call bullshit on anybody who says they can't tell a difference. 
If they were walking around in the rain in an area where there had previously been break-ins by BMJ's then yes.
I never noticed that. That's insane!
And she let you? Will you be cooking for her when she has dementia?
I really hope you didn't swallow it..But look on the bright side, you're building up your immune system! In a very gross way 
And I thought . had bad parents... At least mine would have put down the camera and stopped me. .I think.
One minute ., that one was blurry. Wait... oh my god, give her some more, a rainbow is forming! This'll be front page! Look, if needs be we can have her stomach pumped but 
No, I don't remember any of it, but my mom told me that it was like a shit three musketeer candy bar. Lol. I had to get rechecked for worms multiple times.
If you always did this, I'd say you've eaten worms one time or another too.
My mom was trying to learn how to use one of the first digital cameras made and was taking pictures of me, Occasionaly I would pick up a leaf and put it in my mouth. My mom would then come and take the leaf out of my mouth. This wasn't a leaf, lol.
AWE hunny look he is about to eat poop!
They were just thinking for OP's future. .Now OP can use this to get some sweet, sweet karma!!
His hat Is slightly unsettling ....
That is a traditional Mongolian One-Eared Rage Hat.
what the fuck are you talking about 
Amen to that.
Exactly.
Rather than enjoy the beauty of the ocean and beach, he's plugged in to his phone.
He probably just took a beautiful picture and is sending it off, or seeing where someone is, or calling 911 because someone just got eaten by a sonofabitching shark. Who knows. Unless he told you that he was playing on the phone instead of enjoying the view in which case ok, but if he didn't thats a very big assumption from a small snippet of time.
That's why it's called an 'image'.
Any else get annoyed by this ? :@
I have a hard time being annoyed because I finally found them for sale in the USA... it used to be that I could only find them in Mexico. 
*My kid and I....

As seen walking down the street in NY
Don't get me wrong, I have a healthy respect for bees/wasps and all sorts of other NOPEworthy creatures....It's about the length of two dimes, call it an inch (2.5cm). . (among other things) could be called the stuff nightmares are made of.
It's crazy how freaked out I get by just looking at a picture!
This the Vespa crabro, which isn't that dangerous, as long as you're not allergic. They can get as large as 2 inches long, and are less aggressive than regular wasps.
Is that the same as locust killing wasps? That's what someone told me they were. I hadn't ever seen them until I moved into the house I'm in last year. .Wasps completely freak me out so I was ready to move the first time I saw these monsters last summer. 
No, that's the Sphecius speciosus. Look at the difference in wings, shape and color:.edit: Although cicada killers are large, female cicada killer wasps are not aggressive and rarely sting unless they are grasped roughly, stepped upon with bare feet, or caught in clothing, etc..The same goes for the Vespa crabro... so no need to be afraid!
Ok here's a pic of another one
wow....it might be a cicada killer after all! But still: not dangerous!
Good to know! Thanks!
True love last forever.
In case any is interested, my great-grandfather was a WW2 veteran. He was stationed in London, and there he met my great grandmother (he saw that my great grandmother was having trouble with her bicycle's lock outside a pub, and offered to help her). He took her back home to Oklahoma with him 3 years later.
The best way to go
Sorry for your loss..<joke>
Were the other people in the car screaming?
</joke>
Original - "I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather. Not screaming in terror like his passengers."
I got choked up when I read this. To love and be loved is all you need.
All aboard the Faucet Ass Express!
I bought a bottle of this for my dad as a sort of gag gift.  Fucking hot, with a really disappointing flavor...
Where's the mad husband wine?
you're holding it wrong
The next time she hangs up a picture crumple it up and throw it away. If she asks why just say, "I saw it as junk, your always taking pictures and hanging them."
What a bitch.

It wasn't out of spite, she just saw it as junk because I'm always doodling
That's incredible.  Is this a common occurrence there or just a right place at the right time scenario? 
It's not my photo.  We had a very warm day in Melbourne today considering its winter.  Then the storm hit and ruined everything :(
Oh right on.  That's funny about your weather though.  In Austin we've gotten some extremely hot days for the past week, and now we've had about two days off on and off gnarly storming.  I'm curious though, what temperature do you guys consider warm in Melbourne?
I drive to work at 3:00am most mornings and as it is currently winter here it is normally around 2 degrees Celsius (roughy 35 in your weird imperial measurement).Today it was 15 (around 60) at 3:00am which is nice for winter..Averages for the year.

Haha, I'm jealous. in comparison to here. Even with rain storms we're hitting  90-100F (32-37c).  The weather in Texas is renowned for being unpredictable.  I'm not exaggerating either.  It's actually snowed here before during the spring.  .Imperial measurements are silly, but it's been so ingrained in our country that I think population would have a mental breakdown if we tried to convert to the metric system.  Luckily if you're working within a science department here you strictly use the metric system.  .Anyway, good chat.  Happy browsing, man. 
Well that escalated quickly
What a shitty poster.  I'm an educated guy in a blue collar line of work, by my choosing.  There's nothing wrong with it; I like it.  I'd just rather put on steel toe boots, go outside and move my body than sit at a desk.  I make the same money I could as a software developer, which is what I was going to school for, and it still takes brains to run a business.  Don't assume that people doing blue collar work are dumb or only there because they didn't do well in school.  A lot of people are make the same money as white collar workers, and enjoy what they do.
that's a terrible message. work smart and hard.
Showed him in 1977... But copyright 1978.  His guidance counselor is a time traveler.
Is that Jimmy Kimmel in the cap and gown?
As a recent college graduate, my thoughts are "at least the guy on the right has a job"
I'm all for encouraging people to go into labor intensive jobs that don't require a degree. Not everyone needs to go to college, and there are way to many useless degrees out there. But the circle jerk that usually accompanies these types of threads that basically boils down "Anyone getting a degree is stupid and made an objectively wrong choice and should have been a plumber," is pretty ridiculous. 
I actually heard this guy speak at a convention for a school club I was in called SkillsUSA. It was our national convention and he was the keynote speaker. It was really cool to hear him talk about this, and how he created his own version that he wants in schools. Also, really cool guy.
I think the original intent of the poster was a bit lost. It was always my understanding that "work smarter not harder" meant finding a better way to do the same job. Ie: using a wheel barrow to move a pile of bricks instead of carrying them by hand.
Hah. I'm an elevator mechanic and some lady walked up to use an elevator I was working on and then realized it was out of order. As she was walking away she told her kid that the reason he needs to go to college is so he doesn't end up like me. .Yeah, don't end up like me, I only make a crap load of more money than my college friends do. 
I graduated high school last year and didn't go to college. I went to work for my grandfather doing construction. All my friends went off to college while I stayed home and worked. When they came home this summer and saw me covered in sweat, grease, oil, diesel fuel, etc. I definitely felt like there was some judgment. They typical stereotype of "you aren't smart enough to go to college" and it really bothered me. I decided not to go to college because I have no idea what I want to do the rest of my life and didn't want to pile up a ton of debt for a degree I may never use. Plus I enjoy construction (even though the work is back breaking) and I get to work the family business just like my great grandfather, grandfather, dad, and uncles. Now the way I look at it, i'm making money not debt, i'm learning a very wide range of skills that I know ill use for the majority of my life, and I enjoy what I do despite the fact its a filthy rigorous job. No degree, no shame. 
I was amazed watching his TED talk how well spoken and eloquent of a speaker he is. Really an enamoring speaker. Should be more of a role model than any athlete or actor. Cool dude.
When he mentioned this poster the other day on Real Time, and the question asked being "Which would you rather be" all I could think about is "Um, well, of the two, the mechanic has a job"
It amazes me that people undermine university education and view the trades only from the perspective of money. Sure, some degrees may not make as much money as some dude who can weld two pipes together but who gives a shit? Sometimes it's not about money. A university education has intrinsic value to it and gives one, ultimately (in my opinion) a greater and more nuanced understanding of the world around them.  If you're solely in it to make money, yea go ahead and learn a trade.  But you're not going to have a nuanced understanding of the world around you beyond the opinions of your friends, family and fellow wrench monkeys around you.  I'd rather be educated and 'poor' than ignorant and rich.   
Screw that poster. I love my industrial job. I can feed my family and do what I love in my off-hours.
The best technicians I've come across were college dropouts. Not because it was too hard, but because it was a waste of their time. Without the degree "fall back on" (read: become complacent) they had to hustle. Their minds were too focused and sharp to sit through irrelevant coursework and instead they put those restless minds to work on important problems in their chosen field. Now in many cases my plumber, electrician, mechanic, contractor, etc... can easily break into 6 figure territory after a decade in the field. 
I love Mike and all, and I even agree with him that manual, dirty jobs are not inherently a bad thing... HOWEVER that is not the way our society has evolved..The reality is that in America today, even if you do want a manual job, for the most part, you will get paid less than what you probably "should" be making for your contribution to the company's bottom line.  Manual labor is not just looked down by workers themselves, but also under-appreciated by most companies.  Many companies that employ a ton of manual labor jobs are constantly looking for ways to outsource their labor, which makes jobs very unstable.  Or if its in something like construction, the environment tends to be not the safest or tends to be run by sleazy companies always looking to screw over their workers..I know Mike talks about how there are tons of manual labor jobs that go unfilled each year because no one wants to do them... but that's just one side of the story.  The other side is that many of them are quite poorly paid and have little benefits if one gets hurt while doing them.  If it because of those reasons that so many of those manual labor jobs go unfilled..So as much as it would be nice if there wasn't this blue collar versus white collar animosity out in the workplace, much of it is rooted in the way the US has shifted to a more information/service based economy that unfortunately looks down on getting out hands dirty.  That's not how it was 30, 40 or 50+ years ago, but that is the reality today.
Anyone else feel like the picture on the right glamorizes the idea of the hard worker more than anything else?  That guy looks like a bad-ass, while the guy holding the diploma looks lime a limp-wristed little pussy.
Saw Mike on Bill Mahers' show, he did a great job and was very insightful. Thx Mike for defending the hard working guy and fighting against the 'Blue Collar scare' that we have in America today. 
My Uncles a United States certified welder he makes damn good money and everyone's always knocking on his door. I grew up in a working class trade family. Learn a trade, be good at it and you'll never be out of a job for long. 
Only difference in original poster, is the guy on the right is making money not thinking he is above the job he performs. It's why most people thought they "couldn't find" jobs during "recession". There were always jobs available, but people thought they were too good to perform such duties.
nice, he was just talking about that poster last week on maher
I feel like Mike Rowe is one of those people who's actually a really nice person and not just putting on a smile for the camera. Mike Rowe is a cool guy.
What poster inspired him to sell fords and jeans?
DAE COMPUTER SCIENCE.
Very nice. To those who didn't see it, he was a guest on this week's Real Time with Bill Maher and spoke about it. Very cool, smart guy.
Nothing wrong with a good, hard day of labor.
My favorite part about that poster is that the one on the right is the only one getting paid.
Mike Rowe=my biggest man crush <3
I was lucky enough to serve him at my bar once. His choice of drink surprised the hell out of me. Overall a really nice man and a good guest, but my fellow bartender didn't give a single fuck and wanted him out the door so we could close.
There is something to be said for a good day of hard work. 
RIP Dirty Jobs
Mike Rowe should have a month devoted to him and his hotness at lady boners. Swoon. 
Dad always told me to work smarter not harder. It doesn't necessarily pertain to white vs blue collar. It means doing things like do your hardest work early in the morning before the sun is up, kill two birds with one stone, ect...
Does anyone else think the guy on the left of the poster looks like Leonardo DiCaprio?
I just can't believe I hit command+F on these comments and couldn't find a single "Ernest" or "Worrell". Not one anywhere. Know what I mean, guys?
Funny considering he was up on stage with Romney, a guy who hates the type of jobs Mike Rowe represents.
I don't really think that poster encapsulates what "work smart, not hard" is supposed to mean. It's not about picking a job that doesn't involve hard work, it's about maximizing efficiency and balancing productivity and burnout.  
My favorite is the catch 22 for college kids. 
We'll hire you but only with a degree. Oh and 5 years experience.
"It's the dirty jobs that make civilised life possible." I fucking love this man.
I feel like the hard work you do should be completed in a smart way. You should always work hard, but be aware of how you're doing it
Wow, I didn't know Jimmy Kimmel was a poster model in the 70s
Guidance counselors: inciting class warfare since 1977.
Does he not like Ernest P. Worrell in this picture?
I also personally know "laborers" that make $100,000 a year. And, I personally know college graduates with $100,000 in student loans that are making $26,000 a year. I love to point that out to people who look down their nose at "laborers". Gives me a warm tingly feeling
"Work smart not hard".I blame that phrase for every lazy know-it-all-fat-ass on the planet.
Rowe looks like Jim Varney in that photo.
It's no wonder the trades were thought of poorly through the 80s and 90s. Everyone in my generation was told to go to university, get a degree, and we'd get a great job..Aaaand then everyone and their little sister went and got a degree and suddenly they weren't nearly as useful... especially when so many degrees are purely academic and not necessarily practical..Meanwhile, people who went and did a two-year trades diploma were trained to do a job and were immediately ready to do a much-needed jobs... and for very good money..This is partly why I left university (where I was starting a computer science degree) and did graphic design. I have friends who have one or two degrees and are still working in retail. Meanwhile, I started work right out of school  in my field.
Here's a dirty secret. I hated doing electrical work, but boy do I love how much my electrical business makes, and now I don't even have to do the work.
Fwiw: I graduated from college and worked terrible jobs for about 6 years. I finally learned  how to do something and made significant leaps in income ever since. Here's the kicker: I get paid around $20k/yr more than my colleagues without degrees just because of that piece of paper. I don't know more or produce more. But my employer can charge more for me than they can my pal who didn't finish college..University cost me $50k. I made it back in years 7 and 8.  I have another 30 working years ahead of me unless I decide to pack it in early. It might've seemed like a ridiculous expense at the time but anecdotally it's paid off in spades. The value of higher education doesn't show up in the first five years of a career.
 Mike Rowe speaking before the Senate on his position
Fuck that's a messed up message to have in schools. Spend your money on college and get a degree, college is the road . working class labor. Whoever the hell designed that better have a good excuse for their classism next time they need their car, plumbing, electricity or roof fixed. 
Didnt know Jimmy Kimmel used to model... 
If my guidance counselor showed me that poster and asked me which one I'd rather be, I'd point at the mechanic and say that his job seems a lot more fun than just standing around holding a degree like a boob.
Is it just me, or does that guy on the left look like Jimmy KImmel?
mike rowe is motherfucking FINE.
I haven't seen it in the comments yet, but here is a Ted Talk Mike Rowe gave that very eloquently lays out his mentality about so-called "dirty jobs":.Somebody said it better than me: a society that values philosophers because it is exalted and devalues plumbers because it is not will have the same problem throughout.  Nothing will hold water.
Fuck that's a messed up message to have in schools. Spend your money on college and get a degree, college is the road . working class labor. Whoever the hell designed that better have a good excuse for their classism next time they need their car, plumbing, electricity or roof fixed. 
To be fair, foundry work totally blows
He was on Real Time with Bill Maher this week, made some really good points!
I recommend 'Shop Class as Soul Craft' by Matthew Crawford. It's a great read. He has a Phd from Columbia and worked at a think tank. Gave it up and became a motorcycle mechanic. Here is a link to the original essay:
He is my go gay guy.
In this day and age, the guy on the right is happier, healthier and wealthier than the guy on the left. 
He just mentioned this poster on Real Time with Bill Maher last Friday!
He looks like Ernest P. Worrell.
i was browsing reddit and i heard about mike rowe so i went and got a manufacturing job now i am living the dream life.thank you reddit

I saw him give a keynote speech in Kansas City about how he though that this message was the worst advice to give to anyone. He launched . campaign to replace this message with .. .He had some inspirational words for the importance of vocational training. He really is supporting many vocational programs and trying to spread the word to "Work Smart AND Hard"
Mike Rowe is a genetic specimen. Not everyone can physically "work hard" at his age. 
That poster is insulting on both levels

This poster isn't completely accurate to the truth....
Sometimes working smart is working hard. Getting messy and your coveralls gunked up with filth is the best thing ever.
Where are all the great jobs this guy is always going on about?
Never understood why working hard is .. 
I love the phrase "Work smart, not hard". .But my understanding of it is completely different to the one Mike Rowe describes. .To me "work smart, not hard" means using you knowledge and skills to perform a task faster, more accurately and efficiently. There are clearly ways to do any task the hard way, wether it be white or blue collar work..Doing things in the right order, knowing how to use the proper tools and organizing the work more optimally is a "smart" way of working. If anything, blue collar work would likely benefit greatly form working "smart" as opposed to "hard"..But that is just my take on it.
Is that Ernest?
How does Jimmy Kimmel feel about being on the left side of that poster?
so he became an opera singer
Growing up in a fairly blue collar area from a fairly white collar background taught me to hate that sort of message. I don't think I could really enter a trade, but not because I'm too good for it. People enjoy different avenues and these paths are usually not unnecessary. We need a carpenter as much as we need a teacher or a doctor, so the feeling of superiority is just harmful to our ability to respect each other 
Anyone else think the cap and gown kid looks a little like smug Sheldon Cooper?
As an Ironworker. We work smart. And hard. 

"Look, the people you are after are the people you depend on. We cook your meals, we haul your trash, we connect your calls, we drive your ambulances. We guard you while you sleep. Do not... fuck with us. "
Looks like Ernest goes to college to me.


Mike Rowe was a guest speaker at the Skills USA closing ceremony in Kansas City, Missouri. His message is to spread the slogan "Work smart AND hard."
I always interpreted the saying as "find a way to do the job easier" 
Job snobbery is so dumb. A job is a job, and if you like it, and it provides a living, don't let anyone stop you.
I figure the same thing happens in Australia. Correct me if I'm wrong, but from my friend's interchange experience, blue collar jobs pay very well there, as they should. I really wish I could opt for this kind of job, but in Brazil the "dirty" jobs pay next to nothing..I know a contruction worker and a cleaning lady who lived in Australia, and earned 7-8x their previous brazilian salary, for the exact same functions.
Mike was just on Bill Maher explaining this. Very insightful...Hope the link isn't sloppy. I'm on my phone. . 
I'm gona be perfectly honest, I think the obsession with going to college in this country is somewhat a good thing, but I think the message is getting muddled.  I think we've reached a point where, as a society, we just think that a university degree is the standard amount of education a person should have, regardless of their career.  The issue is, that we still charge for the last 4 years so we discourage people who will not NEED a college education for their career to not attend, but then we belittle them for having not attended college.  So then all these people who may prefer a blue collar job go and attend college to be socially acceptable and then expect to get a "better" job that can make the college education worth it, even though there simply aren't enough of these jobs to go around..Personally, I think it would be smart if people considered making state colleges free public education while trying to maintain the same academic standards and creating more specialized majors that could be geared towards blue collar jobs along with the additional general education colleges provide.  This way, people can pursue higher education without it needing to be worth the cost career-wise.
The "you have to be a uni graduate stigma" always got me down a bit during highschool i had a short attention span and was frequently told i would amount to nothing without an education. University didnt interest me straight out of school so i tried my hand at several different apprenticeships and ended up a boilermaker(welder fabricator) now i make 6 figures and love my job, plus its a great skill to have around the home fabbing up stuff in the shed. Only thing i would love to do now is an engineering degree so i could have the best of both worlds of the blue collar and white collar part of the same industry. Ironicly i would probably still be better off obtaining more post trade welding certs to improve my income rather than 5-6 years of uni to start at the bottom of the engineer ladder. 
What the hell, does the man on the right work in Mordor?
So many smart people out of work right now because they never learned to work hard...

As someone who dropped out of college and is now very happy in trade school, Mike Rowe is an inspiration.
Why is Jimmy Kimmel time travelling?

Posters like that inspired a generation of liberal arts majors, such a shame.
He gave an entire speech about this poster during the Opening Ceremony at the 2013 Skills USA National Conference. .Work smart . hard.
Work hard at the job where you have to shower after work ... so you can get a job where you shower before work. 

YES! I came to this thread to say that.



This comment is much more relevant to the conversation on this post than the comments above it.








He had a nice talk about this on Bill Maher last week.
here is a link to most of it. 
Is it just me, or does the diploma guy look like Jimmy Kimmel?
I watched this video Mike did about the nature of American Labor (among other things) and it gave me a new found respect for the man, in addition to making me re-think my goals for education and what I want/need to do as it relates to my career path. Fascinating stuff.
Better a decent trade school than a lower-tier college..This is doubly true for law school. 

I feel like that is the mentality our generation has been handed which is creating a lot of our problems. Rowe was just on Bill Maher and said that these types of "dirty" jobs are having trouble finding workers. Many of these jobs are minimum wage sustaining jobs but my generation has been told "Don't flip burgers" "work smart not hard" and even my own parents who have a comfortable middle class life told me "Don't be like me, go to college and get a real job you like". I mean yeah we all want a job we like but my generation has been told repeatedly that the only real "respectable" job is the one you get from college, and I think it's created part of our problems. We have kids graduating from college with worthless liberal arts degrees who can't get work any where that refuse to work these types of jobs. I think the mentality that has been drilled into us has created an entire generation of people who think they are too good for these jobs that our society needs to thrive. .Edit: Before anyone freaks out on me I'm not saying college is a worthless endevor. I'm just saying unless you have an actual field you are trying to go into college is a waste of money. I'm an interior decorator for example and I've hit the ceiling for what I can charge unless I go back to school for my interior design degree, so that is what I'm doing. That is a good return, especially when considering there is a shortage of interior designers. But unless you have a true goal like design, engineering, medicine, etc. going to school for an over arching business degree is probably going to be a waste of money. My mom is a city bus driver and makes good money with the best benefits I've ever seen in my life and she didn't spend 40k getting trained for the position. 

"Do drugs? I'd rather stick anchovies in my ears" ...That's what the poster in my guidance counselor's office said.
I saw that poster in the hallway. I saw it and thought "nah, I'll stick with the drugs." 

lmao how high do you have to be to put anchovies in your ears
I'm going to uni now for what will be a 100% Air conditioned office career and in the back of my head I kinda wish I had a labour job. Nothing like a good day of hard work building shit
From 18 to 25 I worked as a heavy diesel mechanic for Cummins. It was hot - it was long hours and my parts hurt every night. I did things like work 6 days a week - 14+ hours a day. I got home and drank a beer and went to sleep. .From 25 to 38 I worked in the IT industry. It was air conditioned - it was regular hours for the most part. I did things like help people with their computer problems. I got home and drank a beer and went to sleep. .From 18 to 25 I worked as a heavy diesel mechanic for Cummins. I did things like rebuild generator engines that ran back up generators for a Children's Medical Hospital. I built the engine that kept the ice frozen for the Dallas Stars hockey team. I rebuilt and repaired engines that kept our trucks on the road delivering all the good and stuff everyone needs to just live. I would go home and drink a beer knowing I actually accomplished something. .From 25 to 38 I helped people figure out how to send an email. I got fat. I got depressed. I feel like I don't really accomplish anything of substance any more. .At 38 I would give anything to go back to blue collar. But I am fat and out of shape. No one would hire me. I am now trapped in a career path that is unfulfilled - dull and doesn't really produce anything of value. 
You know what you never break in an office job?  You never break your back in an office job.  Don't let Mike glamorize hard labor.


I can't remember where I saw it from, and its only slightly relevant:.A white-collar worker eats lunch/dinner and its just normal for him/her, Sure some days the food might be better or even great, but still its just normal..A worker working a labour job, when they eat lunch/dinner it tastes like heaven, since they worked up an appetite..(Very, very paraphrased)

[deleted]
You've hit the nail on the head, with your words not your arm. Working smarter in action. 
He worked his ass of as well and got very lucky.  Don't be mislead- these people do both and lucky on top of that.


Mike Rowe is the lovechild of Jim Varney and Jon Hamm.

That picture is setting up many children for a harsh reality check down the road, we need people like the guy on the right, someones gotta do it.

And people wonder why college students don't want to accept a blue-collar job after graduation when they can't find one in their field. They call them spoiled and entitled when they pass up a minimum wage offer. Really, though, they're a product of society. They've had it drilled into them that these jobs are beneath them.
Haven't there been millions of blue collar positions eliminated and qualified people were frequently laid off?.In 1977 they could have a woman with a degree or working in the textile industry, and we still need clothing but many jobs are gone for good. 

Don't understand how so many jobs can't be filled
Even after going to a technical school for a 2 year degree it's very hard without connections to get hired, they want experienced skilled workers and are not willing to provide training.

I feel like the term blue collar job refers to the impression of a job for life. No one wants to do this work for life, but for the American past, you do this, you do this job for more than 5 years which becomes a lifestyle..In the solder/circuit board factory shop I work at, out of 20 employees, 5 are super competent. They work really hard churning out boards without errors and focused effort 200% more than anyone else. Trained in many tasks, the work consists of knowing parts, where they go, and how to create them. Every position of resistors and capacitor. Since I was hired by my uncle, he gave me a lot of training. I had to fill my head full of practical shit. Half the temps and other people working couldn't do it. They were going through so many employees every week. Those 'veteran' workers. Highly skilled, educated in their field, attentive, effective, and efficient were a staple back then. Today they're a dime a dozen. They're also compensated well, my uncle who is their best employee on the manufacturing level gets paid as much as some accountants and data analysts. He's been working there 5 years. .There are people who should go to college and people who shouldn't. I know 'smart' kids who would fail miserably at this kind of job despite their 4.0 GPA. They wouldn't have the dexterity or understanding about efficiency..My sister's friend who was a lawyer ended up moving to South Dakota and worked on a oil rig for 170k+ for 8 months of the year. Shows where that degree went. But at the end of the day, he can be a lawyer and an black gold digger..Companies want men and women who can competently do their jobs. They want to invest a ton of time into their workers, but the workers don't seem as if they want to invest the time back. People look at jobs as something temporary now these days until they get somewhere better, but a lot of times they're just wasting time in limbo employment. .It's a sad mentality that no one wants to get stuck in blue collar. Companies don't want to invest in people who don't want to. Everyone who should be (I think should be) don't think they should and are stuck trying to scheme or find their own niche business. There is a plethora of college kids who are in college that shouldn't be, but they won't want to take up those jobs. The kids who dropped out are probably not trying to settle for a current lifestyle of food service and drug dealing rather than holding pride in their decision and finding a trade. .Everything is so complex. So much inefficiency in the employment and movement of people and certain attitudes towards it. We need to tell people, "Hey it's alright. You can work this hard job, earn a living, have a family, and have a great fulfilling life. Not everyone's going to be a millionaire or ball out like Wiz Khalifa." 
I almost think they're just not advertising the jobs or something.. I just almost can't believe there's so many unfilled jobs just sitting there. People are ready to work, I don't totally buy in to this idea that people are somehow snubbing their noses at the trades after they get a degree. Plus there are a lot of "unfilled" jobs that they're not actually hiring people for, they just want to accumulate resumes . they need to hire someone.  
ya no kidding a lot of job are pretty fake and even with fake starting date and they arent really recruiting
The problem is more that employers are not willing to provide the necessary training for those kinds of blue collar jobs. They want people to walk in with a bulk of experience and then train them on specifics. 
It's like that in IT too, but it's worse because HR is filled with incompetent morons with poor logic skills.  I've seen job listings asking for five years experience in three year old software.


My company is the same way. Unless you have your foot in the door and work your way into a trade, they want people ready to work off the street. .There will be a demographic crisis very soon though with boomers retiring and their penny pinching meant they haven't kept up with employee development. .Oh well, more work and job security for their short sightedness. 
I think we're going to end up with an underclass of people who have basically no useful skills--not because they were lazy, but because they were given no opportunity to develop. That's going to cause some serious civil unrest, especially if we can't get our health care system in order.
In my industry we have lots of old infrastructure, money is starting to be approved to update these things, tons of projects to do....But we're not hiring and training. People within my company wait years and years to try to get into the trades, but the company can't bear to spend the money. More with less is the mantra. .It will bite everyone in the ass soon. 
I know first hand that a lot of "unfilled" positions are unfilled because a lot of employers have unrealistic expectations..Just the other day I saw an opening for an "Mechanical Engineer I" which required a Master's degree in ME, 3+ years internship or work experience, small electronics and exotic metals experience, and a solid background of EE - all for $50,000/year with 2 weeks vacation to start. It's a tiny, bullshit salary for that position out here..That job in this region should be paying $75k, minimum. Yet here we are, and that job  (and hundreds like it) remain unfilled and companies keep saying "We can't find anybody QUALIFIED!".What they're saying is "We can't afford to pay for what we want!"
its more like "we want to pay the lowest possible  and were unwilling to make decent offer".

haha i'm in the same boat and see that shit all the time. 7 months out of college and have little to no engineering experience. I still try to apply to these "entry" level positions anyways. There just seems to be a lot of jobs but no careers.
dont worry its same for me (Finance/CS) in Canada.

 if I judge it by his . last week

Mike Rowe is the man of every woman's dreams.  I'm a man, and even I know this..Rowe is smart, willing to get his hands dirty, in great shape, confident, wealthy, and attractive..Seriously, he's like, the prototypical ideal male. 
Yep...he reminds me of my boyfriend..I'm a lucky girl indeed :)

Mike Rowe is very smart indeed.  If you haven't seen it, I recommend you watch his TED talk: 
Thanks. He's such a great lecturer. Makes you laugh and teaches you about all sort of stuff.

... But Mike Rowe worked smart by being a TV personality. He was on QVC before dirty jobs, and none of those jobs are actually his career.
Is someone working as a plumber in a position to nationally publicize the issue?

I'm sure like most actors he worked many less than glamorous jobs. 

mike rowe on QVC is a very amusing sight to see
Being a TV personality is hard work.  
Yea how does everyone not see the irony that he took the poster advice to a T. Went to college and made a TV show about blue collar jobs instead of working a blue collar job...
Yeh but he ended up working 300 different blue collar jobs within his job 
Ironic, sure. But I don't think the circumstance diminishes the message.
Young Jimmy Kimmel on the left is right!

Guy on the right has a job, lad on left is unemployed

Its a dirty job, but somebody's got to do it.

Yeah, you bet we care a lot.
just like the garbage pail kids, they NEVER lie.
 for anyone who wants the reference. Awesome song
I wish it wasn't canceled, he was funny, he has some quick wit.
It was cancelled? I thought it was just on Hiatus..He just did a Miniseries in Australia.
That was sometime last year, didn't get renewed. Instead we get fantastic programming like mountain men and finding Bigfoot
Les Straud is doing a finding bigfoot series in Alaska soon.  That will be the only finding bigfoot series I will watch.

It's gettin' awfully 'squatchy in here!.Smell that? That's a 'squatch..Tonight we are goin' 'squatchin'.(honestly everything I need to know about that show I saw on youtube)
goddamn samsquanch


Employers are unwilling to hire people who don't meet ridiculously specific standards and they're not willing to train people either, or pay for training. High school and college students are not educated about opportunities for honest and nonexploitative work that they can get involved in with a little bit of training at a trade school or community college. .Find a way to fix either one of these problems and no one will talk about a "lost generation" anymore. 
Unions can be a massive issue too. Because the union rules dictate starting pay, when a new guy gets hired he is trained on the machines and knows how to use them but is making not great money. He can advance his pay quite quickly moving to a non-union place where they need people and can pay new people more because they don't have to follow the union pay scale. 
This, THIS, .People keep talking about the "skills gap". The skills gap is there because there is no avenue for education. Companies want to hire people to fill a position . without investing in a young, hardworking, capable person that will pay off .. .Every time I try to help people apply for jobs (I'm a Ph.D. student, so I'll probably be in school for the rest of my life...), there is always a "two year experience" requirement for the specific role of that job. How do you get two years of experience when you don't yet have any experience and everyone wants two years of experience..It's like every company wants to hire a senior engineer. You can't just hire a senior engineer. It takes years to train an engineer in what your company does. Your . senior engineer needs to be leading a team of younger engineers that will take over when the senior one retires. And the companies should be hiring younger engineers so that when their senior engineer retires, or quits, they aren't stuck with no one.

I don't understand the training part. You are offering a job that uses specialized equipment, or regulations, or skills, and you aren't willing to train newcomers to do it?.Where the fuck do they think the employees come from? Are they mass produced in factories?
The cost of training someone is often so high that they are willing to wait for the perfect person, I would expect. And many blue collar places just aren't good at training people in-house. 
Add in the fact that with the recession many departments were cut to bare bones (including HR) so to cut down on the manual workload many resumes are automatically screened by key words (ex. Automated system looks for someone that knows MS Word, but resume is thrown out because it states "MS Office Suite") 
One of my friends with 6+ years of work experience, 2+ as a manager, got automatically rejected from being a server at . for not having the right qualifications. God forbid you try for a job at a place that actually requires a set of skills. 
Those parsers are crap, too.  They get half the words wrong extracting data from a PDF or MS Word file.
Ug I've seen so many job descriptions lately where the requirements are so ridiculous I doubt there's a person alive who can actually fill them. .I'll be reading through a job description and everything fits me just right, and then they want no less than 4 years experience in some specific program or piece of equipment that I'll never even have access to until somebody hires me.  Never mind that it's 2013 and I could find the manual to almost anything online for free.
Apply anyways. When I write job descriptions for my team I list every useful skill for that job.
Oh don't worry I do.  :)  Honestly if I only applied to jobs I was 100% qualified for I would have applied for no jobs.

My step brother has been roofing since he was 18.  At 23 he's . now starting to make good money at it.  He had to put in 5 years of (actual) hard work before he started to see the returns on it..Most people aren't willing to do that.  And even though college takes 4 years as well, it's debt instead of payment.  (BTW, I'm one of those college idiots).  My step-brother made enough to live off of for those 5 years and right now at 23 is much better off than most of his peers.  Sure there are some from his senior class who went to college and are now banking 100K a year, but not many.
I'm somewhat similar, I do something lots of people think is roofing(Architectural Sheet metal). I started 7 years ago, only made 12-$19 an hour. Went union as an architectural journeyman and now make $36 /hr, with benefits something like $70+.took 7 years to get to this point though. I think it's ok for no college..It's HARD to get in as a new guy now a days, unless you know someone, you probably won't be getting in unless you're already familiar with it. Companies just don't want to train, I see them use new guys for labor and don't train them, then lay them off. Union doesn't do that, which is why i'm glad I switched.


Personally I went to a trade school (and did exceptionally well) after completing a 4 year degree and I couldn't find a job because no one will hire an apprentice welder without professional experience unless you have some sort of a connection. .It's been rough. 
This is true. After getting my History BA I started working as a mechanic right away. The good news is that I make more than minimum wage, but the bad news is that after two years my wage has stagnated and I AM NOT getting paid relative to my new skillset..I tell companies that I'm reliable and good at what I know, and all I'm asking for is $2/hr more than what I started at and cant seem to find it..That's also part of Mike Rowe's "gap" that he isn't understanding, when you factor in the hazards and skill relative to wage's, you're still making way less money than someone with a Business degree. .There might be a lot blue-collar jobs, and that's because sometimes you make more money doing nothing than spending it to qualify for a job that no one respects.
I know the local Plumbers and Steamfitters union around here will take applicants and put you through the apprenticeship program, I have a friend who needs a few more hours and he will be a journeyman..The only shitty part is if you take a nonunion job because the union can't find you work, you can be in a heap load of shit.


Go get a job as a general laborer with a construction company who does large jobs and do some networking. There will be welders on the jobsite who can point you in the right direction. Welders may even have a union in your area that can get you into an apprenticeship program.
No car because I can't afford one. I've looked down that route but have been shut down due to lack of owning my own reliable transportation. 

That's such bullshit (on the part of those companies). The whole point of an apprentice is that they don't have an experience. The auto shop I am apprenticing at doesn't hire people for apprenticeships if they've got a tech certification, because that defeats the whole point of the apprenticeship, which is learning the trade.
Yeah, but there are so many skilled people out of work that it would be ridiculous . to do that. I mean, if you owned a business and you could choose to hire the more experienced guy or the less experienced guy for the same price what would you do? 

Reminds me of .. Just keep going to school and eventually you'll get rich, somehow.
Old buddy of mine had that on his wall growing up, now he is a bit of a self absorbed ass. Guess he had his priorities then. 

This poster looks like it's from the late 70s/80s. This was a time when a lot of people just left school and went straight to work, it was the norm. I think this was just trying to push more people to study further education. This was prior to the whole "if you don't' go to college, you're a dumb ass" mentality.

Due to the lack of skilled trades, college grad built his 5 car garage himself. It ended up 5 feet too thin.

Something like 31% of Americans have college degrees. That's a lot of seaside mansions and Ferraris to distribute!
this is the poster my high school guidance counselor had. i remember sitting in her office and thinking of fuckin weird a five-car garage looks...and how going to college is like a guarantee at hittin the jackpot.
Its funny you say jackpot, I remember thinking "There's no way everyone can all get those cars, who's going to fix them?"
Ha, I wonder how many cars your counselor had...
If I had the money for all those cars, and the house in the picture, I'd spend it on a garage of a proper depth...

They had this at my college's poster fair a couple years back.  I love cool cars, but I though the message of this picture was stupid.  Also for a link: brackets first, parenthesis second.


Dr. Katz is your guidance counselor?
Originally he couldn't find work right out of college so he had to become a pimp, only later did he move on to guidance>therapy.
I'm trying to get over the fact that the website this picture is on is called jeffsass.com..

Jeff is a sassy guy.

Around here, if you are not going to university, the counselors and teachers just don't want anything to do with you. Which is such bull: If you are going to uni, there are a lot of people who will guide you etc, people are pretty well informed on what they are getting in to on that. So they don't need all that extra..For non-academia, there are soooo many great oppertunities! But people don't know about them, and don't want to know of them, because it's become so "oh, you are not smart enough for uni? Well, you can be a carpenter if you are a boy, and take care of the elderly if you are a girl" and it's just, uggghhh! If you are not going to uni, ok, that's a door closed, but it doesn't mean that there's only one left! This way, we end up with a lot of unsatisfied people in the non-academia field, because they only took carpentry because "they were too dumb for the other options", which just enforces the idea that it's horrible to do non-academia. No! These people would be great if presented with options, if it wasn't treated as the last resort, if they were allowed to be passionate about what they chose to do.

Teachers are usually teaching from their own experience (4 years college + 2 year grad)

Why wouldn't they teach from their experience?
A good teacher in my district can make $55,000 but....if you're a "bad" teacher...there's no limit to how much you can make.
Which is fucking ridiculous, and yet there are tons of teachers who spend all that money only to make a horrible salary in their field.  

No one--I repeat, no one gets an education degree expecting to make the big bucks teaching in a public school. Everyone knows what the pay is like. The reason they get the degree is because they love teaching and they love kids. 

For real. In my area, if you get a job working at the local train station, you're making $20 an hour at least, and a lot of those workers are just guys who are cool with getting their hands dirty. They make such a better living than those crazy English majors like me.

What area is that?
Waycross, Georgia. CSX Railroads have a huge market in the town. See those tracks in the bottom left corner? It's a railroad whorehouse.

Thanks.
Sorry.
I'm the guy on the left that does what the guy on the right does. Welcome to 2013

I know that feel. BS Biology/Electrician. 

BS in finance, union Ironworker. I couldn't be happier.

You have a job in manufacturing? Lucky...
You got a job? 

this photo makes me want to kill myself
FUCK THIS. 
I love my job. 



I have this hanging up in my office... my boss approves in the wrong way.
Monday monkey lives for the weekend, sir.
Wow. . is the poster my guidance counselor showed me...
I don't know why I found that picture so funny, but I just about died laughing. Thanks for posting lol.
I can hear his great voice getting squeaker as he gets smaller. 




Look, it's a .!

With a microbrew, seemingly. 
Wow woosh everyone, if you continue the Mike Rowe jokes, he is holding a microphone and a microbrew..Edit: and if I wooshed your jokes about Stella not being a microbrew, then your joke is bad and you should feel bad.


...that's stella artois
My dad wanted to name me Stella after Stella Artois. And my mom wanted to name me Moet after Moet Chandon. .Very glad neither of them actually followed through on that. 


Shoulda been a microbrew. 

 on Bill Maher this past Friday discussing the disconnect between education and blue collar jobs.

I just watched this episode last night and having never heard of/seen Mike Rowe before I was very impressed by his ideas concerning education and employment. Also, there is something very sexy about him.

came here looking for this. He spoke in front of congress or something about the major shortage of blue collar jobs. If i can find the link ill post it. people around me like to think a decent paying blue collar job is trashy and its pretty upsetting tbh. 

Idk, I'm from a really blue collar town and I find that a lot of the people I know really take pride in the fact that they work with their hands and will joke around about me working in an office.  It'd be interesting to see something measuring people's general feelings towards blue collar or white collar work in an area depending on that area's income level.
Furnace operators at steel mills can make $250,000+ (depending on yields/incentives), so you're absolutely correct.
A good secretary at my steel mill can make $45,000 but....if you're a "bad" secretary...there's no limit to how much you can make.
Really?


It's because from kindergarten to high school it is engrained that if someone doesn't go to post secondary school, they are a failure. This is why people look down on blue collar jobs. 
Well, to be honest, a lot of them that pay very well are also quite dangerous. 

...And then, of course, there's Mike Rowe's ., where he talks about castrating a sheep with his teeth.
As a high voltage electrician I can say this comment is very inaccurate.  You are trained to do everything safely.   People get hurt when they ignore or skip a safety procedure. 

No doubt, but someone who works at a desk in an office can be a lot more lax on the job and still not get hurt. Hell, I'm an EMT and an incompetent former partner of mine would sometimes leave used needles out! I followed all the proper procedures but was still put at risk because of a careless coworker. That kinda thing doesn't happen to my accountant friend.

I think he spoke in front of a committee about an ABUNDANCE of blue collar jobs, but a lack of skilled individuals to fill them. And/or a lack of awareness that they're in demand. And/or a general public apathy toward blue collar jobs..Something on the order of 3Million unfilled skilled positions nationwide.
Thats a lot of jobs.

The most random reference that I always think about is from Fraiser..Niles Crane (Fraiser's brother) has a plumber come over to fix his toilet and it turns out to be one of his high school classmate.  Niles is shocked to find out that the plumber is better paid that him, has a nicer care, and a larger house (not to mention a wife and kids)..While it was probably an exaggeration it's not absurd to think that a good plumber can make more than a Psychiatrist like Niles. 

Yeah, except the problem with that t.v. show is both he and Fraiser lived the lifestyle of a multi-millionaire. Listen to the references to food, alcohol, the cost of their condos and cars--it's absurd.

"You have the big Mercedes?".Niles 
Two real life examples of this
A guy I went to school with didn't go to university; instead he took a job as an accounts clerk - he now has his own successful accountancy firm as well as having invested in several other business..Another friend dropped out of school to become an electrician. He earns twice what I do as a degree holder, and double again if he takes a 6 month stint contracting for the armed forces in Afghanistan.
It's important to remember that it isn't just a degree versus no-degree comparison.  Some people would be successful and have a half dozen sources of income whether they went to school or not.  Personality and all the aspects of the person himself factor in greatly.
Too right, I always recommend that people think about whether university is the correct path. If it's not, they might as well be getting several years of real world experience and on the job training.
I have a friend who didn't go to college. Instead, right out of high school, he went straight up to Alaska to weld ships together. He started out with a high school degree, getting paid $50/hour on a provincial welding certificate, and in 6 months when up to $75/hour. Less than ten years later he's traveling the world and can now land any fabrication job he wants.

My friend went straight into the local manufacturing industry. He's currently working at a factory while taking a training course put on by the company at the local college. When he finishes that, his pay will be doubled. At 19 years old he's gonna be making $30/hour. Not a bad deal if you ask me.
Ship welding is incredibly dangerous.  I may be incorrect but underwater welding is considered one of the most deadly jobs on the planet.  
This is being ignored here. People steer their kids away from these jobs in part, because no one really wants to die or get seriously injured at work when the same amount of money could concievably be made by exploiting some college connections and knowing some Excel.
Ship welding is an on land job. You don't put ships together underwater..Underwater welding is extremely dangerous though. I know many commercial divers and they are all messed up with tons of health problems. It is a job that pays an insane amount but you can only do it for 10 years before your body just can't take anymore.
I wonder if the office job mortality rates account for the sedentary lifestyle they encourage. "He got smooshed by a 300-ton boat section" is a lot easier to quantify than "he sat in an office for 10+ hours a day and so he had a heart attack at 35".

I actually don't think that's really feasible in today's day and age. Doctors of any field just make absurd amounts of money (not that they shouldn't). If the Plumber went into private contract work, then I could see it happening, but Niles was also into private practice. He'd probably still end up on top..Regardless, the moral of that episode was to not treat other professions are weaker. It's a problem that the American school system reinforces. I remember my time in high school and how a "better life" was studying to become a doctor or chemist. No one ever mentioned how cleaning up trash was a useful and required part of society..To that degree, a teacher I had in college actually told me I'd end up being a janitor as if it were some horrible existence for the less fortunate and worthless. I still hate that man to this day.

When I was in primary school I was told i woudld be cleaning toilets because I couldn't sit still for five minutes during class. Now, as a full-time firefighter, I get to save lives with my non-expendable energy! Take that, teacher!

I know a Master plumber (he has been in the business for over 25 years) Never went to college. Always has a roll of hundreds on him. He owns 3 homes. PAID OFF. Takes 3 months vacation a year. Put his 2 kids through college. CASH! Owns 4 cars himself. cash. Paid for his daughter's wedding. (cash again) He told me he can make anywhere between $50-125 an hour. I was floored. Yeah it is a "dirty job", but for that kind of money I would do just about anything.
I'm sure not everyone in that field can say the same.
That must be a badass feeling to pay for a house in cash, its like being a meth cook but without the whole meth thing
I don't believe you're allowed to work as JM/master (doing really important parts of most jobs) without going through an apprenticeship program, plus 2 months of college per year for at least a few years, in Canada anyways.

He probably loves his job too, and not for the pay check either.
 
HOW YOU DOIN'

Doctors don't make as much as most people think they do, especially when you factor in all of the loans, hours worked, and opportunity costs sacrificed. 
Well, you're right about the loans. Those are a fucking killer. Higher education for doctors (I'm talking Masters and beyond) are just insanely overpriced.

Don't forget malpractice insurance. Shit is expensive, and the potential cost of not having it is too great. 
My dad's a doctor.  He quit delivering babies because people would try to sue him if the baby came out less than perfect.  Yes, that includes congenital defects, fetal alcohol syndrome, and premature births.  People are ruthless savages when they think they can make an easy buck.
My oldest son's FIL is an ER doc that has been doing it close on thirty years, he just recently cut back to a couple days a week just to keep busy, but is essentially retired..We get together and get drunk now and then, guy is a hoot..Years of long hours, crappy shifts, and for what I thought wasn't near enough money for the hours he put in.

grandpa was a doc.   My grandmother said if I ever considered medical school she'd kill me. No grandson of hers would give up so many hours just to be a slave to insurance companies. 

Exactly. When I tell people I'm studying to be an airline pilot they always comment about how rich I'm going to be. I'll be lucky if my first airline job pays more than $15 an hour, which only includes the time from when the plane is pushed back from the gate until when the plane is parked again. And I can only work 80 hours a month by law. I'll have about 150k in debt from the flight training required to get to that point. 

Not to worry. Im sure it will be at least 10 years before they replace pilots entirely with autopilots. 
They'll still have a pilot there just in case, but s/he'll get paid even less than they do now.  It's almost all auto-pilot nowadays anyway.

You definitely have to factor quality of life into the equation.
A doctor friend of mine works long hours for her money but has student loans, insurance etc. to pay for. In terms of hourly rates, she's not massively better off than I am.
 On the other hand, a friend who has his own printing business earns a comfortable salary and gets to spend most of the day with his wife and kids.
My dad's a doc.  Throughout my childhood I'd see him maybe 15 minutes a day.
I'm sorry about that, man. My friend's sister told her not to tell her how to raise her kid because she didn't have any and my friend shot back "Who the fuck think raised . while mom and dad were at work?" .Her father is a neurological surgeon and they'd maybe see him if they got up early enough in the morning on the days he was home. Their mom was a nurse so they saw her a little more often.  She was basically working to put her kids through college because her husband's salary went to their regular expenses. 


I come from a blue collar family, and I'm studying in college for screen writing. Most people who thing blue collar jobs are for trash, are some of the most ignorant that I have come across. My dad is one of the most intelligent people I know. He can fix a car, set up an air condition system for an entire building, and maintenance it, he can grow and cultivate his own garden, raise his own animals.  He works hard, and the reason why he does so is because he doesn't want me or my brother working so damn hard when we're nearing 50. Mind you we work hard in different ways in our own fields, but it really does take all types to make this world go round. Nobody's hard work should be looked down upon, no matter what kind of work it is. 
^ So much this.  Can't stress this enough when I talk to people about this kind of stuff.  My father taught me at a young age to never judge a person by what kind of job they have.  He always said as long as it is honest work you should never look down upon the person or what they do for work, judge them by the personality when you get to know the person.
And boom goes the dynamite 

This is the whole reason for Dirty Jobs. He wanted to show the world that for every cushy office job there is someone working their butts off in the trenches to make your life and my life better. Someone has to do the dirty work. And bless Mike Rowe for showing everyone the underbelly.
A good plumber in a small town can make 200K a year.

This is the kind of BS wording that guidance counselors and college pamphlets use.  Show me stats on the whole, not an individual case portrayed as if it's the norm.  It's . as bad as those work from home programs touting how you can make up to $3,000 in a week!

Reddit only deals in extremes.

Based off owning his own business. The Majority of people in trades work for larger companies, and are paid a fix rate based on the apprentice board. At least that is how it works in Alberta.
That's true here too, I just meant the small town thing as in little competition for plumbers / he owns the business.
That's weird that you mention Alberta. My dad is an electrician for ATCO Electric, in Alberta, and makes $60 an hour.
But dem housing prices.


AIT does not regulate pay. 
Complete opposite in Australia.  Most tradies are self-employed.

Fun fact- The plumber is played by John C. McGinley: Dr. Cox from Scrubs.
nice catch!  

Funnerer fact: I used to work with one of his nephews. Says the dude's just like Dr. Cox, only not in a dickish way. 
"Garbage man! What a great job. Call it preventative medecine."
Hey! How about that! He must have paid for medical school with all the $$$ he made as a plumber.
and here's the vid 
Thank you.
Propaganda like that is what started the whole "if you don't go to college you're a loser" stigma in America. Nevermind the fact that we need plumbers, welders, HVAC, carpenters, mechanics, etc. 
I like what . had to say about your second sentence. 
Today a woman on the Tri-Met inquired about my occupation. Then babbles about welders being incompetent, low life tradesmen/women, ect. In my trade it's more than running a bead, it's math and science. Fellow welders I know have pursued CWI, Non-destructive testing/inspection, electrical engineering and mechanical engineering. Edit: Thank you this made my day.

We spread the idea with the expectation that the percent of people who won't listen are the exact amount of people we need for these jobs.

The book World War Z was a great example of that. When shit hits the fan we're gonna need them.

Trade school graduate here. I hit the best of both worlds in my field..Over 10 yrs experience with electronics (hardware down to component level, software, programming), eletrical, mechanical, pnuematics, hydraulics, and plumbing. My resume goes on for days.
As someone else with a fairly broad experience base in similar areas, how does that tend to work out for you in job hunts? Are there certain positions, or even certain industries in general, that value breadth of capability over specific specialization?


Not OP but have similar experience. If I am shooting a cold resume I'd narrow it down. I have several versions of my CV, each tailored for a specialization. However, warm introductions and people that already know me always seem to want the whole package. This allows them to put me in project management and similar supervisory positions.
To the point that those are more lucrative careers than what one can typically get with a 4-year degree.
[deleted]


My Guidance Counselor wouldn't let me take welding as a vocational class because I was on the "college track". Because when would an engineer ever need to weld, fuck me right?.Now I'm looking at paying to go to a community college to learn. I'd love to just be able to fix stuff on my car or design and make my own... 'stuff'..Instead I had to take 'college prep' classes which I finished up my Junior year and then had study halls my senior year.
Engineers that arn't afraid to get their hands dirty are a rarity in the marketplace. We need more of them. They are also less likely to forget about the mechinics who have to fix their over-engineered products, thus not driving up repair costs.
I heard a line once to the effect of "A good engineer spends half his time in his office, and the other half on the production floor.".Not sure it needs to be 50/50 but dammit, get your hands dirty.

I was never prohibited from taking shop classes, I simply didn't have the time, between taking Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Music, Computer Programming, Math, and English. That was my Grade 11 and Grade 12 schedules right there, essentially. The only one that wasn't actively "required" for a person going into university for computer engineering was the music (which was something I loved doing). Biology wasn't technically a requirement either, but I enjoyed it enough and it was supposed to look good on my transcript. Then I get into my engineering program and I fuck up repeatedly, develop a hatred for the coursework, realize I liked the hands-on tinkering much more than the math, and now I'm dropping out and have fuck all ideas on what to do with my life, since I'm 22 with half a degree, zero experience that gets me a decent job, and my only skill is that I still play the piano pretty well. I don't blame the system as much as I blame me for being arrogant and not figuring out what I actually liked doing before spending thousands of dollars of my parents' money for essentially nothing at this point.
You should send her a nasty note to "thank" her for her decision.
Please learn to weld. As a welder talking to an engineer it will help you in your job to know what we have to do to weld things together. At my job I look at some blueprints and just go WHY? and HOW? 

Since when could counselors say "You can't take this course"?

I had a counselor change my track from science to arts because I did poorly in math. Straight A's in honors science courses, including the course I took over the summer to advance quicker, but he told me I shouldn't pursue my intended career (at the time I wanted to be either a forensic pathologist or a veterinarian) because "it was clear that I would not be successful," due to a grade I got in Algebra when I was 12 years old.  I often think about how my life would've been very different if not for that man. 
Where the fuck are you people going to school, the Soviet Union?


Since a lot. In my school we took aptitude tests that determined your track. I was going to work in transportation and that was that...truck driver. All fine and good but I never have wanted to be a truck driver. I was not allowed to sign up for more challenging classes and was constantly asked about whether or not I would like information in transportation schools as graduation approached. .I have spent 10 years now working in electronics and IT and none of it was because of anything I learned or did in high school. My school was definitely on the kick where each person would be assigned a job for life and man were they trying to make it work. I blame the communists. 
When and where did you go to high school? I am in high school now and I've never heard of anything like that in my area


Yeah, another reason why these aptitude tests are ridiculous is because, well, someone might have an aptitude for something that they've never been given the opportunity to try before. School is supposed to be about learning and trying out new things, not sticking to the limited experiences that you've already had in your short life.

Since they're the ones that let you sign up for classes.

It's stuff like this that makes me feel really bad for wanting to go to college. I want to learn. I want to expand my horizons. I want to help people. I'm sorry..Edit: I'm intending on studying Psychology and Human Sexuality.  
You can learn in blue collar jobs too, you know. My girlfriend's dad worked an entry level job at a PCB manufacturer, and now he's doing engineering and CAD because he learned and made friends with the bosses. I started an industrial job at the beginning of this month, and I'm on track to start learning the more technical and computer-based higher level jobs in about a week.
The backlash against college is because a lot of us grew up where it seems everyone was told you have to go to college to get a good job, and a degree was the key to a long happy life etc. So a lot of people that go to college are just doing it because they think they have to, and jobs that don't involve college degrees are somehow lower. If you are going to college because you WANT the education and have a strong desire for whatever career you chose, then you are doing exactly the right thing and that's great. Talk to like half the people studying more broad topics like 'business' though and you'll find a lot of people who could care less about the education and just want a nice cushy job they think the degree will entitle them to. 

You're going to college for the right reasons then. 

Don't feel bad. Reddit is ridiculously anti-college for some reason. Mainly because so many people go and fail since they don't work hard or go for something they don't like. Then they take it out on here and say that society "forced" them to go..Seriously, you can go to college and work hard and it will pay off. It just so happens that you can go to trade school and do reasonably well too. It might be even a little more secure in some cases, but you're gonna work your ass off for a long long time. There are positives and negatives to both. Don't listen to reddit when it comes to issues like this. Do what you want to do.

I think it's just the case that in the US there is a huge shortage of trades workers. Thus, a high demand (and a high salary). Unfortunately, the recession hit as many students were graduating (including myself), and are left with a degree and nothing but a shitty retail job. Jobs from STEM and the liberal arts alike were effected. Unless you graduated with the specific type of degree and research, you were fucked after 2008/9. .However, a college degree does put you ahead of a lot of other people who didn't graduate. And, it's much easier to pursue even higher degrees, that will get you hired. .College does open doors, but it's not the meal ticket it was.

Unfortunately, many of the jobs lost went over seas and are NOT coming back.  I think its the #1 problem we face and I never hear people talking about it
Wanting to go to college is not the same as looking down on blue collar jobs. In fact, 'wanting' to go to college is the reason you SHOULD go to college, not because you're 'supposed' to. 
Well going to college with out a finance plan is not a smart move, I know we like to support living the dream, but college is expensive, and if it's not giving you any tools to pay your rent you should wait with it..I'm not saying this is the case, becuase Psychology is not a pushover subject, and it has a job market where I come from, I'm just saying people need to be smart about thier hobbies.

And now the same generation tells us we are suckers for getting a four year degree or says we are to lazy to work these jobs. 
Here's the kicker, many of us can't work them even if we wanted to.  Entry level desk jockey for $20/hour is the equivalent to an entry level welder at $13/hour when you factor in student loans and four years of lost wages.  But the desk jockey can't say "screw it" and go become a welder.  He needs that extra money even though he doesn't benefit from it.

It's nobodies fault. The system is what is at fault, the idea of forcing someone to choose what to do immediately after high school and with no life experience is retarded. I had the fortune of growing up in a very rural farming community and had lots of trade experience when finishing high school. I like working with my hands and hate the idea of rotting away in an office. I've been a marine mechanic in the navy now for almost 3 years and I love it. Some people aren't so lucky, and work at McDonald's during high school, and only have a dream of what they want to be, not actually knowing what it would be like. 

I don't hear any of them saying we are suckers; quite the opposite, I continue to hear them champion for kids to go to school, despite the fact that it costs 10 times as much to go now, it's harder to get a job (since a degree is no longer a differentiator), and if you do get a job, it likely pays (comparatively) less than what they made..I do hear the lazy part though. "Just get a job and stop complaining!" -Guy who graduated with no debt and already had a starting job lined up paying the equivalent of $85k a year..EDIT: I found this video to be a very interesting take on the subject - 

I also should add that in that generation, women worked because they wanted to (middle-class families, anyway), not because they had to. The woman working allowed a middle-class family that could live off just the father to now afford things like summer trips, a cabin up north, etc. Now, the woman working is essentially a mandatory component of middle-class income. Lots of sneaky ways inflation is hidden...
This is true. And it's really hard for everyone involved. I also...with no data to back this up, I think that children need to be looked after by someone who is really engaged and interested in them. Being held, looked at, snuggled, being spoken to, sang to and read to are all so important to children's development. If I ever have kids, I'll probably be the one to stay home with them during the first few years because you can't get that time of development back, ever..Scroll down a bit here: 
Couldn't agree with this more

I can give you a personal experience with regards to that to kind of counteract, but it in no way applies to everyone..My mother was my main caretaker when I was little. Dad was actually around more when I was small, but mom engaged with us more even though she worked longer hours and sometimes weekends. .Basically anytime she wasn't working was spent with us, and I felt like I got plenty of time with her and love her much more dearly than my father (but that's mostly for other reasons that happened later in life)..She even used bath time to teach me basic math, so I had basic multiplication down by the time others in my class were trying to add double digits. .TL;DR- It can be done, but it requires a lot of personal time sacrifice on the parents. .It should also be noted that I was a very independent child (according to my parents) who minded the basic rules and liked playing by myself.
Anyone no willing to sacrifice this should not be parents..I had a similar experience to you as well, although less motherly love too, she just couldn't handle it though, she tried at least.


"You'll go nowhere in life without a degree!"."Oh you actually got a degree? Hahaha sucker."

I believe the idea is that people with degrees should still get "dirty" jobs, but their degrees force employers to pay higher wages, making the job demand respect for its workers
"Sorry, but you're overqualified!"
"We are too cheap to pay you what you are worth". 
Jokes on them, I can eat this piece of paper or start a fire to warm myself for the night.

"Now shut up and pay my social security, you lazy kids"

And hurry cause as soon as I'm done collecting I want social security to go away. 

On the flip side, the older generation generate lots of work for many professions because often they struggle to use modern technology. Take ., old people.
Someday we'll be old people. At 34, I can already foresee a future when I won't be able to use the latest technologies. .We'll be stuck with our tablets, laptops and wi-fi connections in our old's people homes while the younger generations immerse themselves within the matrix using the latest neural connector technologies.


"Did you try turning it off and on again? ... Okay, try that."
If this is an IT Crowd reference (or if not), have an upvote.

"I will dear, but tell me....where's the "OFF" switch?"

The guy on the right goes home after work.  The guy on the left takes his work home with him..I should have done what I wanted and become a welder.  
I really recommend ..

wow that was assumptuous.
When you love what you do you WANT to take it home. 
That's why i left a career in HR management to become a barber. I enjoy life now much more than before.

You don't think you have to weld at home? ha!
It's actually very true. I have worked building my career and have a lot more responsibilites and pay, but now work is always in the back of my mind because of said responsibilites. I often miss the detachment I had with my old jobs when I left for the day, it was a lot less stressful. 

A friend of mine used to be a welder. He quit because of the physical toll it was taking on him. He had an x-ray done and the doctor thought he was a smoker, even though he never smoked in his life. 
Good one.
Dude.......I was thinking the same thing!
Looks more like a cosplay of a fucked up tadpole.
Ugh.  You're putting your filthy feet on a seat someone else is going to use.
I'm sorry :(
Don't be sorry. It's a seat, not a dining table. Germophobes get on my nerves.
Do you know how much fecal matter they find in fabric of the seats on BART?
BART? What is that? There's NO escaping germs. You just can't. 
I actually did that a few years ago. Clearly doesn't for the context of the movie. Any idea where it's from?
Zip code 98122 covers the Seattle area.
just did now! thanks
Been there (not in Manhattan though). I feel your pain.
Did your clutch die? I'm not sure what's going on in the pic.
An American with 3 pedals? Good for you.
he looks like a whore
Seen @ MOCA

The girl on the right doesn't have bows on her shoes. It's killing me.
That's so cool! Hey OP, can you take more pics?
These girls are going places in their lives. That's just remarkably impressive!
awesome!
Where does Barbie keep her vibrator? 
Commenting to save it for later 
That Snickers bar 0.o
i used to do things like this when I was younger.  I was really into my play kitchen however my mom would not buy me the play food so I would make my own, mostly out of paper and things I could easily shape to look like vegetables.
I bet Robert Pattinson does fall asleep reading twilight every night to sooth his ego, lol..This is wonderful!
Your sisters?  Sure, OP.
Is this a house for ants?
Your sisters should start mastering their skills in miniature creations.  Doll miniatures are worth a lot of money and have a good market!
I had to do something like this for my gifted education class in 8th grade. I got the best score :) as fun as it looks, it was really hard to do especially with a deadline and your grade on the line. Your sisters did way better than me though!
pretty pretty cool. If they don't go into design / fabrication in the future they are couple of cotton-headed ninny-mugginses. inspiring and crafty devotion 
you should introduce them to minecraft. it's a really great creative outlet for kids (and adults), my little brother goes nuts with it.
Wow, they'll make some cash as fashion / product designers if they keep doing this.
Reminds me of "The Days of Perky Pat".
I remember when I was a kid I had a Kitchen Littles set..
Creative little girls though, my lazy ass would never have done that.
Bet they'd love the Sims. 

Another really cool thing they could do these days is design their own barbie furniture and accessories using tinkercad or similar web software and have a 3d printer company print the items for them using cheap plastic. It's not SUPER costly, and would let them create some really awesome stuff and get involved with engineering and tech more than they already are. .Also, in general, tell them they are awesome! My sister and I had quite the Barbie universe but it paled in comparison with theirs!
Plot twist: OP has no sisters but is too embarrassed to claim his addiction. Don't be shy OP we still think you're ok!
They have potential to go far with that dedication, and maybe ocd slightly. 
So impressive and clever!  Maybe for a gift you could take a bunch more pics and make them each a hard bound book of their beautiful work.  A keepsake of their awesome skills.  
wait til you show them japanese mini toys
The thing on the back of the jeep is a continental kit.

Awesome stuff. If it's fake I'm gonna be very disappointed because it makes me happy to think about all the fun they had making it. 
this is amazing! These girls probably have so much more fun than kids who's parents just buy them a dream house.
This is like The Sims to the extreme.
Your sisters would have been my best friends!.Next time my kids complain that they're bored,  I'm showing them this album. .As a crafter,  I suggest getting some mod podge for paper crafts, instead of hot glue. Look up "Decoupage".
Wow your sisters are going places, I hope they never lose their creativity and attention to detail. 
You should buy them some stuff from Rement House, get them involved in the 1:6 scale hobby scene. I can assure you their skills will be greatly needed for kitbashing. 
Get these girls some LEGO bricks or the . engineering toy!!!.I love this.  I used to make my own houses and things too-- so much fun and very rewarding!
These are some future hollywood set designers or something!.Seriously this stuff is amazing...unless ur sisters are 20+ years old
How old are your sisters? This is pretty impressive! Tell them that some guy on the internet thought it was cool.
Kill Bella?!?!?! SPOILER ALERT!
It amuses me that the Twilight book very clearly says 'Kill Bella'. Nice page choice girls. 
This is amazing, and creative. Tell your sisters that I am like bowing down to their awsomeness.
I know which . they've been watching.  :).
I love all this stuff, so creative.  I like how they've made their lampshades using cupcake cases..
Those are some pampered dolls.  
That is very impressive.  They must spend a lot of time creating this stuff. I hope they never lose their creativity.
No no no its all wrong. 
Simply amazing! .I can't believe there is even a pop tart in the toaster! Wild Berry if I'm not mistaken. 
Those are really lucky toys to be so well played with. Your sisters are like the Borrowers of the toy world, I'm really glad to know this is all going down somewhere.
"hair products"
Hopefully Ken doesn't come home, find Edward in the bed and smash the place up!
I don't know if someone mentioned this before, but the pictures made me think of . .Your sisters are amazing. I NEVER had the touch for that kind of stuff.
Do they know there's a Sims for that?
White girls. 
I used to have a Barbie town like this! I used some of the same stuff!! how awesome that little girls are still doing this! Impressive little girls!
Suuuurrreee. Little sisters huh? 
Thats talent, encourage the crap outta it. 
How old are your sisters?  If they're the normal Barbie-playing age then they are freaking geniuses. 
Um, your sister works for the NSA.
My brothers and I used to make tiny junk mail for my little sister's Barbies; it was mostly death threats from crazy stalkers and drawings of penis
I was half expecting (hoping maybe) to see a barbie sized vibrator. 
My little sister used to make things like this too! It's wonderful how creative kids can get, eh?
I'm a 30 year old man and I think this is the coolest thing I've seen on the internet in months. What is wrong with me? (right with them?)
Yeah right, you made all that stuff yourself.
Heh. Baby equipment..I have a baby. It's well-equipped.
I just realized I was staring at little kids arts and crafts for ten minutes. Holy shit dude. All that is awesome.
Very nice. Though, I hope you informed her that there are adults that too; they're called losers.
Better than sims 3
Reminds me of the doll's house Matt makes in the movie '13 going on 30'. Your sisters are awesome!:)
Thats talent, encourage the crap outta it. 
Holy buckets, imagine what type of crap they could pull of when they're older... mind-boggling
This is a thousand times better than just buying them the equipment..If they don't have it yet, you can get them good tools, like one of those lamps with a magnifying glass in it, some very fine tweezers, exacto knifes etc.
title should read "I make extremely detailed items for my Barbies"
Someone probably have mentioned this, but I could've sworn that one of her picture is even comparable to Mariel Calyton who uses dolls for her artistic work..NSFW

that salsa looks like shit.
You have very talented sisters. I love how they pay attention to detail. 
I think I saw this episode of CSI
These are the kinds of kids that give me hope for the next generation. Kids who can think and create and have fun, even when they're not plugged in. .They've shown such talent and initiative in this one childhood hobby. I'm sure they'll do great things in life. You're lucky to have such cool little sisters, OP!
I now know who makes my bad dreams.
kudos for not buying all that in plastic
they're very creative
My god, all I ever did was make toilet paper dresses on my barbies. I feel shamed.
Wow, In my first year of design college, we were given a project similar to this. Your sisters would have easily gotten an 'A' - their stuff far surpasses anything a bunch of 20 something "creatives" managed. 
Someone needs a good dicking.
How old are your sisters?
I'm 23 and I want to do this with my GI Joes tomorrow.  One's foot snapped off, so I'll need to make a hospital.  
The sisters are both dead, by the way.
I built very similar stuff to this when I was their age. I also sewed new clothes for them by hand! My mom had some leftover fabric that was just enough for tiny garments. I once made a fitted shirt, with a folded collar, darts, and cuffs. My hand stitches were so tiny.
Your sisters are very creative and talented! I don't think I could do something like that to the extent that they have
She should be Wes Anderson's new prop girl.
Wow so talented and amazing! I would never be able to think of house hold items to make mini lamps and furniture for mini barbie! 
That's very cool..When they're older they'll be able to make miniature furniture if they get stuck in desk jobs because the department won't fund large wiretap investigations against drug dealers.
Yeaaaaaaaaaaaah, your sisters
all i can say as a twenty-five year old male is, "Oo0o0o0o0o0o can i play too!?!?!?!?!?"
...ill just set this down and ...slowly back away

That is awesome! My little sister and I used to make stuff like that from shoe boxes, but no where near as cool looking. It was usually like... shoebox colored with markers + some paper towels + lego/tinker toy creations. Tinker toys + handkerchiefs make a cool tent :) Your sisters did a great job! Very creative! I love the lamp shades and garbage bins!.Chip in to buy them a nice ass doll house or something for christmas! Or at least a barbie "set". I never wanted more dolls, I just wanted fake kitchens, fake food, camping kits, fake pool stuff, etc.
I bet you dont even have little sisters and this is just your twisted , creepy pass-time lol
Barbie eats?
But really though, that's cool.
That is just amazing! I wish I was that creative and talented when I was younger. Awesome job, little sisters! 
Needs a safe.
Woah this is really creative and extremely detailed for little kids! How old were your sisters when they made this? 
I love the hair straightener. They are awesome!
OP has no sisters, that is all his.
"Sisters"
Your little sisters are going to do just fine life.  The talent, follow through, attention to detail and creativity is amazing! Makes me realize I did childhood all wrong
I'm a grown-ass man, and I think this is one of the most amazing and creative things I've ever seen.
Ya know what I think? I think that "neat" thing is a miniature sewing machine..
I hope you encourage them to keep on crafting this stuff! I made things like this as a kid, and the culmination of all that work is my expertise at ameature nail art. They should become watch-makers. Or scientists, or maybe bead-makers or pencil lead - carvers. Let them booth know how cool I think they are. I wish my little sister did things like this

This is the most adorable thing I've ever seen. I played with Barbies until I was 16. 
Don't ever show them SIMS, they will never see daylight again.
So nice to see kids being innovative as opposed to just screaming at mom and dad to buy them something. I'm impressed.
Barbie livin the high life. 
That's pretty advanced for a "little sister." How old is she?
They might like the . if they ever get to Chicago.
The little books are so sweet.
That is awesome. I hope they never lose that amazing creativity.
I am saving these ideas to show to my grand daughter . thanks 
Do you guys live near Colorado? If so there is something they have got to see. 
very creative, lets hope they turn out to be musicians or artists. :-)
Ask your sisters if they're fans of My Froggy Stuff on youtube. She does tutorials on how to make this sort of thing. Almost ALL the stuff in your pictures looks like it came from a My Froggy Stuff tutorial. She's pretty awesome. 
seriously, the coolest, most creative, fun, exciting little universe. takes me back! wish i'd taken it as far as your sisters, who are BOSS.
Why is it that your sister does it, it's all "that's so amazing and cute." But when . do it people are like, "that's so creepy and weird?".Is it because I'm a single asian male in my twenties that lives alone? Is it?! Well, that's discrimination and I won't have it!
These kids are amazing!  The detail is fabulous and the ideas are stunning.  Keep encouraging them-they'll be even more amazing.
My younger sister does the same exact thing, those little lamps are reminding me of the little lamps that are lying around in my house. I thought it was kind of obsessive but it's good to know someone else's sister puts the time and effort into this kind of thing :P
Wow, very impressive!
Your little sisters are amazing. Their attention to detail is nothing short of mind blowing.  Encourage them to continue, they probably have a future in movies. .Thanks for posting these. You made my day.
I think, for Christmas, you need to buy your sisters a 3D printer.
My cousin made a cardboard box batcave with trap doors and slides and all sorts of stuff for all his super heroes and action figures.
Holy shit, it just dawned on me that you have no "little sisters". You made this shit yourself you freak...
Incoming interior decorator careers... 
They're gonna be OCD and shopaholics. Stop the madness.
future architects, perhaps
Fantastic!  These girls are so talented!
This is fantastic!
I see polymer clay miniatures in their future! That is awesome. I made stuff for my ham hams but never that detailed. 
Maybe they should talk to .. Who knows, they could end up being some classy detectives. 
I spent 20 minutes staring at pictures of Barbie houses while sitting on the throne.  My legs are numb and I ain't even mad..Thanks for sharing!
I have an inkling that it's actually you who made all this. Is there something you're not telling us...?
It's like that crazy murdered on CSI
I didn't really read the text above and below the photos, when I saw the far out shot, I was like oh Hardwood flooring these guys got everything down.
Oh My God it's Cameran Van Buren
This is pretty amazing and they are talented. They could turn this into something more than just playing one day. It makes me super happy to see active imaginations and physical activity from children instead of playing on their new IPhone 15. 
This is the most amazing thing i've seen in a while
Your sisters might be the smartest people that have ever been exhibited on reddit. The watch as a clock and the matchstick as a pencil, and the books they've made.  This is phenomenal.
The problem is her sisters are in their 40s.
Welp... I definitely wasted my childhood. Who knew I could have been this cool. 
That's amazing
As someone who has recently made their own doll house including a lot of the furniture, i am legitimately impressed! The attention to detail these kids have is astounding not to mention their techniques..What i used to do as a kid was use tall books for walls and decide my own room size for my barbies. Also in summer when the grass grew tall i used to rip a barbie house out of the grass. The rooms being spots where the the grass had been ripped out and the walls being the tall grass.
Document this with better photography, She will make a good Architecture student or creative some day and that'd be killer for any future portfolio.
Your sisters could work in the fabrication department for 
Someone is bound for miniature film making. Love watching the behind the scenes from LOTR when the Weta guys are doong their miniatures/bigatures. Wish I had the patience for it!
How small must their hands be?!!
Um... not that realistic! The dude's reading twilight....
Wow that's awesome! I was pretty creative myself when I was young but not like this. The detail some of these things have is insane. Makes me want to play! :) 
My friend and I used to do this as kids but nowhere near as extravagant. Thank you for triggering that memory :)
Dude....I'm 20 now, haven't played with Barbie dolls in over 10 years, but I would play the fuck outta all that stuff. Like, I wouldn't even have to play with someone else. I'd be content playing in the Barbie world by myself.  
So awesome! These girls will go far
How old are they? That's insane! I never had that kinda creativity when I was younger.
I'm so jealous I didn't do this when I was little. 
Shit. I wish when I was playing barbies I had your sisters to play with. My cousins and sister always called "shoeless world" when we started playing, if that's any indication.
Keep encouraging them. They can be engineers, artists, anything they want with that kind of imagination and dedication!!
Who puts Ritz crackers in the fridge?
This made me smile all the way through :)) Your little sisters seem like incredibly creative, talented little girls! I loved this kind of thing as a kid, though I was never nowhere as detailed or persistent as your sisters. And I totally agree with some other posters - it seems like they'd enjoy something like polymer clay or beading.
I'm glad your sisters enjoyed all the nice comments - I'm 24 years old and would plop right down there and play Barbies in a heartbeat :) 
PS: Kudos to you for taking an interest and showing us their detailed Barbie world - You seem like an awesome sibling!
I love this! Your little sisters are SO talented. I wish I was that creative when I was a little girl.
This reminds me of the city my siblings, friends and i made from megablox crystal castle sets and legos years ago.
Every citizen had their own name and backstory, there were laws, different people controlled several different characters and had one very specific character, laws were punishable by death. There were shops that sold specific kinds of items, real estate management that sold land and a mayor that set up laws with a city council. It was legit. Friends and siblings made up about 6 or 7 kids. All in all there were about 50 or 60 different characters and 10 that we focused on. We would run different sections at the same time and it got complex fast. Eventually tho after like two weeks everyone got tired of it due to disagreements with how the mini simulation was going  (my sister got very mad when her character had to lose his head for staying out late on a physical endurance test for stealth assassin training that was irresponsibly scheduled past curfew) 
yeah being a kid was awesome. Seeing others do this kind of thing hits me right in the feels. props for your sisters being amazing.
edit grammar and moar detail
This is incredibly clever and very detailed.  My father and stepmother used to help me and my sister build and decorate a handmade Barbie house, complete with tables made from those plastic stands that used to come with pizzas (not sure what they did but they had 3 legs and stood in the center of the pizza...maybe it would help prevent the lid from collapsing in and sticking to the top of the pizza?) as well as miniature furniture and real carpet in the bedrooms made from cut and glued carpet samples.  I was a kid and didn't think about the effort they put in that A: prevented them from spending a fortune on the "real" Barbie crap and B: created a very unique and one-of-a-kind playset for us with our Barbies.  I'm glad they appreciate what a little time and creativity can do, very cool.
I just had way too much fun looking through this album and was so disappointed when it was over.
they're really talented and creative.  
This is wonderful!  My Barbie dream house was the bottom of my desk.  She had a three-story living room WAAAY before it was cool.  :)  I love that they used their imaginations rather than just buying pre-made stuff.
15 is a sewing machine
Thats fantastic! I wish i had that sort of imagination when I was younger. I spent so much money on small things for my barbies, they have a real talent and it something to be proud of! never give up!
Wow, no comments about the CSI: Las Vegas season with the miniature killer?  
I'm not sure as to whether or not a 3D printer would be beneficial..But this is absolutely awesome.
Who else now feels like they were a failure as a child?
This is so inventive and wonderful!  They're so skilled!
O_O holy crap.. that is impressive.
Incredible!
In my 2+ years of lurking on Reddit, this has to be one of my favourite posts. I use to do things like this for my barbies but never to this extent. I spent 20 minutes looking at these pictures, making sure I didn't miss a single detail. This is some really creative stuff. Almost brought a tear to my eye. 
Looks like Eddy had a rough day 
my inner pre-teen thinks this is freakin' awesome! My sister and I only got as creative as making water beds out of ziploc baggies (sadly, they always started to leak after a bit). Makes me want to go find some Barbie's at the thrift store.
They would definitely survive prison with their craftiness. 
My favorite is the salsa..But seriously this is very, very impressive. My 6-year-old self would have been dying to play Barbies with your sisters.
I see no evidence of the sisters
Your sisters would make great future prop and set designers for stop-motion animation projects.
I can't believe I looked at every picture. I have 3 boys and we can't get a spaceship to last more than a couple days with legos. 
Those walls do not look like they follow building code. I will be contacting the local authorities to look into this matter.
Very creative stuff!
This is awesome! I think the thing you weren't sure of is a sewing machine. 
Impressive! I almost don't believe little girls did this. 
The creativity and resourcefulness of these two astounds me!
Potential future careers in STEM! This is amazing! 
I used to babysit two girls who had the most elaborate Barbie world. But it contained all items (furniture, accessories, vehicles, etc) that their parents had bought. Bad on them, good on them- whatever. It's just so wonderful that pretty much everything in these photos involved dedication and creativity- not items bought off a shelf. So great!  
28 yo guy here, I can't believe I looked at 61 pictures of a Barbie dream house...and enjoyed it!
Shit's better than my own house. I WANNA LIVE IN THERE!
Wow, that's pretty amazing. I bet they play for hours on end. 
Eye lash curler, that's attention to detail. Well done to that young lady. Golf clap.
Are your "little sisters," like, 35-year-old Hollywood set designers?  That's some serious skills they have there.
This is the best, most awesome thing I've seen on reddit... ever!! 
Your sisters are going to be famous artists someday.
I am a grown-ass man and I think this is incredibly cool. 
This is seriously cool. When I was a kid, I made a barbie playhouse from cardboard boxes, but the most creative I got with that was using wallpaper and carpet samples for wallpaper and carpet. The furniture they made is great! Their creativity is great! I love the blender, and the boxes that open and close. The guitar is really awesome! 
This is amazing! Makes me want to play barbies with them.
This is so impressive and awesome. When I had barbies as a little kid I had the Dreamhouse which probably stifled my creativity. I didn't have a barbie car though so I made one out of a shoebox...but I didn't do anything crazy with it. So very cool!
Coming from a 26 year old male, that looks... kinda fun.
Such creativity. I remember doing things like this. The fun is in looking at something and trying to figure out what junk you can jury-rig to get it right.
Bless their little hearts. xx
They're showing signs of aimless intelligence...
that is incredible!
Mini engineers! so happy
When I was young my best friend and I did the same thing. We put months of work into constructing a house and, like your sister, everything was created from what we found around the house and a ton of imagination. This post put the biggest smile on my face, so glad you shared it
Wow this would have been a dream come true when i was younger. Maybe if my sister had helped me instead of cutting all of my barbies hair off...
heres the twist, everything in these pictures was made by a single, middle aged, overweight, balding man
OP is using fake sisters for his obsessive hobby of making miniatures. 
This is like prison Barbie
My five year old daughter makes this kind of stuff for her Littlest Pet Shop toys! Your sisters have a few of those in there too:) She just made this vending machine last week.

Encourage her and provide supplies and educational tools for ...A good starting point would be listening to . for ideas.
That thing you don't know what it is...its a sewing machine. Duh. 
It looks like your little sisters have a future in set design.  Especially native advertising.  They will make millions.
Dude, NSFW on #43.
set design
Love it! Your sister is officially awesome.
tell her to subscribe 
I am a monster for even thinking this, but I would love to smash this miniature set. I can not overcome this desire for destruction.
Creepy redditors barbie fetish shows how far he will go to pretend it's all real. 
How old are they?
i like the reddit shoutout on the tryouts flyer but i dont think your sisters will
The first aid thing really surprised me.
I wish I accomplished something like this when I was that age...
if they keep doing this, they might actually build a career out of this. This is some amazing stuff. The sheer attention to details and creativity with the materials show they have immense concentration for kids their age. Most kids can't even sit still to draw a straight line. They have great potential.
Your little sisters are very artistic and creative. I like all the tiny items they made. 
This is so fucking cool. I really hope your sisters have support for this super duper creative outlet. Imagine all the great things this attention to detail can help create! This is almost something to put into a portfolio for them someday. This is just the most awesome thing ever. The big sister in me is way proud of your sisters. The 5 year old in me is jealous as hell and wants to play with them :)
Your profile says your 52 and live alone in your apartment?
I wish I had pictures of a similar setup for my and my best friend's "kittens." We'd always ask the other "wanna play kittens?" and basically make little stories and play mini-house with ...At my house, I had one of those rugs that was like a mini city with roads. I'd have all kind of shops on the road, one was this toy with a spinning thing on it where one of the kittens ran a gameshow kind of like Wheel of Fortune..At her house, she had shelves on the wall which was the first and second stories of their mansion with both makeshift furniture and dollhouse furniture. They were just simple pink-painted plywood, and we'd have other play areas on plywood set across cinderblocks and covered in cloth. They had a Barbie convertible car and everything..God dammit, I really want to buy some of those Surprise Kitty toys out of nostalgia right now.
Your sisters are super creative! I used to do this as a kid & used boxes of tissues & boxed soap bars & use those as furniture. 
That being said, I totally bought my girls a Barbie dream house 1 year b/c I secretly think I wanted to play w/ it ...which I do. 
omg i can totally see your sisters being engineers or some really crafty people that are extremely good at arts
this is amazing! i love the creativity and ingenuity!....it also reminds me of those episodes of csi, 
This is one of the coolest fucking things I've ever seen. I am so envious that they're still at that imagination-driven age and I'd give anything to be back in that mindset.
Multi-layer cake and pizza, I think they've invented the latest pizza trend!
*storey.When talking about houses..Your sisters are very talented and creative.
Send those girls on a path to engineering!
Tupperware on top of the fridge....Am I right?  
That pizza is burnt. Gross.
This is your mission, if you choose to accept it.  You force these kids into politics. This level of attention to detail will make this world a better place. A peaceful loving place.
As a guy I was like "pff no way I'm looking through 61 photos of Barbie toys..." But after a couple pics in I started really enjoying them and now i kinda wish there was more pics haha
My daughter got into making "miniatures" for a while. One of her best creations:.Take bell pepper seeds and let them dry. .!
These are amazing! The details just blow me away especially for her being 8 years old?! WOW! 
Thanks for sharing your doll house with us, creepy guy with no sister...
I'm 21 and this makes me want to go dig my Barbies out of the tub and create my own town. I guess I could wait until I have kids, but why wait?
I miss being a kid.
This is so cool. I recognise a lot of the materials, etc, from tutorials by MyFroggyStuff on youtube. So to anyone else who wants to get into this, check out her .. Really simple and totally doable instructions. 
THIS is what children should do with toys.  I can't stand the "ready made, sounds and poop included", toys that leaving nothing to imagination.  THIS is creative and engaging... Fun!
This is really GREAT to see. Honestly. Lately kids haven't been so capable of using their imaginations and your little sisters are maximizing theirs. It's amazing... hope they don't lose that!!
Your little sisters are geniuses!
I am so jealous of these girls. I miss my Barbie collection now. It was nothing like this but I had my fair share of homemade accessories. 
When I saw the eggs I fucking lost it.
Meanwhile, 8 year old boys are zombified by video games.
they should go into architecture or interior design.
The talent show theme is hilarious
Holy shit this makes my inner child feel so inadequate.

I never knew that it's actually spelled "storey" when talking about the levels of a building. That's good to know! Thanks :)

Hey, thanks for this. I was a big Barbie enthusiast when I was a kid. My parents didn't have the money to buy me Barbie's Dreamhouse or furniture so I made my own. (not anything to the scale and creativity of your sister)  This brought back a lot of good memories!
That's a sweet story :) and yeah, it seems to me that doing this stuff handmade has several good things that go with it!
You're welcome, and that's cool that you used to do something similar. It's neat to think about how children who have nothing in common with each other will do the same things while growing up. A common streak of young creativity I suppose :)
Yup! They cut out one of the sections from a lunchables container :P
This is an on-going project they have, and they are 11 and 12 :)
Do you have 30 little sisters? So.much.time.
I bet it was OP.... Said it. 

Holy crap that is fantastic. Cheers to your parents for bringing up ber creative kids- rather than letting them veg in from of the tv with all the plastic crap most kids get to play with.

Wouah! That's brilliant! Pretty sure they'll go far in life. That's really impressive. You go girls! 

Wow. Sounded like you guys weren't messing around. How did the mayor set up laws? Who was on the city council?
I think the king was from a harry potter lego set and the council was made up with knights from the megablox sets (. set is where most of the pieces and the knights came from, megablox also released several much smaller sets that also made up the houses)
This was such a long time ago... I remember my main character closed down his shop so he could follow his life dream of becoming a knight. .edit: sorry i didn't really answer your question i must have read it wrong. The king would come up with a new law and the council would agree on it. My brother and older sister controlled the council. My brother was being a douche and charged some absurd price for a square of land. Or was it my brothers friend that did that?
but seriously what your sisters are doing here is like that times 1000 dedication... and without the capital punishment and heated sibling arguments! lol
hahah, seems like it :P

Seeing this made my day!  I used to do stuff like this when I was little.  It's nice to see kids being creative and having fun!.If you search for "printies" online, you can find them all kinds of things to make out of paper for their Barbie house.  Just make sure you choose "playscale" or 1:6 scale.  

this is so impressive. It brings me back to when I was a little girl and loved making anything tiny I found into something Barbie could use. I was never ever this creative though, this is astounding!
Not sure where you got that. I'm 17 and live with my parents :P
I dont even.... how old are they?! I am speechless..

twist: op has no sisters and spends all his free time doing this
Those are some talented kids!!!!

Reminds me of my Barbie days :)
Horse looked nice but everyone in it looked stiff 
Wasn't expecting that username after such a quaint post 
Looks like someone's going to have a great career in design : )
Love this! Keep encouraging your little sisters' ingenuity and even greater things will follow..edit: plural possessive
Upvote for the magazine cut-outs. I used to do the same thing as a kid. Except I didn't have a lot of Barbies. I used toys from the Lion King, Aladdin, and a bunch of plastic dinosaurs. :) 
One of my 4 year olds just saw me looking through the pics and yelled 'i want that Barbie set mummy!'
The babysitter once made the mistake of letting my sister and I watch Striptease starring Demi Moore. Our elaborate Barbie Town became really seedy  everyone worked at the Strip Club, which was an elaborately designed venue in my closet.
dat twlight recreation lol.
A lot of this shares the style of Michel Gondry

This is one of the coolest things I have ever seen on Reddit. Your sisters are awesome.
Was that a cut-out from the Twilight books?

This is FANTASTIC - what creative little minds. I love it. I have twin girls who would think this is so awesome. I'm going to show them this whole album!
Big deal, one time I made a mud-hut for my mud-men. Everything was made of mud.
This made me miss being young.
It's posts like these that really make my day! Yay for creativity!
Your sisters are great, so creative. I really enjoyed the pics, they all made me smile. .I almost hesitate to post this because I actually prefer their creative skills, but if I collected miniatures I would look into Re-ment collectibles. A little spendy, but they are painstakingly made and each run is limited edition. There are tons of videos on youtube, here is one:
Oh my god, it's Cameron Van Buren! 
My first thought was the "Miniatures Killer" from CSI.
Never introduce them to The Sims.
They are so amazingly talented! This reminds me of when I built a stable for my Barbie horse with scrap wood when I was little. I vaguely remember my dad letting me use his circular saw to cut the pieces in my backyard, unsupervised. In retrospect, I have no idea why he allowed that. My parents were usually so careful. .But yeah, jesus, I consider myself an incredibly creative person and these girls have me blown out of the water. How old are they!?
Childhood done right.
One of my favorite things ever is being able to re-use something, whether it be turned into art or something practical. I hate wasting things, Found Art is one of my favorite subject matters (except when it goes abstract) and these pictures are so enjoyable. Part of the charm definitely comes from seeing where each object may have come from, but I also get the urge to paint over everything to make it look more realistic!
This reminds me of an episode of scrubs.
Twist: this is OP's doll house 
In a world of little girls twerking and taking selfie pics of themselves on their phones, this makes me happy. It's awesome when kids are kids. Your sisters are super creative!
Probably the coolest thing I've seen in at least 2.5 months. Hella props to your sisters. 
future real estate agent.
Incredible!.Post this on the Barbie FB page...the fans ought getaways kick out of it!
As creatives- you should see if they express any interest in stop-motion animation... Their knack for level-of detail and pension for interior design/construction would make them excellent miniature set-makers... it would also keep them working at a fast pace. They definitely have a future in the miniature market as long as they keep challenging what they are capable of.
So nice to see kids playing and using their imagination like this.  Well done to them!
so creative. how cool.
This is the cutest fucking thing I have seen ever
This is my childhood dream
Honestly, making all this stuff is probably just as much fun as playing with them. Your little sisters are so creative!
I want to befriend your little sister. I'm so jealous, wish I was that creative and awesome when I was younger.
The matchstick pencil truly impressed me. Damn creative!
Dude, you're sisters are . like me. Some of these things look exactly like things I made growing up. I've always had an obsession with miniature things & with houses/interior design, plus I was very artistically-inclined, & it led me to make tons of things like this. Spent 7 years making a miniature house that fit a toy only 3/4 of an inch tall, & despite how small it was I still included a toaster, plates, iron, tissue boxes, etc. .Many years later, I still do things like this. I've rebuilt several buildings in France, made mini versions of everything I can think of, & have designed & built my future/now current house at least 200x. I have an entire long stretch of cabinets dedicated to knick-knacks & junk that I would otherwise throw away--things that I use to make my mini sets. .Please make sure you never let these toys be thrown out, even if your sisters decide they don't want them. Take tons of photos of their toys & encourage them to keep making these as much as you can as well; as they get older their artistic abilities will develop further & their creations will get more intricate, more realistic, & even far more amazing than they are now. 
Congratulations on your success, and good job on the hard work! And my Mother keeps just about everything, so these will be around for years to come :)
This is amazing! Their attention to detail is amazing, I really hope they never stop creating! :) my sister and I used to do this kind of thing and the stuff you make for your barbies is the best stuff of all. Fond memories. Happy creating to them 
Holy F#@* That's talent!!!!
Whoa. Impressed. 
"What are we doing today, Brain?"."Same thing we do every day....take over the WOOOOOORRRLD!"
That's what came into my head when I saw these pictures. I looked at every single one and am pretty sure your sisters could indeed run the world by reorganizing/repurposing all the disastrous mistakes the world has made. Good for them! They are rad girls.
That is. SO. COOL. I'm a 22 year old girl and this makes me miss my Barbies so much. I can't describe how much I want to play with this stuff now.
Does this remind anyone else of the . from CSI?.For those that don't know or don't remember he made doll house like models of crime scenes before committing murders. Every detail was perfect. 

This is pretty incredible. Keep encouraging your sister to use her imagination and pursue her interests. It may be Barbie now, but before you know it, she might be studying engineering. She's got a good idea for detail.
I used to do this when I was little. I'm a guy (not gay). I used to do it for my action figures, since we couldn't afford much. I had highly detailed command centers and such. Until one day my dad saw me working on it and with a look of disgust on his face he said; "Why do you do that? You are too feminine."   It made me feel like shit because I really enjoyed it. I stopped after that. This posting hits my feels. 
I'm a non-masculine-straight guy too. I feel ya brother.
you should introduce them to minecraft sometime..
One of them does play it. She makes houses and stuff in there too!
I have not wanted to play barbies so bad for at least 20 years.
This is so, so awesome. Lucky them growing up with a creative mother with lots of supplies! Talented kids :)
Wow.. this is incredible. the nail polish bottles in the salons look a little too real. 
TIL your little sisters have more follow through than I do.
this is one of the best posts i've ever seen on reddit. they are amazing people.
Your sisters are going to go apeshit when they learn about 3-D printers. 
That is amazing!  
Who has carpet in the kitchen!? It's like they're not even trying
That is an architect in the making.
how old are they? that's pretty awesome
One of them is 11, and the other is 12 :P
Goo Gone or Pure Citrus air freshener will clean the sticker right off that tiny fishtank. They will also probably need some for other thigns they recycle into items as well.
This really IS amazing!
This is so cool! It's great that they're being resourceful and creative, especially since Barbie stuff can be pricey..I love the "talent show coordinator" job and all the tryout posters--such a funny detail.
I hope you'll treat them to ice cream or more craft supplies after all this karma :)
Right? Neither did I! They are 11 and 12 :P
I feel like I haven't done anything this cool or creative and I'm twice their age.
so cute! I only have brothers, something this magnificent would have destroyed in moments. 
I only have brothers too but they are the types who would have helped me out with it haha
Fantastic! I made a few things like that for my dollhouse when I was young and I still treasure them! Make sure that once they outgrow it they still keep and preserve some of it!
that is super neat!.could make stop motion cartoons with all those sets and props.also lol at the guys' sparse bedroom
Sure thing! It won't be as extensive as this post, but I'll do it tomorrow :)
I'm all exited now. I can't believe how creative they are. I wished was like them. I just remember . to sew clothes for my Barbie but never succeeding. Anyways, how many dolls do they have?
I don't have an official count, but from what I saw it looked to be about 20 :) Hopefully they can find a way to use their creativity in the long run of their life!
This could be a good indication of a future. Try to encourage them to keep working hard and not to give up, and let them know that theatre and set design quite literally involves exactly what they have been doing here.
I would love that. I'm a theater junkie myself, and I've really tried to get them interested in it. Unfortunately they don't seem to be right now, but maybe they will some day :)
Introduce them to the concepts behind architecture and engineering as well.  Engineering is not all math; there is a lot of creative problem solving, and they clearly have that in droves.  They are hard clearly hard working kids; keep encouraging them to apply those skills to other areas as they grow out of Barbies. 
They could do set design for stop motion films like Corpse Bride or Coraline. I have a few friends who worked on ParaNorman, and their set/prop designers do exactly what these girls are doing--making miniatures out of everyday items.

My older sister and I just laughed at that for about 3 minutes. Thanks :P
My wife used to do this kind of thing when she was a kid. She's now a brilliant architect. Most girls don't get seriously exposed to architecture as a career option. If you get a chance maybe set up a meeting with a female architect in the area.
Wow, I didn't even notice that. Thanks for letting me know. I'll have a talk with them, this is unacceptable. 
The attention to detail and creativity here is incredible! I would be so proud!! Keep encouraging them, this is amazing. :)
bitch did i really just find you on reddit again

I can't believe I just spent 5 minutes looking at pictures of homemade Barbie toys.... So cool that I literally looked for over 5 minutes. As a 30 something man I feel confused. Very cool - kudos to your sister.
I cried when I was 7 years old and received the life sized Barbie for Christmas instead of the Barbie Dream House (the big pink one with the elevator), I proceeded to hate life and make it very clear that I hated life until the day after Christmas when my parents gave in and waited in line for hours at Toys R Us to exchange. 
I loved my dream house, but have always felt ashamed of that story, now even more so. If only I had had a little more patience and creativity. 
I hate you a little right now... when I was a kid, all I wanted was a my size barbie. My parents couldn't afford it. Your parents got you one and when you threw a fit, got you the barbie dream house. You owe your parents hugs. Lots of them. 
As bratty as it was (and I agree that it was extremely bratty) if we're talkin money here I know I got way way more years of use out of the dream house than I would have had i kept the my size barbie.

This is incredible. I made my first Barbie "dream house" completely out of stacked cardboard boxes. Sometimes making your own toys is so much more fun than buying them. 


Please invite me over to play? PLEEEEEASE?
Lol, tons of ice cream :P She's actually enjoying this too. I'm reading her(one of them is gone) comments, and when I told her that 2800 people looked at the pictures online her face lit up. She's a really happy-go-lucky type of person.
You should set them up a blog to post their creations!  I was a younger sister to two brothers, and they never really paid attention to anything I was interested in.  Good on you to support them. :) 
Damn! When you sisters play with dolls, 
Holy cow. I couldn't stop smiling at all of these pictures. For these girls to make all of these is super creative and awesome. I am truly jealous at their ability here. Mad props.
Twist: This is actually OP's stuff.

I can't believe that more people haven't accused him of this.

I dont think crackwhore1 is a he
 OP looks pretty manly to me here. I think those legs are hairy too. (Boy will I feel like a jerk if OP IS a girl).
A couple others have. But as a 17 year old male I have absolutely no interest in doing this. Not my type of thing. And to top that off, I'm nowhere near that creative. I couldn't do this stuff.
Yeah, of course ... sure ....Ha, THIS is a good argument ;-)
Anytime! But it's a BYOC&H(Bring Your Own Cardboard & Hotglue) :)

So we're just gonna ignore her username lol.
Believe, Love, Pray.  Then the talent show in progress.  This just too cute and I absolutely love it!  Reminds me of my childhood too and playing with my sisters, but not quite so much detail.  Nice of you to listen to all the stories and take such an interest too.  These days will go to quickly.  Enjoy them - your sisters and their hobby and imaginations - thoroughly and as long as you can.
This really drives the time wasting capabilities of Reddit home. I'm sitting here... looking at pictures of some guy's little sisters' doll house.
Man. When I had barbies, all I did was cut their hair and change their clothes all the time before they got kidnapped by Ken.
Basically what I did, plus making them  being torn between classy and romantic Gran Soiree Ken and hot and passionate Rock and Roll Ken. 
Well we have to find something to look at while we wait for the safe to be opened. 
Classic Ken. What a jerk.
I got really confused at the last picture and thought it was so amazing that they made miniature tubs and drawers to store other miniature things.
Barbiception
What do you think the barbies play with drewbulubu? Obviously the mini bins are filled with the barbies barbies. And they have bins too.
Hahah, if those were mini tubs, the stuff inside would be microscopic. Maybe if they keep working at it, someday they'll make foam hats small enough for cells!
Dear god, this is glorious.
Im 24, I want to play!!!
I'm 23 and I am inspired to make my own dollhouse because of this post. I shall be back in a few weeks and post the results!
I'm 25. If kids rules still apply...I get dibs on which room I want because I'm bigger than you. BWAHAHA! 

This is so awesome.  They must have so much fun.  Maybe you can get them some polymer clay for a birthday or something - you can make anything miniature from it and you cure it in a regular oven or toaster oven.  And it is pretty cheap.  Google "polymer clay miniatures" and see what I mean!  
I'm glad you suggested this and OP saw it. I hope the girls love it. It'll certainly help! I bet they can make some amazing stuff with it. I still can't....
It takes some practice.  I suggest getting one of the little Chrsti Friesen books if you like her style (no miniatures, but lots of other things to make).  Her books are very user friendly and you learn little tips on every page.  That is how I got started!

I just googled polymer clay miniatures, and this one really stuck out - .. We'll definitely have to get them some of that stuff, thanks for letting me know!
I work with polymer clay and it's really fun. Look for deals at you're local craft store and get the some gloss and tools to use. Also there are some great YouTube videos put there that make mini stuff and would help them a lot!
I've seen amazing oranges made from that stuff. Detailed so if you cut it, the insides looked like a real orange 
You bet!  If you have any questions, feel free to PM.  I do polymer clay for a hobby / a little bit of extra money so I am very familiar with it and happy to answer questions for them if they have any.  I don't make miniatures, but I can pretty easily gather up a ton of resources and tutorials for your sisters 
My siblings and I made a miniature Thanksgiving dinner out of oven bake clay and would act out the meal for fun. Weirdos. 
Get them some jewelry making stuff, too! I'd love to see what they could do with wire! I mean, if your parents trust them with hot glue & xacto k.I es, wire cutting/wrapping should be okay. Foster that creativity!! 
My Mother is extremely creative too(although her creativity centers more around interior/exterior design, re-purposing furniture, and painting), so there's an entire room in our house that's just for all of the crafty stuff. It's like a mini hobby-lobby, and that's where my little sisters spend most of their time :P
Try to introduce your sisters to industrial design. It's a pretty lucrative field and they show a lot of potential for model making and designing products. I sure wasn't this creative when I was 11/12, but it's a good way to transition their interests into "the real world" and make a living out of what they love..Source: 3rd year ID student
That's so awesome. Your mom sounds pretty cool to keep encouraging it too; if you guys keep fostering this creativity, these little gals are definitely gonna go places!
Well the apple didn't fall far. Your sisters used a shampoo bottle cap to make a Barbie boombox and cupcake papers to make miniature lampshades! I'd say they have the repurposing gene for sure. .I got such a kick out of these pictures. Your sisters are really talented. 
Inside the book:."Kill Bella"....Nicccceeeeee
I noticed that, too, and thought it was great. That girl cannot finish a darn sentence to save her life! 
She can barely finish a thought in her head.
You have really cool little sisters :)
Thanks! And you have a really good cake day! :)

I didn't realize today was my cake day....hahaha, Thank you!
This is pretty awesome, how old are they?
I think the purple thing is a sewing machine! :)
Hmm... that OR maybe it's the Center For Kids Who Can't Read Good And Wanna Learn To Do Other Stuff Good Too.
I was thinking it might be a water fountain
This too was my first thought
Maybe I've spent too much time in a science lab, but to me, that looks like a microscope :)
That makes sense, considering the knobs on the side and the string of hot glue running across the top. Thanks!
Seriously, you should get your sister . for a birthday gift or surprise..I had it when I was a girl, and it's perfect for creating doll house miniatures easily. I still remember how to make the barbeque using that pizza box tripod, the top of a plastic egg that's been painted black, a circle of screen door screen for the grill, crinkled orange cellophane for coals, a piece of cotton ball for smoke, and lentils for burger buns..It's an awesome book.
This is an 8 year old me's dream. My sister and I used to do similar things, but definitely not on this scale. Anyways, I absolutely love this!! 

Me too, but again not to their amazing level. It's funny how immersed little girls can get into their world-making. I use to imagine elaborate house layouts and make miniature versions of them out of cardstock. .I thought I wanted to be become an architect when I went off to university, but it never gave me as much joy as making those doll houses. I went on to switch majors several times.
I know right?  I'm glad to see that kids still have imagination these days instead of turning to electronics.  Reminds me of myself, but more of an action figure weapons and GI Joe stuff!
Exactly! I thought of these things in my head and cried when they ended up being a complete mess (I was a brat, I know). 
lol I did the same. I was always trying to make stuff for my barbies so I always had the paper and glue and scissors out. Problem was, I was terrible at it. 
My problem was we never had glue, only sellotape :'( This sort of stuff just doesn't work as well when you have to tape it together.
They are 11 and 12 :)
I'm glad I'm not the only one who was still playing with Barbies at 11 or 12.

I got made fun of for playing with Polly pockets at 11 :(
Glad I'm not alone with this as well.
How long have they been creating this? 
If you got them a sewing machine and showed them some videos on how to use it, I bet they could make all kinds of barbie clothes.
And here I was thinking they were 6 or 7. 
When I was that age I made my own Barbie things too! Sadly, around 12 my parents made me throw out my handmade Barbie house because I was getting 'too old' :/ 
I hope you continue to support their creativity. They could have the potential to become very artistic the older they get, if they are encouraged to pursue creative endeavors. 
They are incredibly creative! If only I had half the imagination they do.
The tiny Pop-Tart alone surpasses any artistic endeavor I was ever involved in.
Man oh man, wait until someone introduces them to The Sims. 
They're already playing the Sims in RL. Honestly, this is way cooler.
Except you can't kill Barbie by taking the ladder out of her Malibu Dream Pool.
They've learned how to climb out without the ladder. :( But if you surround the pool with buffet tables they'll be trapped and drowned. :D 
Yes you can. Imagination.

Now that you mention it... I used to take my Barbie and simulate plane crashes with her where everyone on the plane died except her and she had to survive alone in the wilderness..Come to think of it, I also really loved the premise of Hatchet. 
I loved that book, didn't know it was that week known. My English teacher recommended it when I was 12, I'm sure there was a sequel too...

I used to love that book! 
Man, I just made mine have sex all the time.
...Yep. I never really liked barbies.
I A) cut their hair or B) made them have sex. 
Then I immediately lost interest. 
They used to have Sims for the Wii, and that got played A LOT!
You (or your parents or whatever) should get them a high-endish PC with The Sims 3 plus some expansion packs. You get way more creative control than on console versions. Plus there's a ton of custom content available for free and they could even learn how to create it themselves. 

I was really blown away. I'd forgotten how fantastically creative motivated kids can be. Some of their little creations are ingenious considering how young they are. 
OP never mentioned his "little sisters" ages. 
Plot twist: they are both in their 40's.
It's a Marwencol-type-situation
Oh, I thought in the other comments that it's mentioned they're 8 years old. To be fair, even if they're 40, this is probably better work than many adults could pull off, haha.edit: I just looked again, they're 11 and 12 according to OP.
It was a joke.  :) 
I got that, but then I started to doubt if I had even read their ages anywhere or if my mind had carried off with it's own assumptions...so I had to verify despite the joke, and then kind of added my own lame joke...haha sorry
Introduce them to the miniaturist hobby, they would love it!
I there a subreddit for miniatures?
I havent found one.
Is there a sub for it?

There's good money in it too! According to the wire at least.
I do believe, Lester Freamon is in the mood for love!
There is a hobby for this? I always enjoyed little things like this but never got into any of it because it seemed to just be cars and kinda boring stuff.
I collect the Lemax Spooky Town pieces. It's like those miniature Christmas villages, except Halloween themed! 
Im pretty sure if it exists, someone has created a hobby out of it.
Ugh I'm the exact same way and always wanted to make a career out of it...somehow. Ended up being an Art major and still collect/make little things :P Play with polymer clay and make it a new hobby!
Oh yeah. Theres a shop at the beach I frequent that is just for miniatures. They have EVERYTHING. Harry Potter, every type of holiday thing ever imaginable, (even ones not celebrated by most department stores) full blown Victorian houses, cute things creepy things, you name it. They're also extraordinarily expensive since its all hand made, but still. 
Rule #32: Enjoy the little things.
Dollhouses, buildings for train sets, and the lil dioramas atthe museums you see, all made by minaturists, think about the land adound the train set in jackass3 or superman returns. 
if you ever find yourself in germany, take a look at the "miniaturwunderland" in hamburg, a fantastic place that has gorgeous displays of different sceneries combined with miniature trains and cars running everywhere. it's totally worth a trip!
They have a gallery with a few examples, and a list of events if you wanted to go and browse the stuff.  Or some doll shows near you might have miniatures.  .A lot of people who are into this make full houses with wallpaper, carpeting, working electricity, all that stuff.
While it's mostly vehicles of all sorts, there's tonnes of different things that have been miniaturized. Plus, you can do interesting things with them. One old friend of mine used to build WWII army models, modify them to be desert corps, then build dioramas with so much detail that when he took pictures of them, they looked like legit WWII North Africa photos.
Those miniaturist will miniaturize anything. It's kinda cool and sometimes odd.
I've always been interesting with like small scale stuff.
Some of them go to ..
You mean extreme shorts!
Absolutely..My family owns a doll house business. My grandma makes little, tiny food like . and .A family friend created working ceiling fans for his doll houses. 
Oh my god, is this something I could do for a living or is it a very niche thing?

Can I come and work at your business? It sounds awesome! 
Not a display seen at my local store in the northeast US
That's pretty much any bass pro shop
love the mustard soap bottle...with mustard still on it
the brake lights are on... so either the driver is in the car (on the phone or something) or someone parked way way in the back left their lights on and walked in
It's pretty difficult to leave your brake lights on. That's rather conclusive evidence that the driver was in the car.
Where in Costa Rica? Caribbean or Pacific?
Manuel Antonio?
SITE B ? 
Yup.  It felt amazing to finally see the beach :-)
Anytime I see a picture like this, I can't help but think about castaway
I'll bet 10 colons that it is the pacific side (cliffs coming down to the sea, the type of vegetation in the background).
How do you lose a fish?
It looks like a lure.
r/whatisthisthing
that looks like the breastbone of a bird
Dragon.

I just.. I just don't know what to say about that.
Good for them and their families..An education is one of the few reliable paths out of a life of poverty.
Damn...are you sure they're not getting sent to be turned into glue?
Someone with a username indicating that they may be Jewish making jokes about carting boxes of humans off to the slaughter..Hilarious!
Wait...why are you mad at me?.Shouldn't the Jewish guy in this situation be the guy who gets offended?
I said "Hilarious!" not "Enraging!".There's a difference..Maybe this explains the Israel-Palestine conflict a bit..The inability to distinguish humor from offense.
Ohhh my bad. But a Jewish guy making jokes about carting boxes of humans off to slaughter? That's not hilarious at all. That's fucked upppp.
It's OK, son..You don't have to try to keep up with me here..It's obvious you're having a hard time doing so..Maybe you should go back outside for awhile..The sunshine might do you some good.
Thank you friend,.Your advice is sage, soothing.My comments falter before yours.I shall not step into the light outside .For you have already become the light for me.
I am the Way, the Truth and the Light..I am your Lord and Savior..I'm also covered in peanut butter.
If you false color them, anyway.
The thermophile bacteria are naturally extremely vibrant.
Yet still not the Eye of Sauron..What's the source of the photo?
Google Yellow Stone National Park hot springs. You will find plenty of other photos of the same nature.
Stunningly beautiful... Stunningly fecal smelling
Any collectors? It holds no real value for me so i can maybe trade to something strange/funny/etc.
Holds enormous value....call Jim beam outpost in Nelson county Ky....
Its all fun and games until its time for sit-ups.
I want this! It's a genius idea. I need to find this here in Denmark.
Wouldn't that lead to being frozen into a block of ice 9 months out of the year?
Well, you could just do it inside..But yes, shitty danish weather is shitty.
Most of the time. Right now it's like 25-30 celsius outside and sunny. That not too bad. 
Happy cake day
I'd hang out with your cousin too buddy.
"Hung Out"...Yes I believe that's all that happened.  
karma for your knickerless  cuz banging a two bit actor,dont you have a cat to take pictures of?
That guy gets all the cousins.
You mean he hung into her?
It was a party in New York we went to a couple nights ago. I didn't know he was there tho. I'm a fan. 
I cannot blame him.
There's an economic crisis going on, you see.
that's why you use paper clips! they're re-usable!
can you post this to 
Hell, Lumberg Fucked em...
but... dem hips
Yeah, back then people had style.
 from that 
Wide hips...good for birthin'.
The power of makeup, lighting, and photoshop.
I'm guessing their boyfriends carry Tommy guns.
Yeah, especially the attitude, these bitches are like "Whatever, fuck you". I fucking love that.
Yeah, today they're attractive.
That one one the left looks gorgeous.
Remember that picture that gets reposted all the time of the women wearing shorts for the first time in 1937.  This is more 'revealing'.  Why were those shorts a big deal?  Or is that just made up for karma. 
op hasn't visited brooklyn or silver lake in the past decade
whoa whoa cover up ladies.
back then you needed not only to be good looking but also to be of sturdy build... 
Bit different today
cant have been much competition...
Always thought Drew Berrymore had a certain dated face about her, the girl on the right proves it!
Mmm, look at those child bearing hips
You should have seen the other contestants!
I like the girl on the left.
I see faces in their knees
Have they though?
ratchet

the one on the left looks like . in drag
I think the one on the right is Buster Keaton in drag.
These are not the most beautiful but the bravest women of that time. It must have taken a lot of courage to participate.
you know what, i would fuck the shit out of the girl on the left. she's pretty damn cute if you ask me.
They have great birthing hips
Them are child-bearin hips!
The girl on the right looks like Drew Barrymore
Why do so many people like the girl on the left?  I feel like I'm the only one that thinks the one on the right is better looking.
Bet y'all that their hip:waist ratios are extremely close to the golden mean. 
The girl on the left looks like that Australian actor from Summer Heights High. I forget his name...
The dark haired one is pissed that she got second place.
How in the world did the one on the left win o.o?
What is wrong with these girls? Especially the one with the hat. She's approaching what I would consider "ideal," as far as looks go.
So have women just evolved to be better looking now?
There is no way Drew Barrymore is that old.
Holy shit, I can see all those knees- bee's knees that is...
10/10 would bang
They both looked like Stephen Fry.
I want to serve as a role model for all the little girls out there. I look forward to the day when women will be judged, not by their looks, but by their minds and their accomplishments.
The photo doesn't really do either of them justice, but the one on the right is a fox.
Not really, they look like cool girls from anywhere hip
for the better
The one on the right looks like a Monty Python member in drag.
Slutty.
Whatever, have you met a hipster lately?
I saw those two girls at a locally owned, fair trade coffee shop the other day.
These were the only 2 contestants that didn't have polio or consumption.  
It looks like a WKUK sketch
yikes!
I thought she looked more like Chloe Seveingy(?)
I'm not a super history buff or anything, but the 20s were fairly progressive as far as women's social behavior was concerned. When the economy started tanking in the late 20s and early 30s, more conservative views became popular as the Depression was blamed on the excesses of the previous decade. 

, you mean?
Haha yea thats him. 
Chris Lilley
I thought she looked like Stephen fry.
...and what does the future hold?



If by gorgeous you mean slightly murdery, then yea.  She isn't unattractive, she just looks angry/scary.
Probably for the worst, tbh.  The women in these photos look like real women.  They're not some body-image-obsessed photoshopped image of a fake woman that everyone tries to emulate, but since it is nigh impossible, they just end up feeling inadequate and depressed..I wish the times still were where people embraced what they have, what they've worked toward and their own body image.  Those would be good times, indeed.
I think they look really fucking sexy. Today's beauty contests leave nothing to the imagination.
i,d hate to see the losers
The one on the left, neck down, is pretty much my build. Just add bigger boobs..And to think, that's now considered "fat", or "ugly"..Pfoff
no, you're not. 
Like you'd know.
Girl on the left is FIT
...but her face
they look like men wtf

Lies!
The image is there it just doesn't allow hotlinking so you have to press enter on the link.
why were pple ugly back then?  

The dude on the right looks fairly feminine. 
The one with the smaller trophy does not look happy. I am pretty sure there was a slap fight after the picture was taken. That is when the photographer had an idea...pornography!
Yes, please! The one on the lest looks like she would have absolutely gorgeous eyes.
not amused. 
Wow. The past was filled with some ugly people. .Makes me wonder how the hell we ended up at all!
The one on the left could get it.
Thank you interbreeding!
If they saw my girlfriend....they would probably kill themselves...
ugly faces
They look kinda sleazy
like Ke$ha's posse...
Serious question..I know this photo was taken 90years ago, but there were women back then who were STUNNING, being attractive is not something new, so why did these 2 Gremlins end up winning the contest??.Was it a joke contest? Did people have different "tastes" regarding beauty? Was long unruly hair and cottage cheese legs the height of beauty in the 20s?
Beauty standards change like trends. Androgyny was "in" in the '20s.
I've heard that more widespread, easier access to nutritious food has helped make facial symmetry more prevalent among the population.
Wow that's really interesting. I had never thought of that. 
Lets go back to slightly chubby being the standard of beauty
Yeah, guys! \s
You've unintentionally restated the problem. These women aren't slightly chubby and women pursuing overly skinny modes of beauty are really psychologically and physiologically damaging, especially to young girls.
I stand corrected. Agreed.
Miss America 1921, was .She was 16 years old and weighed 108 lbs. . with . dressed as Neptune..This was referenced in 
Oh wow, didn't know that was a reference to anything real.  
Hot damn, those legs!
Ah yes, normal women. Whatever happened to them?.All you see nowadays are anorexia and plastic surgery and if that isn't enough get them through some photo editing.
The world is facing the biggest crisis in the history of history. Girls are getting hotter and hotter!  Personally I  am ok with this.
You must hang out with the wrong women. I see a lot that actively take care of their bodies in a healthy manner in order to make themselves more attractive. 
Nah, I turn on the Tv and exoskeletons look back at me.
They look different on TV than they do in real life.
The point isn't that they look ok in real life (which they don't, they eat about as much as their cats), the point is that what we see on TV is what younger and impressionable (or just impressionable) people think is . you should look. And then they look in the mirror and go "Well I don't look like that. There must be something wrong with me.".Everyone are laughing now about the bacon and egg thing for breakfast but I think it's a lot better than coffee and a fag. 
I'd flap it.
UMF, those knees! 
I tried but she said there was a prohibition on her vagina.
You gotta start at the boot and work your way up the leg.
Work those gams doll face
I can see the joy in their face at winning..
It wasn't common to smile in pictures back then (I don't think). If you think about it now, it's kind of silly of us that when we take a picture, everyone says "smile!" and we all put on a fake one. .Someone brought this up to me once..I would be smiling if I won a beauty contest though so I don't know.
The reason they didn't smile back then wasn't because it was the norm. But because early cameras needed to have much longer exposure times than today. Holding a smile perfectly still for a few minutes is pretty tough. 
To be fair though, by the 1920s, the time needed for exposure will have been much shorter. Just not the 1/60 to 1/2000 of a second we see on modern cameras.
No, I believe you are right. I saw a discussion on how it is better to catch someone in their natural state, than to have them fake smile for a picture. You often find capturing someone in their unaware real state is a far better picture to view than that of a series of rigid fake cheesers and eyes pointed directly at the camera.
thanks for the trophy...now fuck off. 
Looks like it could be the album cover for some mediocre indie band.
What would this indie band be called?
Horrible posture
"The Sultry Gams"
The Scoliosis Champs. 
Beauty Contest Winnars.(yes, winnars is spelled incorrectly because edgy)
Nasty Ass Vacuum Fuckers
"Some Mediocre Indie Band"
Dresden Dolls
Neutral milk hotel.

Also the first hipsters
for RICH people
Dolphin is a small island off the coastline of Indonesia near the Trinity Channel. .With a population of 338, it is one of the smallest islands in asia. It's landmass covers about 100 square miles and the native tongue is Thai..Given the small vicinity of the island, there are not many animals to hunt. The inhabitants of Dolphin rely mainly on fishing and farming. The economy is a stable one and I'm making all of this up. And thats how the islanders stay healthy and wealthy. 
It's an island.
My son used to do that... be grateful you where able to take a picture, those times go by fast :)
Karma whores, people die of Cancer all the time, does not mean you need to whine about it because she was mildly famous, plus all of that "OMG UR SO BOOTIFUL" shit is just because you feel bad for her.
So so sad. Breaks my heart especially when kids and children die from cancer. What kind was it
Neuroblastoma. She was diagnosed like 5 years ago I think. So sad :(.Also she died yesterday and it was not her birthday. But she was only 13
No, title is implying or rather saying that this photo was taken on her birthday. The middle part of that sentence, is stating a fact, not saying she died on her birthday. Just thought I'd point that out.
Oh yes. Commas. I know how those work! I swear
Someone.....PLEASE face-swap this shit! I beg you! It must be done....
kids face was too good to change: 
so quick to repost
You forgot the question mark. And if there's one thing we can be sure of, it's that a possibly controversial title with a question mark means that there is no evidence that it's true.
More like the solution to world hunger!
And hopefully not closer. 
Ahhh Florida. For those that don't know...that's our typical afternoon thunderstorm....First night I lived here and we had one of these my family huddled in the living room clutching flashlights and signing wills. Anymore it's like w/e we'll be able to go swimming in 5 minutes when it's sunny again.
Are you allowed to swim in there?
Yeah, its amazing
Source: 
There's a budgie turd in your sink.
Life!.uh....uh....uh....Finds a way.
For those wondering (like I was for the first few seconds), I believe that's the "Bad Robot" logo from J.J. Abram's studio 
You know it's bad when it is such a repost that the link is already Purple for me.
Not 100%, but chances are it is the first draft of the script.X-post from . care of 
Robin Hood would have hit the bulls eye... he's good that way.
I went over to a friend's house to hang out by the pool. The first thing I noticed when I got there was this thunderstorm off in the distance to the west. I've never seen a small isolated storm like that in it's entirety (from the ground where the precipitation is falling to where the clouds reach the atmospheric ceiling) with my own eyes. I also thought it was interesting how the sun was casting god-rays or crepuscular rays out from behind the system. I only wish I could have taken this picture with a better camera. All I had at the time was my phone.
Awesome picture.  I'm hoping to catch some monsoon storms on vacation next week to Northern AZ.  I'm from Southern CA. where it hardly ever storms :(.  I have saved your picture to my rolling desk top photo library on my work computer.  Thanks! :)
Forever alone pickled girlfriend. 
...That's about the weirdst thing i have wrote in a while
"I AM NOT AN ANIMAL! I AM A PICKLED DILL."
Are long boards back in style or something? I've been seeing them a lot more lately. 
i don't know about style, but they are great for commuting college campuses.
Waterboarding, it seems.
so what?
Is it me or does the soldier on the right appear no older than 15?
I'd say he was probably 17 or 18 but it wasn't uncommon for kids to lie about their age to get into the military..The caption says he's their Vietnamese interpreter. I'm not sure if that means he was a US soldier who could speak Vietnamese or if he was a local. If he was a local, he could possibly be 15, I suppose.
In the hospital I work in they make $90k a year
ILLUSIONS! A trick is something a whore does for money.
Patch Adams?
Nope, Dr. Oop-Psy 
Our are all volunteers. Including this fine gentlemen, who is now retired. Wish I could share more of his story, he really had a very interesting life.  
Simply a hero.
Yes they are. Volunteers are huge part of our pt care team. There is no scientific research into how much they contribute to the recovery, but in my eyes their contribution is enormous. 
This is really funny....
Maybe a result of 
twas spinning, i deduce
Anyone seeking more info might also check here:
Rolling shutter?
Dude, that was already posted to 
I'm probably not far off if I say they got the idea from .?
So this has become a thing now for weddings.
The girl on the far left is ruining it for me. I can see her joy.
That was nice of them to invite Snooki.
there's no way a shark can jump that high.
That's the dumbest photoshop I've ever seen.
Need a redo with the shark catching the bouquet or the garter..edit: after thought  
The blond on the left has no chance. We tried to talk our buddy into doing this photo for his wedding last week, but they said no.
He just wants the bouquet. 
Fake and gay!
They did, they requested this kind of photo and the photographer created this.
but..the shark would be jumping out of water that shallow...
Fatty on the right will be the first victim.
Indeed.. damn those freakin' seagulls man, thank God that this shark was at the right time and the right place to scare those flying shit-scattering terrorists away 
Great Whites hate bliss
The lack of bikini ladies has made this a classier movie but not a classic "too bad it's good".
Sum 1 has to re post this with it zooming slowly into the last guy on the right then changing everyone's face to his lmao 
My friend's wedding photo in Hawaii... when sharks attack!
I kinda wish the groom was pushing the bride down to get her out of his way, would add another layer of funny. But this is awesome!
pull a Costanza!
The guy falling really sells it
Definitely shopp'd
thanks bro
anytime
Yeah it's tacky but I have to admit it made me laugh and honestly if the bride & groom like it and get a kick out of it, who cares? It's sorta awesome!
The guys are selling this so much harder than the girls. Look at them, 4/5 are positively beaming.
Protip: If you try to pull this off, make sure that no one is laughing or smiling. Ruins it.
yeah totally ruined I can see people having fun
Godzilla wouldve been better. Sure it looks fierce, but once it lands on the beach, it's just gonna lay there till it dies. 
The acting in this picture is actually pretty impressive. It looks like the third guy from the left is trying to pick up his friend who is falling. "No man left behind!"
I think it's more of a "I don't have to be fast, I only have to be faster than you!" kinda situation there...
I call that the Grizzly Bear strategy. 
Who's the hero who will photoshop in a Kaiju? I would but I lack the skill...
She planned the attack all along...
missing in this picture: the tornado half of sharknado
I'm calling fake because the photographer's watermark is outside the photo and so anyone can copy the picture and claim it to be theirs so no photographer would do that and . it is a fake.
3 girl fails.
Freakin hilarious!
And so we have the poster for Sharknado 2.
Pimp my Taxi. 
And so it begins...
Now you're down to just one.  Unless.........the water gets turned on by "accident" during kittys nap.
chinese water torture?
I've had half the sink filled up before she's moved. 
That's too funny.  God bless the animals.
Didn't see either of us do it no proof.
helloooo sapling!
TAP LOOKS LIKE A LIZARD.
Haha he looks like he's smoking an invisible joint
Could use a gem sweater.
And you just . she was so proud of that snap she passed it out to everyone!
is this a recent appearance they made together?
I see what you did there. 
I get jealous of other people's drawings because I have the drawing skills of a dead cow. I'd like to see more of your drawings though op
That's the same reaction I had to seeing this!

Still a better love story than twilight.
It's an improvement!
I wish I could upvote this comment more than once.
Me, applying for jobs.
Are you Ryan Gosling?
So...Panties are half off!
Not sure if rebuilding from rains we had over the past few days, or ant war.
Those jerks bite! No touchy!
It still is a thing, and it works very well. But not legal. 
My dentist used cocaine as a local anaesthetic during his residency in the early 80's. He said nothing worked as well as it did.
That's why you always lick out your bag to get the residue when it's done.
So did a lot of others.  That's why it's no longer a thing.
My grandmother told me that they used to have a jar of cocaine on the windowsill that they would use for toothaches. Those were the good old days
Nice. Good luck with deer.
those are my favorite flower! they are beautiful my grandmother grows them also!
Lilies are my favorite flower. I grow a ton of different breeds. I have Easter, Stargazers, Blackouts, White Lace, and the everyday orange and yellow day lilies. I get mine from this shop online that also sells hybrids. I have a few of the hybrids that I'm keeping in a green house and being very motherly with.
they sound lovely keep up the good work and post more pics of your flowers i would love to see!
I will. Unfortunately most of them are still in their juvenile states and still haven't produced blooms yet. Most of them only have one more summer before they should reach flower-y adulthood. So hopefully next year my garden and green house will be full of them. My Stargazers have just been with me for a really long time because they are incredibly easy to grow in my area, so they were a clear choice when I started growing lilies about 4 years ago. They are only just now reaching maturity.  
It's all beautiful until Ronny Brickmeier puts a huge handful of those shells down your underwear during recess
Wish I could molt. Maybe my kids could wear my skin just as I wore their mothers.
The coolest part, I think is not when they molt but when they "inflate" their wings afterwards.
Too bad he's missed the party.
Please tell me you taught him who's on the top of the food chain outside the circle of life.
You just witness the birth of the 
No red eyes? He obviously hasn't been possessed by Satan yet. 
Still kill it with fire.
Where is this?
Brooklyn Bridge Park, right across the water from Manhattan.
What if he was robbing the place
Be On the Lookout For a male suspect approximately 6'10" to 7'5" covered in shaggy fur.  Suspect may be armed with a bow caster and has been known to rip people's arms out of socket after losing games of chance...
Given how far he is in debt to Jabba I think it is fair to say that Wookiee is not very good with money.
At least he wasn't trying to pawn the Millennium Falcon 

This is Gemini VII, launched 4 December, 1965. Borman and Lovell piloting..On display at the Smithsonian Air & Space Museum in Washington, DC.
ill always upvote a picture of mila kunis

My god she is beautiful!
Shut up Meg.
Was it next to your van?

10 months ago.
Oh, so past pictures are a crime now?  
Touche
Before or after he claimed to invent the telephone?
Wow, that is quite the handsome and confident man!
Bad ass photo, do you have a rough date on it? What did he do in the airforce?
Is  that Powell?
Not anymore.
With google earth and a good elevation map your spot will now be a new scenic lookout point on the tour map.
still have to drive there. This happened on my way out...

We meet again!.Beautiful pic!
You could always bike in.
Erf
Near Bullfrog Bay.
Yes.
r/whatsthisbug
That. Is. Awesome.
 .here's another shot. 
I was thinking of the Tin Man, what with the axe...Very cool 
Love the codpiece 
Awesome, but can't help but think of Robin Williams in "Bicentennial Man"
This is from the movie Heartless: The Story of The Tin Man.  And, incidentally, has nothing to do with Iron Man.
just thinking a lil bit of over compensating is going on down there -->
3rd photo is where they shot the beginning of Prometheus: 
ya, i wanted to bring something i could pour like him in the movie and snap a pic but forgot
See, now, we can clearly see the plane.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with it; that is a perfectly good airplane.
I'm planning on skydiving the first time this year. I'm excitedly terrified! :/
Seeing pictures like this makes me realize how boring my life is.
what plane was it?
Then do something :) Find a free weekend and book something for yourself to enjoy! We are responsible for our own happiness.
I saw this guy today. Good way to stay cool! Although I'm not sure how much a house fan will work outdoors...
What a cool looking bike!
What kind of bike is that?
It's a Yamaha Virago, heavily modified. A very popular bike in the scene right now. 
Batman?
Amen to that brother

It's a great picture of a great bike.
love the bars
, nothing else equals a good ride.
not sure on the model but its a cafe racer/bobber. Beautiful bike :)
That is a beauty. Is it yours? The snow in the background makes me thinks its an Oldie
When rent for the billboard runs out and they haven't resold the ad space they do this. 
It's 2013. Aren't Palin jokes a bit old at this point? I mean I feel even mocking her keeps her somewhat relevant. Just let her disappear back to Alaska.
what a disgusting comparison.
Jimmy Fallon used "Jesus Horses" back in 2004 on weekend update.
Ummm, she's considering another presidential run I think.
Actually, when she said it, she was quoting Jesus.
pretty sure alaska doesnt want her back
We don't, she can go back to Minnesota.
Nope. Not even Minnesota Nice extends to her.

No, I saw Pacific Rim, dinosaurs were the first attempt by aliens to conquer earth, but the atmosphere wasn't ready (this is from the movie).
you could say...that it's Palin comparison.
So now I have to break out this old doodle of mine.
We all say stupid shit, however we all don't get criticized for it because we don't have a camera in our face 24/7. Hence nobody knows about it
"a direct quote"?... It's as true as the majority of quotes that are attributed to her. 
Yes, as in completely made up.
You're right. To think Palin has the intellectual capacity to say something that could be quoted coherently is silly.
Almost as stupid as:
Remember when Cynthia McKinney accused the Dept of Defense of using Katrina to cover up the execution of 5000 people?  man that sure got a lot of media coverage! ;)
How about asking NASA if they drove the Mars rover over to where astronauts planted the flag? (Sheila Jackson Lee)
I love that one. I only wish there was audio of that exchange. .It would almost be as sweet as 
Oh, yeah that was unreal. Did you see the speech in which the world learned that the commander in chief thinks you're supposed to pronounce corpsman as "corpse man"? ouch. 
Remember all the skits Sat Night Live did about that?! me neither
 Especially when he's talking about someone from another country praying for our nation. 
unlike them smart democrats. Guffaw!
Just shot two shots from a double barreled shotgun in the air.
I don't think it's an issue of democrat versus republican. I think it's an issue of dumbass versus not dumbass. Different things. Not everything is about political party.
Unless your parents didn't have any extra money. Then it sucked pretty bad...
Yep. My family could never afford this day. 
Moose, bitch, get out the way.
Artist is Jean Luc Cornec : 
All I can think is "Damn, I'd hate to have to try and untangle all of those cords."
I could imagine them all ringing at once and when you answer all you hear are sheep noises..Strange, but cozy looking.
Those... are creepy as 
Ew.  Mushroom Juice?.Who drinks a can of mushroom juice?.Just  ew.
"So it goes"
We had one in our office two weeks ago!
For anyone interested, this is a young, female .  I find these pretty commonly, but this is the smallest one I've come across. =]
Thank youuuuuu
you're welcome.!  I know putting the Boston Bomber on the cover was a risky move, but their magazine is also about life changing events that shape history. I also side with the thought that this type of coverage glamorizes the killer as a rock star... I don't know. Media is fucked up. 
I also saw the Colbert Report.
That last photo is eerie 
Indeed it is. It's probably my favorite that I took from the set.
Ex-BBY employee here. Any sort of accessories, cables, adapters, etc. are marked up roughly 90%. It's how they make their money. Big ticket things they make next to no profit on, so they rape you for all the extra shit, that's why if you go there to buy something they will drive you crazy telling you what other things you HAVE to get with it. Employee discount was 10% above store cost. So cables that were upwards of $60-$70 would cost anywhere from $.33-$2.
I was also fired on a bs account and have never worked somewhere that I was treated so terribly as there. I absolutely hated it. And I've worked everywhere from corporations to privately own businesses, working with the owner. And I have never been treated so poorly as I was there. It was deplorable.  
Ex-Futureshop(Canadian Company bought out by BBY) employee here. The markup was crazy. But amazing for me. i got soo many HDMI cables just becasue i could. 
Ha! thats how they get money
damn! 911? i would like to report a rape
I just try to avoid that place because of the bad customer experience. 
Thats not just Best Buy. Any electronics place will rape you for a foot of coax.
Except Fye...  While they do stock some traditionally overpriced items, you can normally find generic for a realistic price...  Couple years ago I bought a pack of three 3' HDMI cables for under $10
Monoprice
So much for Fox standing their grounds on giant robots.
How did you manage to keep the water in when you nailed the bowl to the wall?
That's really chill of them.
Sorry for your loss
Go home, elephant! You're drunk!
Elephant - "Move b**** get out the way, get out the way"
it'll be like a pachydermal jurassic park scene when he finds out the oranges are in the 
Wow, that's an amazing set of balls you have for being so close to that guy.
u dont evren lift
 will cream themselves over this like i just did
You do amazing work. Do you take commissions? I'm interested...
Beautiful!.
My friend made some in college. Rosewood, Zebrawood, soapstone..
I still have many of them.  ;)
Brings me back to woodshop in HS, made some good money for my pipes.
I love the vintage feel of your workshop and the pipe turned out fantastic.
Thanks, I love old tools!.Here is a panorama of my shop, 
AMAZING!  
That's really interesting. Thanks for sharing!
I could not drink wine that peoples balls were chilling in. 
sorry to hear..
He looked like a boss. I hope you're coping ok :( Internet hugs all round.
Nice looking dog, looked like a happy one :)... sorry for your loss... :( 
He was! Thank you. 
Nice hat!
Not sure who that is.
The people who post these things seem to think that everybody shares the same interests that they do. Then they'll post something like "well it's X, of course!" and expect us to know who X is.
You people live under a rock. A very awesomeness deprived one at that.  It's Norman Reedus from boondock saints and the walking dead.  SMFH...
I've seen both Boondock Saints movies, and I still wouldn't have recognized him in that picture. He looks like a homeless person..It's really not that hard: "My girlfriend ran into our favourite redneck (Norman Reedus)". Then anybody who doesn't who who that is (like me) can Google the name if they want to.
Haha, that's exactly what this situation is like.
i also have this glass! My gfs parents had it in their basement bar. 
Came here looking for special moon-landing eyeglasses
That "moon landing" was a pretty good movie and everything, but I don't think it deserved commemorative glasses. 

My dad has one of those.
OMG my father used to work at Harrahs Club in Reno, we had a ton of these when I was a kid!
I need these.  Like, NOW!
i sooo want a set of these.. awesome!
Those are so cool.
My dad owns a pair of those cups too!
I guess you could call it... moonshine.
I remember going the gas stations that year and everyone had a different gimmick to get you to buy gas at $0.299 (29 9/10 cents) per gallon. I still have the cardboard 3D puzzle of the lunar lander.
You know, 'glasses' and such.
Id love a set of these. Off to Ebay I go. 

Fuck.  You bastards are going to make me pay WAY up for these. I was high bid at tree fiddy.
Best I can do is $3.75
Are we really still doing "Best I can do is"?
I got a buddy who knows all about these things.
You better call him in.
If a Russian ever challenges you to a drinking contest, bring these.
Those would go great with my Patented Space-Age Out of This World Moon Waffles!
Those moon waffles sound awesome.
Okay OP, name your price.
I see 'em going on Ebay pretty cheaply.
haha, I wish they were mine, but I left them there.
My mother in law also has like four of these her father gave her.
I just showed this to a friend at work and he said "they were allowed to drink on the moon? How did they get it in their helmet?" Hahaha
It's hard to believe but these glasses actually have more computing power than the lunar lander! 
Who was Clementine?
Probably a sunrise or sunset in late winter.. But great pic!
Midnight sun is  a fireball in the sky at midnight. That's just a sunset. .How do i know? I grew up in the far north of Norway, and used to wake up in the middle of the night from the sun shining on to my face..Once I woke up at 3, and thought it was afternoon. Everyone was still asleep. Then I noticed that the sun shined in to the living room from the north... So i had a good laugh and went to bed again. 
Pics like these need to be posted in hi-res too!
Is it really midnight sun? I can see snow among the houses. Midnight sun is around June and July. Don't think it's snowy except on the mountain tops in those months...
Looks beautiful, feels like shit.. especially when going to bed at 12 or 1
They were hissing loud enough to terrify me, until I pulled back the tarp (you can see it in the upper left corner) and realized what they were. .I was honestly expecting a snake mating ball. I was pleasantly surprised. 
What are they? Vultures?
Yup!
Where do you live?
Wichita, Kansas. We have a small population of vultures here. 
They are scary beasts for sure. Watch your back.
I was super worried about the mother coming back, since the only entrance/exit was at my back, luckily she didn't show up. .I won't go back in, since I don't want to overstress the youngins. 
Jesus! It's baby monster bird thingies from The Dark Crystal!!!! Excellent find!!!
Skeksis!
YES!!!  Good one! You remembered!!! :)
This is incredible, where in Michigan is this? I have to go.
It's near the South Haven and Fennville area. I've never been there myself, but after seeing the maze I'm going to have to go check it out.
There's currently a live stream on the front page of .. 
Note: I am not the owner of that photo. If you want to see more, use hashtags # #manezhnaya # #navalny in instagram.
Am I the only one who would buy cereal with internal organ shaped pieces?  Especially if it turned the milk pink/red?
Oh I'd be all over that; could call it "Frosted mini-organs" .Theeeeeeeeeeeey're PEOPLE!
Very cool. 
lame
Your Dad is awesome.
She was as good once as she'll ever be. 
I didn't even know it was a real place. Well, I guess it's really not since nothing about it is the same except for maybe the mound. 
That looks like some dank shit. 
Because there are enough of us who see it, NSFW tag please. 
bubbledick

she has a nice round mouth.
aaaaand that's my new phone background! thanks!
looks like we are at full health.
Atlas
She mastered the Spirit Ball!
" people of earth, lend me your energy....SO I CAN PARTY ALL DAY LONG ON VACATIONNNN WOOO SPIRIT BOMB SHOTS! "


The head looks like... well...
If only I could be so grossly incandescent.


The Sun is MINE!!!!!
Until I saw the enhanced photo of this, I couldn't tell if she was facing the sun or the camera. 
The head looks like .... A head!

anyone else just get real close to the monitor too? 
DAT AZZ
The head looks like .... A head!
A really lame Hippy-ster!
Her boobies are gunna get burned
Is it just me or does the head look like the tip of a penis??
This is really a rather amazing picture..Can anyone figure out how far away the photographer needed to be from the model to get that perspective?  My guess is that it was probably almost a kilometer.
I'm happy to volunteer to hug her. :).(fantastic shot btw)
He's gathering energy for a spirit bomb!
If you get lucky you may be in daft punk's new video.
Looks like Apocalypse Now.
That would make a nice poster.
Did you stay up all night to get lucky afterwards?
Why capitalize the word hug?
Is that Liu Kang?
8/10 would hug again
A little to the left, wait no too far.  Back to the right now tilt it clockwise a little.  Right there, don't move.
When did Goku cut his hair? 
Listening to you, I get the music.Gazing at you, I get the heat.Following you, I climb the mountain.I get excitement at your feet
that guy likes silhouettes.
SEE ME!
 "HURRY UP!"
Reminds me of the Apocalypse Now movie poster.
We're up all night to get lucky.
GENKIDAMA! (Spirit Bomb)
Awesome.
Looks like an ulver album
This makes Atlas look rather weak.
I guess we know she'll be getting lucky tonight
lol


if that was me this would totally be my facebook profile picture for the rest of my life.
Do you have a source for that beautiful photo? I would like to ask permission to use it.
It's called . and  was taken by 
It's the freaking SORAN ATTEMPTING TO ENTER THE Nexus!!!
Listening to you I get the music.

That bum!
Y U NO ZOOM?
SPIRIT BOMB!
That looks like some intense bubble gum.
Sun: Sorry but I only want to be friends
Ooooooh SUN BURNED!!!!
naked? is she naked? naked!? nakednakednakednaked!
This photo reminded me of this . from the film adaption of Tommy by The Who.
I must be the only one here who thought that this picture reminded me of those giants in Majora's Mask who stopped the moon from crashing into the world, except with the sun. o.o...
See if she feels the same way after global warming escalates; water resources become rare, biodiversity vanishes, crops fail, increased frequency of 90+ degree days and prolonged drought.
Somebody got lucky with that shot
SPIRIT BOMB!!!!
I want this foreverr.
dat ass
Looks like a big yellow afro
Can someone shop a face on the sun like its getting a BJ?
Workin' on it
Here ya go.Sorry if it's not too great. Still working on it
That looks great, I was just thinking more along the lines of this comic
Dat ass
I had to scroll down, but I knew this would be here.
Damn! TN-Panel... dont see sheet!
r/datgap
.....damn it lady.you missed out on a perfect recreation of atlas, holding up the sun rather than the earth
People of Earth.... Raise your hands right now!
Spirit bomb!!!!!
Where's the seal that yells gayyyy?  Just for the title.  Pictures cool
he's using the spirit bomb every body put your hands down 
The sun can see her tits... I'm jealous
This was originally a post called pulling down the sun  or something
We're up all night to get lucky.
'That girl is on fire'
Shorty fire burning on the sea shore
No no no! BABY'S on fire
Fie-YAAAA

Spirit Bomb!
"Look at you, holding your hands in the air like you just don't care. CARE DAMN IT!"
I just recently watched season's 1 and 2 of DBZ, and I came here to basically post the same thing. 
PRAISE THE SUN!
The Sun is like a magnificent father!
If only I could be so grossly incandescent...
\[T]/
Ah, Daft Punk has a new single.
No they dont? Fucking retard. Why would you bring them up anyway? They suck at rap



I don't think you get it....
Hey guys, if you look closely you can tell he's a troll.
Exactly!.Redditor for 1 year and 4 months... He should know better!
What did you say? Feed the troll? Okay!
That was not very nice.
 
I disagree.
I am glad I am not the only one that did some investigating to find out that!
Excellent work. I can always count on you guys to be way ahead of me. I saw the picture and came here to see if someone already put in the effort 
I was worried that I would be the only one to notice.
came here for Enhance, was not disappointed. 
I'm pretty certain I see a slight band around her back, so I'd dissent as well.
I caught that too - lol


I was expecting something related to the woman's head shaped like a dick
Enjoy!
that's....  actually quite a dick shaped head...
you're not funny
Its a lil funny
A repost, nonetheless but I will upvote it.
I don't eat green vegetables. I only eat meat, wheats, cheeses and sauces made of tomatoes and sugar. Is this seriously bad for me? I am not in great shape but not what any would consider bad from a glance.
Well it isn't very good for you. Fruit and vegetables should be part of any balanced diet.
And look, you have self confidence! It is true meat does a body okay. 
Is funny because central Ohio + carnivore = very fat
Vegan-curious?
Even wolves hunt in a pack. Goddamn everyone needs a friend. And there'll probably be a healthy (ha, but really more anemic) contingent of women in attendance.
Wait. Wut? Why do the women have less blood?
Women have a higher iron requirement (quite possibly because they bleed out so much iron every month...).And it's coming with the general assumption that vegans have lower iron levels.
not eating meat is commonly said to cause low red blood cells.  i dont know if its true, i'm lazy and too tired to look it up.
You know how hard it is being a vegitarian? It's so hard I SPELLED THE FUCKING WORD WRONG and my spell check has no fucking idea what I meant, that's how mother fucking hard it is god damnit show some god damn respect! My poop is predictable and enjoyable because I eat so many fucking plants.
Ooooh you know what everyone is buzzing about is the bean sprout quesidilla. 
That actually sounds delicious.
Wait, Cincinnati isn't . ... This is from the University of Cincinnati's campus back in '09.
Stop liking what I don't like?
LOL VEGETABLES ARE YUCKY!!!
Be careful with this .jpg OP, it's an antique.

Why would anyone feel the need to make vegans or vegetarians feel bad about their diet? Who gives a shit what they eat?
As a vegan, I can say a lot of vegans like the theory that it's because meat eaters feel guilty, being exposed to an alternative..Personally, I think it far more likely that it just boils down to the part where humans are really good at ragging on the "other" and vegans are a pretty small group (especially since a lot of vegans don't actually tell people they're vegan).
Game of OUCH!
King Julien!
Looks like a type of yucca plant. Those things could impale a man, no joke.
Um, I could be wrong, but I think it's a female, and I think it's pregnant, lol. But my education on these critters goes as far a Meerkat Manor, sooo..
This kinda looks like the meerkat exhibit at the Nashville Zoo that I used to work for..But I presume a lot of meerkat exhibits look like that.
Great eye! That's exactly where it was!
Ah, very nice then :) I'd still be there if I didn't move to NM, where I am now. I hope your visit was enjoyable and not too hot/humid (though I'm sure it was).
I certainly did enjoy it, but you're right. It's hot and humid :) I can't imagine NM is much cooler though...
He's obviously been watching Game of Thrones...
Poking Palmetto leaves..The fucks I give none. 
That is incredible. My wife took almost the exact same picture two days ago there. That is one of my favorite exhibits there because they are so chill.
I was actually gonna ask if it was a place in my country tbh. Looks very similar from what I can see. .Funny thing though... The enclosure at ours doesn't have a concrete bottom, so they tunnel out all the time. They generally just scurry around the place and look for food, not really bothered by people. I got really REALLY close to one and he didn't seem to even care that I was there.I took the liberty of uploading some pics from my last visit :D . (Probably less than a meter away in this picture)

Came here to say this too.
He does kinda resemble Joffrey
All Hail King Julian!
We got to move it move it!
happy gayke day!
You could bake it with semen next time.  I'm just saying, you said you ran out of ideas...
Did you make that? Colour me impressed! Looks good :)
This is a handsome one, probably the nicest I have seen, but for the love of god why would some one eat such a thing? Purple food coloring? Ouch, my kidneys.
I hope you made this. If not, i got some pitch forks ready to go.
He didn't..-----E there you go.
Rainbow cake is easy. Make zebra cake next.
Nyan Cake?
I would say that cake is at least 20% cooler than other cakes

IT'S A LIE
Tie- dye theme cake? (If possible) 
Super easy, just pour different colored cake batter on top of itself into a cake pan. Don't mix it. Bake it. They just look difficult to make. I usually just use boxed white cake mix to make it even easier..Here's a ., because I'm not so good with words.
Yawn, rainbow cake. Wake me up when you do a supernova cake. Psh. 
Why would purple food coloring hurt your kidneys?
Wife me immediately.
 Haha, I get it.
Let's not post cakes anymore 
I'm gonna assume you didn't make that as I found it o. Google images with a watermark for pixelated crumb on it 
ending scene from terminator 2
Hand me my longboard
Right out of a movie.
Where was this taken?

According to Google Reverse Image Search, it is a Himalayan Road in Tibet
That's an amazing shot.
If you're a fish and you can't swim, you're gonna have a bad time.
this is why humans where given science. 
i touched the butt
Link to the article and other pictures:
Natural selection. Let them die.

Those are breathtaking..
Very nice shots. Are most of these touched up or stock? I do not know much about photography, I am just wondering.
Sorry, I didn't make it clear in the title. This picture was taken at Germantown High School, one of the public schools that was closed this year.
Pin this on Obama instead of Pennsylvania or Congress or the effects of lobbyism or any number of things and people:  Sure, why not
No, you made it clear. Everything that goes wrong in the world is Obama's fault.
Thanks, Obama.
More like, thanks Corbett!
Yeah, and the . prison project that Corbett put in place because you know we can't afford to keep those schools open, or go from larger -> smaller rather than smaller -> larger school consolidations..TL;DR: Kids that went to . schools can go to prison instead! 
Aha cute!
I was just in Jamaica and found a crab similar on the beach..a tad bigger. I picked it up and it clawed at me..Also, Jamaica is beautiful. Hope you're enjoying!
And what was the prostitute's name?
Mr. Crabs
 sorry i have a disorder.
I closed my eyes. And for a few seconds i was a duck.
The difference 1 letter replaced can make
Now I want to be that duck.
Be a good day to be a duck
i have never been so jealous of a duck

Yep, I read that wrong...
Man, I didn't realize how much disappointment misreading one vowel can bring.
took me a moment....
I heard she loves the duck. Like, she can't get enough duck.
i'd smack that until I was nothing but a husk upon then I would then be blown away by the wind....
Lucky duck
Shut up Meg...

 
What happened, car break down?.But that is stunning.

Hehe, actually I was driving a work vehicle and my co-worker was following me. I lost him at a light so I quickly pulled over to the side of the road. Looked to my right, saw this tree trunk, and a voice in my head whispered, "."..I've probably driven past it over 50 times and never noticed it before. 
my friend just started doing this in colorado. interesting work indeed.
Sleeping?  Looks like he's talking on the phone....Not tied?  What's the rope that goes from the opening on the right to his waist?
The camera guy, not the guy sitting down... 
Point taken...
I found this great scenic piece at a local thrift store. I fell in love with the possibilities. Here's how I found it, and Stage 1 of "collaborating" with the other artist. 
That is one of the most fantastic things I have ever seen. 
Gosh golly gee.  Thanks!  It was fun.  I'm gonna add a few more things here and there.  But that's mighty fine praise in the mean time.
If you did this with other paintings, I would love to buy one. 
Awesome!!   This is the first I've done like this(collaborative art.)  But it turned out so well i must make more.  If you want want you can check out some other stuff I've done here:  .  
Is that Rory in pic number 2? 
This is one of the coolest albums i've seen in awhile
I'm a little surprised no one has complained about sexism in the photos, yet.
This is a very creative marketing campaign and very well done, but people are discussing blowing up,cars instead.  Classic tangents...
Seth Rogen on that last one? 
Some poor kid is going to grow up thinking that is how these machines really operate
Can anyone find the original pics?.This seems to have the logo badly pshopped over it. .Tineye didn't seem to help
I'm pretty sure the guy playing the arcade game is Rory Williams from Doctor who.
The lady working in the ATM is the only happy looking one there..It's telling that apparently she's also the only one that didn't go to jobsintown.de.
and the times dictate that you are lucky enough to get/keep a job at all..Beggars cant be choosers.
ATM girl. Oh! Uh oh.
Why are Europeans always dressed so much better than us?
Work is work and you never turn down a job!
hello atm lady......wanna kill all humans??
Its depressing then that someone always has to do the undesirable job isnt it?
This must be one of the most creative campaigns of Ambient Marketing I have ever seen. ... Also, I'm actually learning the things I study. Shoot.
On the second to last photo. I don't think smoking is the best idea for that  man.
I'm getting the claustraphobic wimwams just looking at these.
Seth Rogen really took a fall.
I became claustrophobic looking at these pictures...
These remind me of Movie 43. 
Motivation for me to work more on my cover letter :-)

I love these! 
This makes me feel claustrophobic. 
This is witty & I love it haha
The washing machine one is kind of sad...
Guy processing the photos is Ben from Renford Rejects
The dude under the kid kind of gives of the wrong impression
I just got done with first year German, but can someone help me with properly pronouncing falschen? 
Please and thank you.
The girl in the ATM doesn't seem unhappy. She actually looks pretty hot
Um...was that a cigarette vending machine?
Only if there was a nice circular slot about waist level for that office girl inside the ATM if you know what I mean haha giggity
Nice! i lol'ed at the last one
Does that man in the gasoline tank have a cigarette in his mouth? 
ATM chick is hot.  I'd pay a fee for that 
I can imagine a future confession kid meme about this campaign. "When i was a kid... i thought people worked inside machines". 
That is incredible advertising! 
I don't think they're demonizing the jobs as much as they are demonizing shitty working conditions. You can of course have a great life with blue collar jobs but shitty working conditions should always be unacceptable. 
Is that Bo Burnham in the photo booth?
Post this to r/advertising, they will love it!
What if one day, computer technology becomes do expensive that all of these become real jobs?
Silly people. They .. We already invented machines for  that!
The laundry one is just sad..Also, I would totally bend that girl over the jukebox.
At first glance, most of these look like they are sexually servicing the person standing in front of the machine in some bizarre way....
I wonder if any kids really got confused by this...
It makes me happy to know that at least the accountant/teller stuck in the ATM gets a work out pedal-powering the toy machine :)
I'd put my dick in that ATM
If my job was to pretend to be a mario game life would be sweet...
Why is the gas station guy smoking?
Is the guy in the last picture making cigarettes?
I've been trying to get the right job for a while. Sigh.
And not a minority in sight
Reminds me of the Flintstones.
The Guy in the terminal scanner seems to not having noticed the giant spider in the corner... I would not be in such a small room with such a big spider D:
Every photo is amazing. So creative. 
Honestly that ATM job doesn't seem so bad. I can sit in a little room playing a game all day and every once in a while give someone money and I don't even have to talk to them.
Movie 43 does a short similar to this but it is with children. 
Number 9 looks like Bo Burnham
Clearly the bank teller should be in porn.
I don't think I've seen a better call for automation, and the eventual adoption of a post scarcity market.
The pretty lady in the ATM doesn't look like she minds her job at all, I guess it was better than stripping, haha who am I kidding nothing's better than stripping. 
Id hot box all of them.
reminds me of the episode of friends where joey thought there was a little man inside the answering machine talking to you
I didn't know there was a young Tom Hanks in every jukebox.
These are absolutely outstanding... The only thing that would have made these more awesome is if someone made them into gifs.
TIL I need to reevaluate my job and goals. 
WHY CAN'T WE HAVE THINGS LIKE THIS IN THE US?!?!
The third girl looks pretty happy. I think they're saying 'go into finance.'
Life is too short for reposts.
i hope through this people can see how close german and english are structurally..in fact, one could argue they are two languages of the same people as anglo saxons were a germanic tribal people that migrated to and invaded today britain, which used to be inhabitated by the irish, welsh and scotts.
I was sure if I kept scrolling I'd see a glory hole.
This reminds me of a book by Seth Godin called Linchpin. .Truth abounds! 

Wouldn't mind working in the ATM if it meant that girl was my coworker.
Would like to withdraw the teller form the ATM in the 3rd photo... =D
That guy probably shouldn't be smoking...
ATM lady looks pretty happy - I think she found her true calling...
Fascinating! Not one scribble of graffitti. Your culture is much advanced, intelligent, and wise.
Didn't see the guy underneath the kids' truck at first and thought that was the only believable one, like, "Yeah, that kid is way too young to be a truck driver." 
FTFY: "Life is too short for a job."
Why is the girl from The Ring washing clothes? 
But then who will do the jobs that nobody wants to do?
I would feel really guilty using these machines. 
THERE'S A SPIDER INSIDE THE AIRPORT SECURITY ONE!
I'd bang the accountant chick in the 3rd picture.
I thought the kid was working.
Reminds me of . in Men In Black 2.
The URL to this gallery is just the middle part of "Beowulf" so close....
He's smoking while in a confined space with gasoline...hmmmm
Title is kind of fitting for me..I have been managing a McDonald's for over 3 years.I put my two weeks notice in and my last day is Sunday..I read a lot of peoples comments on reddit, out of curiosity.I notice a lot of people are really depressed, angry, sad that they can't find a job.I have a job, and I am all of the above..I have begun to hate every second of my life, all because of my job.Life IS too short for the wrong job.Don't waste it being unhappy.
It's also too short for gawking at ads. 
Movie 43?
Now I feel bad for those early years I spent in the arcade
easy to say in Germany. the US things are slightly different.
I knew Germany was prosperous, but I never thought it was so prosperous that people would look down on bank tellers.
Someone's gotta do it
I like that the second one is a space invaders machine but he's holding Mario characters. His job may suck, but he sucks it right back. 
All of these pictures are taken at the perfect angle... and that last guy is creepy.
one of these things is not like the other..
Yet my town doesnt even have ONE job available atm for me... let alone anything close to the right one. Would be a godsend to get a dishwashing position in this hellhole
Seth Rogan stares you down while rolling your smokes.
Machines: they're full of kids.
love how the guy pumping gas is smoking a cig lol    
I resent the first pic. .I am content inside my room-shaped coffee dispenser.
If someone pasted an ad on an original Space Invaders machine, they need to get slapped really hard.
I will never be able to withdraw cash from the bank again without seeing that image.
Cool
I feel like the guy under the little kids ride would scare kids away. 
I'd give pic 3 a job if you know what I mean
These ads literally make no sense...is that the point? What was the video game one supposed to be ....a Mario character, that one made least sense of all. 
I'm only here for like 2 1/2 month and that's like the 15th time this album is posted. -.-
The chic in the ass-to-mouth looks pretty comfy. I'd take that seat. 
I don't care- but this is a repost
Glad I'm not the only one that thought this. Still wondering what the outside machines purpose would be for.. wait.. 
Yes, "haha" and all, but these webs deliver exactly that.
fall shen
Karmadecay shows it was posted once before 1 month ago at 0 points and not the full album. 
then karmadecay is wrong
Then provide links to where you've seen this on reddit before. Your claim is  supportable if true and meaningless without proof to back up your claim.
Yeah, one sec, I gonna dig through a few million posts ...  .No, actually, I won't..
I really don't care if you think 'my claim is supportable' or not.  
But you surely care to keep posting about it though. Give it up man, life is too short to worry about reposts.
Mike Row would not approve.
protip: leave
 
did he though?
Delicious repost. Still upvoted.
I saw this years ago.
I was about to point that out, smoking around all that petrol... might not be the best idea.
I would put my penis in that ATM...
yeahyuppuhuhyeasitissureisyesitisyeaupthatitismyfriend!
The last guy looks like he rolling a joint
That are cigarretes
No those are coins 
That is change, the automate is selling cigarettes though
Oh ok I understand now 
Maaaybe you spend too much time here.
That's very much possible.
Some jobs just need to be done. Some people are born less lucky than others. 
exactly...no shit doesn't everyone want to work at a job they love?....but there are circumstances and obligations...and not everyone is lucky enough to have an option.
just brilliant!
Step aside...i'm breaking into the ATM!
Most of us don't have a choice.
Why is Bo Burnham inside of the photo machine
There's a whole comedy sketch around that:

Suricate, as always. Those dudes make us, french speakers, proud on reddit.
I would gladly stick my penis in the atm if I knew what was on the other side.
one of these is not like the others...
Awkward Russian guy trying to pick up the broad inside the ATM by making a hefty withdrawal?
er - the atm chick? smiling?
Yeah, and you could miss the joke too, that's fine.
oooh i got a Sorry IMG not found: thatsthejoke.jpg
Whoops! Sorry, guess I need to work on my joke-image linking.
I LOVE the fact the TSA one is on there. It was the WORST JOB EVER!
This makes me feel really claustrophobic... 
Yes little Timmy, if you don't work hard in school you'll end up working inside this cramped little machine.  They got carried away with a little idea that was bullshit to begin with.
that man really shouldn't be smoking while he's pumping gas. 
Oh yeah?  Go throw a lit cigarette on a small puddle of gasoline some time.  Static spark from getting in/out of a fueling car is much more risky.
Isn't it the fumes that catch fire? Fumes which that teeny tiny pump with crappy ventilation would be full of?
Yes.  But gasoline fumes still have a flash point temperature which I'm sure a cigarette ember doesn't reach.
Gotta light that cigarette somehow
The washing-machine one doesn't work very well. On all the other machines, the actual mechanism is hidden quite well from the end user, so the fantasy that there's actually a person inside making it all work will bring a smile..But on a .? You can see how it works. Suspension of disbelief fails.
Should've had her spinning the barrel while awkwardly holding a bucket of water and getting her footsies wet, or something like that. 
Guy is playing Super Mario on a Space Invaders cabinet.
With Pacman ghosts on the ground.
Seems legit. 

Thank you. 
Awesome!
I had no idea this exists.
Thank you stranger.
Wtf is going on in the arcade one, I thought he was attempting a bit of auto erotic asphyxiation at first, looks like he was hanging himself and had the fleshlight in his hand ready to start pumping 
OMG the waitress!
 
That dude's not stuck in a bad job, he's just trying to serenade her!
The jukebox guy: Tom Hanks Jr
Collin Hanks?
Good thing machines replaced all those jobs!
Disagree with this sort of advertising. This kind of ideology has led to the current skill gap in Western Society. We have an incredible amount of teachers, business majors, and people with Arts/Science undergraduate degrees being pumped out of for-profit Universities and no one can find a job in their field..Then you have companies who need specialized trades, like heavy equipment maintenance, hydro/electrical work, etc, who are BEGGING for people. They have dozens of positions available and cant fill anything. Even when they give interviews to the kid with a Polisci undergraduate they can't pass the interview test that requires basic math skills. Meanwhile the maintenance job will pay out more than double what most office internships will pay..Mike Rowe (Dirty Jobs) said it best, we are demonizing blue collar work as stupid, or meaningless professions, thereby discouraging the youth from learning practical trade skills and encouraging them to get an ambiguous arts degree. Higher education is important, but for a largely majority of people its just that. It isnt employment preparation in anyway.
German Universities are (mostly) free.
The problem isn't the category of the degree or the "for-profit" universities, but rather that government subsidies have made it short run cheaper to go to college to get any degree than to enter the work force. This causes students to rush in and out with degrees that they like and are easy rather than working either towards a specific goal or just plain working. Also most college degrees are from state run universities, and most students get money for college from the state. In economics that's called a false demand.

Yeah we just had a few threads about that, weird timing on these ads.
There is no fucking skills gap. If you offer a high enough wage someone will take the job, basic economics. What they are complaining about is not getting high quality workers for low-prices.
There is a difference between a shitty job and a dirty blue collar job.
Sources?
I think the point of the campaign is not about white vs blue collar, but about finding the RIGHT job for you. Without speaking German and relying on Google's translation, it appears that the website that's being advertised matches your skills with the right employers. So this would fit with that idea..It just so happens that the jobs that can best be used to depict this claustrophobic feeling of being stuck in the wrong job happened to be typically blue collar jobs. I wouldn't, however, call photography, mid-level finance, music, etc to be blue collar jobs and they're prominently featured in the campaign as well.
Marionette. .A Super Marionette. 
But the cabinet says space invaders
Every time I put Mario in my phone in a text, it auto-corrects it to Marionette. I don't know who the hell would use that word that often.
Its possible that Im the only one who would actually prefer to work alone in these conditions.
for 6 hours a day atleast, 6 days a week ?
Who the fuck only works 6 hours a day? That's 36 hours in 6 days. I make that in 3 days.
Give me a mini TV and a mini fridge in there and Im happy.
Buuuuullshiiiiiiiiiiit. Even if you don't realize it.
these are cool but to be honest i dont really get the message here...dont get a job inside of an atm? 
Let me guess; you're American?
Don't get a job which can be done by a machine?.So basically... Design machines. 
I dunno, the atm chick looked pretty psyched to be there. The rest, on the other hand...
That one lacks the logo of the campaign.  And there is a second ATM photo with a man. 
Definitely, it's cool but wha..?
Perhaps machines taking our jobs? 
or humans taking the machine's jobs?
Life is too short for a job.
basically - yes..theses are ads for a german internet platform, that helps you to find a job which you like and thats interresting etc. your life im simply too short and too precious to be wasted on these shitty jobs
I don't think that's what they meant to convey at all, I think it's meant to be a metaphor. The people on the posters are physically 'trapped' in these little confined spaces, boxes, in the same way that many people feel metaphorically 'trapped' in jobs they don't like. 
It's not saying that the jobs being depicted are bad, it's just that ATMs, petrol pumps etc. happen to be suitable advertising platforms because they are in a public space. 
you guys didn't get the ad. those jobs don't really exist. The message is simple: Find a job that you like. If that is possible doesn't matter. Most of advertising is not possible and just fake!
The idea of those ads is fucking great.
Maybe you did not get the repls? The jobs in the ad are just symbols for shitty low skilled jobs. We (well at least I) decided to go with this version. Though everyone knows that no one hands them the money at an atm.
Edit: the displayed non existing fakejoba are just a hyperbel for jobs you dont like and hence should not waste your precious time on
I wonder if it'll help you find jobs that will sponsor you for a work visa...
go ahead and ask them. On their webpage you can find a litle [kontakt] button where you can ask all your questions. If you need more help, for example with translations a general infos, go a head and shoot me a pm
Which is a major problem.  We tell our children that these jobs are terrible and not worth pursuing, causing these jobs to be in high demand.  Then immigrants come and are like "Whoa, i get treated how well and paid how much to do this?!".  Lastly, the citizens point at the immigrants and complain about them taking all the jobs..We need people willing to work in shit no-skill jobs for a few years of their life in order to have a healthy economy.  If no one picks the food, there is no food or food prices skyrocket in order to make the job attractive enough.
Like that first one seems to imply that serving coffee is some terrible job. If it was, would we have thousands of Americans spending four years or more to get degrees in Art History of European Literature just so they can work at Starbucks?
Shit no-skill jobs are perfect for robots. Hopefully there will come a day where no one needs to work those shitty no-skill jobs.
So you can't see the whole picture? Look at the god damn working environmet and at the expression of the "workers". It's not implying that its a BAD job it's implying that the woman does not seem to be happy and choose the wrong job... 
Why can't people just take it as a whole, but picking on everything they can..
People complaining are the problem, not the immigrants. 
Yes, and they're being told this complaining is acceptable by advertisements like this one and promises by society and authority figures.  .While I disagree with communism as a whole, asking people to give a couple years of their lives to shitty work seems like a good idea sometimes (until you try thinking about implementation, then it falls apart)
Why not just work hard and study to get a good job and let less qualified people, immigrants for example, do the less desirable work?.I fail to see how pursuing higher education and avoiding shitty jobs is a problem, except for xenophobes. 
If everyone is trained to do the superior jobs, you have well trained people in loads of debt working shit jobs for the rest of their lives..Jobs are a finite resource.  Not everyone gets what they want.  It would be easier to manage their expectations rather than promise them the world and give them some dirt..You could argue that the best get the jobs they want.  You could argue that second best is the first loser.  But more likely than not your kids and your relatives and your friends are among the second best, or worse.
Where do you get that from? I thought you didn't go with that communism thing? .People who are well educated will . have an easier time providing services to other people. Either by directly working for them or starting their own business. 
And everyone becomes an investment banker?
That sounds less like intention and more like bad planning.
It's not about getting better paying, highly skilled jobs, it's about getting a job you enjoy. You could be making $200k a year and hate your job, and be much happier working in a sandwich shop at near minimum wage.
I took away the message of "Life is too short to be wasting on a job you don't enjoy". 
I don't see how it's logistically possible for everyone to have a job they like. 
Most of advertising doesn't reflect the possible and is fake! It's about the idea of those ads.
Technology has slowly but surely eliminated menial jobs for a century now. It appears to be picking up pace. A bad job is an uncreative, repetitive job. That's generally what people don't want. Such jobs lend themselves very well to automation, which is by nature, uncreative and repetitive. .ence the growth of creative and tech industries. Essentially, people want creativity in their jobs, and the exclusion of mundanity. Capitalism actually eliminates these jobs as it values labour highly, and as a result automates everything that can be. Technology will just increase the amount of jobs that can be automated, and reduce the amount of 'bad' jobs..Whether society can adapt by creating jobs that essentially act to redistribute this productive power, or whether it will collapse remains to be seen.
If you allow the option of brainwashing, it suddenly becomes a lot more feasible.
everyone has different likes/wants, and there are literally billions of people on the planet?
Robots. We get them to do the shitty jobs, everyone else has hobbies. .But if we make the robots too smart, they might take over all the science jobs and make all the discoveries before we can. Then, some years after the singularity, we find out there's literally nothing left for us to discover, and humanity spends the rest of its span consuming entertainment. Entertainment produced by robots, because they'd be better at it..So we'll have to make dumb robots, I guess. But then people still have to do the science jobs, and what if we get lazy?! Then we'd all die of bacterial infections because no one got around to dealing with the antibiotic resistance problem. 
alternate solution: make a brain-computer link so that I am the machine that is smarter than any human.
I don't like this solution. How about if I'm the one with the brain-computer link instead?
Mmm... not sure that I totally agree with you. I think that a large problem with a lot of low paying jobs is precisely that they're low-paying. I worked slinging coffee, I've had friends who have done waitressing, bank telling, retail work, and we've all either known people or been those people who honestly don't mind the job or maybe even like it, and were good at what they did. The problem is not the actual job, but the shitty pay and lack of respect both from customers or coworkers. .I think it's really sad that in the modern day we're all taught to aspire to (largely) college-level occupations that realistically not everyone can have, and a lot of times people look down on labor or customer service jobs. As a result we have people who are arguably doing some of the most important work for a company (crunch all the numbers you want upstairs, if your staff in the front window aren't being good to the customers, if your trash cans and bathroom and kitchen start piling up with shit, you will probably notice a difference in your profits and customer satisfaction)..We're fighting a losing battle though. I doubt we could ever get to a point where the server at McDonald's or cashier at Wal Mart (of course I pick those two, right?) will get even a decent wage, let alone a rewarding one. And people complain when some half-wit, pimple-faced teenager or a grumpy middle-aged working mom or immigrant with a limited vocabulary screws up their order of curly fries. But with the current system, who else is going to get these jobs? No one. 
The workers in those jobs aren't producing enough at the margin to be paid good wages. 
Wrong.  The supply of workers is to large for their productivity to be accurately reflected in their pay.
Speaking as a chronic wage worker, most of the time we aren't paid enough to put forth the extra effort required to increase profits. And even if we consistently do, we're lucky to get told we did a good job, much less see any benefit from it. 
Solution: have a death lottery of low-skilled workers. Cull %75 of them. Voila, demand remains constant, supply dwindles, so higher wages. .Alternatively you could let the current workers form unions and %75 of the other workers from having any hope of competing for the jobs, again, demand remains constant,  but effective supply dwindles, and  higher wages ensue for the %25 of workers who have the jobs. .Not sure what happpens to the %75 of workers who are potential scabs in the latter scensario, at least they're allowed to live I guess. 
It's not possible. 
These make me feel claustrophobic 
i'm scared of santa too
Lol in the German version Spongebob says that Thaddus (the German name of squid ward) is afraid of the name Klaus (from the word klaustrophibisch) and then Patrick proceeds to say "Klaus! Klaus! Klaus!" to squid ward. I must say, the English version is funnier.
...
Stop that! You are scaring him! :D
Your words say "no", but your face says "ho ho ho".
Don't forget . lovely addition to the campaign. 
Now we need a gif of them all backing cautiously away.
Story of my career.
That is exactly really disturbing. 
Maybe they're going in to kiss some ass. 
Or sprinting. 
Ha!  What are they entering that is painted like an asshole?
It was simply placed on a commuter tunnel in Germany. I'd change my route.
I think it's pretty funny, and it's also sad to think that something similar would never happen in the US because people would complain about it being offensive and demand that it be taken down. Like what happened to a place near where I live where a business owner put up a sign in front of their business that said "I built this business without gov't help, Obama can kiss my ass."
The "Your Momma Joke Convention".

And yet, it's a pleasantly hairless ass.
3rd picture with the girl in the ATM seems out of place. not to mention that she looks to be enjoying her terribly claustrophobic job.
She takes the money
There is also no branding on the image...
pretty sure that image is a shop, but not sure about the rest of them
Personally I enjoyed the hot ATM teller. Simply because, I mean, come on, she's pretty hot.
I noticed that too
As someone who works on the insides of atms I can confirm she looks way too happy.
Do you work at the same atm all the time or do you get rotated through different sites?
I repair them so I go to different sites. The midgets that hand out the cash generally work at one site though. They do complain a lot, we still haven't got any models with working plumbing. So they usually have to poop in a bucket and carry it out at the end of their shift.
It's because she's sexy and she knows it.  
tOO SEXY FOR THE TOP BUTTONS ON HER BLOUSE. rOWWWR!
Also the fact that the ATM has Cyrillic characters on it while the rest of them are German. And that it's missing the logo of the company behind this campaign.
That's bank of Kazan,   ,  tatarstan,  Russia. 
it's not part of the campaign, it's somethign the bank did. 
The guy in the printer at my work is shitty at his job.
Shove some pizza into the paper feeder 
I don't know banker girl looks happy....
Kind of wish it was an ATM/prostitution machine.
All that job is taking the A and M out of ATM, so there are tens of thousands of people who are happy with that job. 
I actually think I would like that job, albeit an ATM is a little small for me.  My favorite jobs have always been when I deal with money, because it's so precise and you are either right or wrong.
i love your certainty and assuredness about something you like and are good at. I wish I felt that way about anything.
Try working with money.  House counts were always like super awesome when you got to the correct amount, down to the penny, on the first try.  I do remember one time when it took two of us like 1.5 hours to finally get the checks to add up to the amount we should have had on hand.   That was frustrating.
That one is an ad by that particular bank, not part of the same advertising campaign as the others for an employment company. The same bank logo from the front appears on the wall beside her in the photo.
made by a german advertising agency. 
 
Banker girl is making me happy
Guy in picture with banker girl is making me happy. 
The girl using the jukebox makes me happy.
Waitress?
Why is that?
She's pretty, that's all.
Oookkkaaay..Gotcha.
Thought the same fucking thing....has to be her!
I thought the same thing
Please deposit penis into slot
Directions unclear, slot stuck in penis
 . . . .Orgasm complete, have a nice day!
I wish they had machines like that, just a long line of dudes waiting for their turn.
Courtesy of Japan. ._ Of course Japan, who the fuck else would make something like this...
Like your mom's house on an average Tuesday?
Wednesday is BOGO
Bring Other Guys Over?
That works as well
Guy nervously tapping his watch, im going to be late my boss is gonna kill me.

This gif makes me happy
Source please?

I'm not a rapper.
Thats a very nicely looped gif.
And the comment cycle is complete.
 the comment cycle is complete.
Look at the upper right corner
I see where it's looped. but it's very nicely done.
Finally a use for my flat penis!
Until you clog the machine when you try to make a withdrawal..... 
Finally someone who can flip these pancakes! 
Banker girl is a shitty photoshop that isn't a part of the campaign.
shes the only woman there not preparing food or washing
Those bastards 
Looks like it. The ATM is for a Russian bank and in a Russian location (background signs) the ad campaign is in German. It has no "jobsintown.de" on the side
Bank of Kazan in Tatarstan, Russia.
I love how the dude pumping the gas is smoking inside the pump.
..yeah, he shouldn't be doing that, he doesn't deserve that job, putting people in danger like that.
NSFW 
I do IT for a bus company and they have a computerised pump. Sometimes I have to go reboot it..Every single time their people are fueling up, they're smoking....
came here to say this! have an upvote!
Get some originality
"life is too short, lets make it shorter" 
If that was in the US some idiot would call the police because it's too dangerous. 
You really provided great insight
You know what happens if you throw a cigarette into a bucket of gas?
Nothing actually, the cigarette goes out.
It goes out. But there's a chance it might catch the fumes if you let it smoke around the same bucket for too long.

There's a possibility it can light the fumes on the way down. Few years ago one of my neighbors was working on his car and had a big plastic tray full of gas and didn't know what to do with it. It was too dirty to put back in the car. So he and this other guy were debating burning it off and had the bright idea of adding water. They thought if you mix gas & water, it will dilute the gas and thus not cause as big of a flame when you light it. .Long story short, they learned gas & water do not mix. They also learned that if you try burning gas in a plastic container by throwing a lit cigarette on it, the resulting fire will start to melt the plastic container. If the container is on an incline, the fire will eventually breech the side of the container and start flowing down hill like a waterfall in hell. This is especially bad if your house is at the bottom of said incline.
So much was learned that day! Sounds like a great day!

That sounds suspiciously like drunk logic.
He wants to die
Beats working.
It puts out the cigarette.
Some Men just Want to watch the world explode
offtopic, but actually atleast one type of fuel does exactly that, the one used for the SR-71. It had to have a very high flashing point to handle the extreme temperatures of mach 3. in the trials they threw a match in it and it put it out.
Yup. JP8 does the same. It's diesel used in most military vehicles. The fumes however...
You can throw a lit match into regular jetfuel, diesel, or fuel oil. And it will go out.
Ah, JP8. The jet fuel close to kerosene that somehow works great as a diesel fuel. JP8 is great stuff!
Bleh jp8 is hydrogenated goo left over from making diesel.. nasty stuff.
I agree with you both. Great stuff because we use it in just about everything... John Deere tractor? Check. 6 wheel gator? Check. AH64D Apache Longbow? Check. M1 Abrams tank? Check. (I think. The Abrams. Uses the same motor as the apache, so it Gould use the same fuel.).Nasty stuff because it always leaks and I smell like it and it won't wash out and it burns dirty and there is soot on everything and bleh. 
Gas does too. You can put out lit cigarettes and matches in a bucket of gasoline. I was serious.
do you know how many kids are going to blow themselves up today? ITS GONNA BE FUCKIN AWESOME!
Shit, you can throw a lit match into a bucket of fuel oil or diesel.  I'm pretty sure if you put a lit match into a bucket of room temp gasoline it will light the vapor on fire.  The flash point of gasoline is -40.  So only one it gets down to -40 can you take a lit match around gasoline.
Assuming the gas (like vapor/fumes) doesn't get ignited before the cigarette reaches the liquid.
Yep. Without oxygen, the gas won't ignite, and there's no oxygen once you break the surface. That being said, you can definitely still light the gas if you hold the cigarette right at the surface.
No.  A cigarette is not an open flame, and will not ignite gas vapors.
You don't need an open flame to ignite gas vapors. With the correct air mixture a spark or heat will ignite gas fumes.
a spark is very high temperature. . high temperature. This is why a spark can ignite shit that heat might not.
as seen here

This. Liquid petroleum is not (dangerously) flammable, it's only dangerous because it's volatile (evaporates easily and forms a vapour on the surface).
Cigarettes as Lighters.
We have seen a controlled experiment where a lit cigarette was introduced into a mixture of a few drops of gasoline and pure oxygen. The result: a very loud explosion, so....Before proceeding further we want to emphasize that under the right circumstances a cigarette can ignite gasoline with horrific results..Lighting puddles of gasoline with cigarettes in movies is a common device. The character takes a few puffs and tosses the glowing cigarette in the puddle. Immediately, the gasoline ignites. However, numerous readers have written us saying it isn't so. Some cited experiences where they saw it attempted. Others said that cigarettes don't get hot enough..We searched the web and found several sites that say the glowing tip of a lit cigarette is well above the autoignition temperature of gasoline. Normally this information would have convinced us, but as mentioned before, some of the people writing in seemed to have personal experience. Finally, we decided to conduct an experiment..We poured a very small amount of gasoline in an aluminum pie pan or slightly deeper cake pan and placed it in the middle of a concrete slab. The pie and cake pans were chosen because they allowed the gasoline to spread out into a very shallow puddle the way it would if spilled on the ground. It also pretty much guaranteed that the vapors at some point above the pan would mix enough with air to form an ignitable mixture...
We lit a cigarette and tossed it into the pan. The cigarette paper wicked up gasoline and quenched the glowing tip without igniting anything (see Figure 4). We tossed in more lit cigarettes. We tried lighting gasoline soaked paper towels. We used long tongs for reaching far away objects to hold glowing cigarettes over the pan at various heights. More than once we placed several glowing cigarettes in the pan (see Figure 5). Our record was 40 glowing cigarettes at one time. In most cases, we allowed the glowing cigarettes to smolder until they went out..Various experiments were conducted at different times of the day with different air temperatures and humidity. A total of 223 cigarettes of 11 different types were eventually used all without ever igniting the gasoline. Yet, at the end of each experimental session the gasoline was successfully lit using a single match attached to a long pole (see figures 6 and 7). The gasoline would typically ignite just before the match touched it. This indicated that there was an ignitable mixture above the surface of the gasoline. Numerous lit cigarettes were in this region for significant periods of time..We knew that puffing a cigarette would increase the tip's temperature substantially and would help mix vapor and air together. We became convinced that puffing a cigarette over the gasoline would cause it to ignite. To test it, we built a simple smoking apparatus which could draw air through the cigarette or push it backwards out the tip..We tested the apparatus repeatedly in both modes without getting ignition. During a test a cigarette was consumed rapidly and glowed brightly. Often sparks shot or fell off the cigarette. They were smoked at various levels above the gasoline to insure that at least part of the time they were in a region with an ignitable mixture. Surprisingly, even when a cigarette was puffed it didn't ignite the gasoline..As mentioned earlier, we stand firm that under the right circumstances cigarettes can ignite gasoline, however, tossing a lit cigarette into a puddle of gasoline, as is done in many movies, is not a reliable way to do it..If you want additional information about the reason why cigarettes are not a reliable ignition source please check out our book..Experiments described above were conducted in a safety conscious manner under the supervision of a qualified professional with years of experience in handling dangerous materials. Do not attempt them on your own..Tl;DR Not lighting gas vapors with a cigarette unless you are in very specific circumstances
Even without gas, a lit cigarette will light pure oxygen. I think that means it's safe to say that a cigarette won't light gas under any NORMAL circumstances.
...is that you, Adam?
No way my job sucks too much.
Hey you said without gas.

You could have just watched mythbusters....
Source please?
Sorry about that. 

I see no problem there.
Let's not get all heated over this.
Well that ran out of gas quick.

you know their fake lol, prolly like posters or something. commenting so i can repost it in a month with a better title.
FTFY
Dammit, Ferd! I'm still not over this whole Santa Clause ordeal, and now you pull this on me?! You just have to ruin everything!
WHOOOOOSH
Youre so smrt Ferd. I didnt evn relize!
Nothing gets by you, Ferd.
Seriously guys I have been a serious rediter for 392 days now. This wouldn't fly back then. 
Restore Redit please
That was the most depressing attempt at a pun thread I've seen in all my time on reddit.

And it wasn't even . bad!
This usually works...

I was so sure that it was gonna blow up . time!!!
I was expecting ..
Real quality intro on this channel lol
The production value is overwhelming. 
I don't understand...
He used a lighter to light the fumes coming out of his gas tank, then used the resulting flame to light his cigarette.
I saw that video and it was all kinds of ballsy 

Basic chemistry -- combustion requires oxygen. Since the tank is sealed and no oxidizer is present the car won't "blow up". Liquid is also very stable, hence why the engine needs a fumed mixture of gasoline and air (oxygen).

Watched the episode where he blows up the car last night. I was like "yeah thats realistic"

Oh, the huge manatee!
Jesus, Lana! The helium!
I'm confused. Did you turn around before of after you took a leak? Before or after you pulled it out? In only one instance could you have possibly almost pissed yourself, so I think you are using that phrase totally metaphorically.
What is Hitler doing in a bowler hat?

I revommend destruction of private property charges.
that sucks...but how you going to find those city folk if they are already gone...
Stupid shits.  Did they get away, or are there going to be some consequences for their actions?  Is this your land?
Not my land but I work for the owners when I can. So far nothing is known about the people. The farmers probably won't press charges. It was just forty acres. And it's covered under agriculture insurance.
What a fucking bummer.
I hope his name is T-Rex.
GAH I HAVE A MUNCHKIN TOO! They're so awesome.
Please take a video of your cat running.
Why do I feel this urge to punch this cat in the face ?
A SQUITTEN!

TIL cats have arms.
I need one.
I love dwarf cats 
Cute as hell!!!
I want to cuddle it so bad.
It makes me wonder... how well this plan was thought through...
Master?
I want a munchkin cat more than anything. 
I'm not a cat person (please don't hate me!), but the munchkin cats are so... Freaking... Adorable! 
a munchkin! dude where did you get one?

This reminds me of the cat from that kids show.Twisted Wiskers.
Is his name "T-Rex" ?
Oh wow, my family used to have a cat that looked exactly like that. We sold her years ago. It would be weird if it was the same cat.
And the tail, man! The tail. It's got to weigh five pounds. And she (he?) is adorable!
one of the funniest lines in any animated film.
Elton John's cat
Slow down i got zee little baby legz.
Dib has a cat? 
It's like a Corgi-cat!

Please let his name be Rex.
You have shirt arms leutenant Dan.
Seriously.  Nobody fucking remembers .?
I'm so jealous. I've been wanting a munchkin for years. 
I thought many animals only had legs.
T Rex cat
Yep. Totally getting one of these. 
T-rex cat.
Corgi Cat
felinus t-rexius
I have to pet this cat! Looks soo fluffy!
T rex from  Meet The Robinsons lol
What cartoon movie/show is the title from?
I'd totally name this cat Cee Lo Green.
Sofa king adorable 
So basically... it's a dwarf.
Proof that a dachshund can breed with a cat
Oh, I know! I'll turn him into a duck! Yes, it's so evil! Oh... I don't know how to do that... and I don't really need a duck...
cute overload gaaah colon three

Is this cross breed or mutation i cant tell if munchkin or Napoleon 
Corgi + cat..Adorable.
Not on imgur. Dow voted for being inconsiderate to mobile users. 
Learn to spell correctly before you post a SOB story about how you are too lazy to get your fatfuck ass off the phone and use a computer.
Learn to think before you put your backward thoughts on the internet. Not everyone is lucky enough to have internet on their computers, and have you heard of autocorrect?.Next time, take a deep breath before spewing assumptions.
[deleted]
"sweet science" makes you sound like a Grade A cunt. 
That's the cutest cat I have ever seen!
Is that cat scratching a fucking television? 
I KNEW . WAS REAL!!!
Is this a teckel cat? 
I love these types of cats! I like to call them Corgi Cats
Tyrannosaurus!
grumpy cat is also a munchkin cat.
It's a dachskatze
C-Rex
eeep! Doesn't anyone just want a regular old cat any more? What is this deformity?
so sweet, love the little stubby tail too
I want your cat so bad
[deleted]
For all the people who say its unnatural for a cat to have such short legs:.Munchkin.Cat Breed.The Munchkin is a relatively new breed of cat characterized by its very short legs, which is caused by a naturally occurring genetic mutation..Origin: United States of America.Higher classification: Cat
His head also looks pretty small for his body... 
Kind of like Terrell Owens.
Poor kitty has T-rex syndrome.
sausage cat 
Catwurst
I have a big head and little arms im not sure how well this plan was thought through
*legs
If we're going to personify a cat into something that has thoughts contemplating the size of its legs and arms, I think the fact that it said its front legs are arms can pass.

I have a munchkin cat myself and some kitties. Whenever I mention a munchkin cat as being "a weiner-cat", they think im full of shit and think that no such thing exsists lol. 
I just want to smoosh his fuzzy sausage body.  So cute!
Put some soapy water on the floor and TADA! Mop!!
"and these sharp teeth I use to bite you after you give me the belly rub I asked for"
I just don't think this cat was thought out well enough....
they look so silly with those little teeny weeny legs 
Cat + Dachshund   
Catshund?
Master? 
Munchkin cat!!
He or she needs a hotdog bun costume 
This cat has the same proportions as me. 
pics?
Just know my head causes back problems.
I had assumed you were joking initially, apologies if I caused any offense, but what condition do you have?
Lol just terrible bodily proportions
And you got these fucking claws and these fangs, man! And you're looking at your claws and you're looking at your fangs. And you're thinking to yourself, you don't know what to do, man. "I don't know how to kill the bunny." With . you don't know how to kill the bunny, do you know what I mean? 
Yeah!
HE'S NOT FAT, HE'S FLUFFY!
That has to be one of the most well-groomed kitties I have ever seen :D good job OP!
Corgi cat?!?
I knew we shouldn't have tried to splice the cat with the sausage...
That's an ugly ass cat. 
That's the product of incest if I'm not mistaken. 
It's very cute!
Nope, you're very mistaken 
Poor thing won't even be able to jump..
They can still out jump dogs the same size and even a little bigger.
or escape...
You'd be surprised; my girlfriend's mom has a couple of these little guys, and they can move like you wouldn't believe.
I'd believe it. It's a cat with a lowered center of gravity.
So it's like the formula 1 car of the cat world?
Stanced cat.
Reminds me of . from Bug's Life.


NO
I love the raccoon tail..looks like got the Mario raccoon power up.
You mean...Tanuki tail.
Certainly English language wikis and articles distinguish between the raccoon tail and tanuki suit, though I haven't found anything that explicitly states that the tail and ears you get from the leaf . a tanuki tail and ears, except that (again, in English) he's called "Raccoon Mario."  In Japanese he's just "Tail Mario."  Still, it's generally considered that the leaf gives you a raccoon tail and the tanuki suit makes you Tanuki Mario.
I'm just not sure how well thought this plan was:
Master?
Why doesn't he use his tail....
What you've got there is a sausage kitty. 
Only thing this cat picture did for me was remind me just how good of a movie Meet The Robinsons was. 
One of the best movies I ever saw with my nannies kids
I just...don't think this was thought through very well. 
Well, at least I'm not the only one. 
Underrated movie.
 including reviews like "Meet the Robinsons is surely one of the worst theatrically released animated features issued under the Disney label in quite some time.".Critics hated it, everyone else seemed to like it.
Proof that evolution exists!  I remember reading about the Tyrannosaurus Cat in science class. 
Dude, the cat's name is Rex. 
[deleted]
Thats selective breeding...not evolution.
Evolution is the change you see in species over time, the selection processes account for the method and direction the evolution takes.
Selective breeding is evolution. You're mistaking natural selection for all evolution - it's evolution guided by artificial selection.
I.e. Artificial selection is just when human desire is a significant environmental factor.
It's like a T. rex and a . mated.
That's from the old dog patch USA, right? I live like 45 minutes from there and there's tons of old creepy abandons park rides with him on it.
Oh god I was happy and then you reminded me that the Shmoo was a thing that actually existed. In the sense that it was a popular character and such, not that it was an RL creature, that'd be my personal nightmare.
I grew up in Arkansas but I never made it over there to explore.  Is it pretty easy to get inside?
Yup. It's just open. I mean you're not supposed to go inside but there's really nothing stopping you but a fence that's falling down and some trees. It's a little bit hazardous though.
Okay before the usual flamefest occurs let me say -.These are munchkin cats, they are bred this way. It's not a matter of incest, it's a matter of dominant/recessive gene traits and selective breeding..They are healthy animals and generally do not have the health problems people assume they do because cats have curved/flexible spines that adapted fairly well to the shorter legs. (Meaning they aren't prone to the same hip/back problems of short legged dogs like corgis and dachshunds.).So no, it's not cruel for these cats to exist. .Just wanted to head that off at the pass. Please resume regular cat oogling because munchkins are adorable.
actually munchkins appeared naturally as a random mutation and all are descended from just one or two kittens
I babysat a Napoleon Munchkin once. That little dude was the chillest, cutest cat I've ever been around. It also had the most elegant jump I've ever seen.
If daschunds are kept at a healthy weight with good muscle tone, they shouldn't have back problems either. Of course there is the exception to the rule but most cases of daschund back problems is from being over weight and not exercised.
My problem with the picture is you let your cat put it's paws on your television screen!
... But how do they jump and climb trees and stuff with those tiny legs? 
Cute and cuddly till you find her collar in some coyote shit.
Here's a video from animal planet about these little guys! . 
looks like a cute furry mini harmless version of a t-rex
Weinercat!!!!!
Weinerpussy.
This is so true, plus no one complains about George Stephanopoulos.
As long as you don't breed munchkins with other munchkins they don't have the health problems. Munchkin+munchkin = 25% chance the kitten will not survive. 
My friend had a munchkin cat named slinky, cutest cat ever. Watching it go down stairs was too funny. 
thank you because I really just wanted to think he was precious and real.  I thought it was a fake photo.
How do you think they bring out recessive alleles when breeding animals? Just saying. 
Soo basically what you're saying is that this is a T-Rex kitty?
I own two of them and they are the sweetest little animals I've ever had. Their breed is naturally playful and friendly so they are quite the little handful. 
I am so jealous. I'm allergic to cats but I think munchkins are adorable and would fit in well with my 2 corgis.
Selective breeding = Inbreeding
I want one!
It's true they don't really suffer from any health problems, but they die a lot because they can't run or jump very well. They can't get out of the way of cars or run away from dogs
Hate to tell you, most animals that have "Dominant" recessive" traits are in bred in order to get the traits out. 
That's like asking how short people walk. .:|
I want this cat.
like a corgi? 
I was going to say this, it's the corgi of cats
Wut.
I mean, whats the point of giving something gimp legs?.It just can't be as nice to live your life with mini little legs compared to long legs..We have to draw our line somewhere about whats ethical to do. This reduces a cats quality of life so that we can find it cuter..Edit: Can someone please explain to me why this is ethical? I get that its cute, it looks like a little Pokemon. But my cat is a perfectly functional predator if it were to decide to leave me forever. How would that do? 
There's no proof that the cats' quality of life is reduced by this mutation.
It's honestly not much different than any number of dog breeds
but they're so cute...
They seem very content. So do Dachshunds. 
Okay, I'll try to take this head on:  How is it unethical?  Do you have any evidence that the cat's quality of life is diminished?   They can still run, jump and play.  If anything their genetic mutation is an evolutionary . because being a special breed/super cute is a much better way to gurantee survival/the continuation of your gene pool as a cat than and wilderness characteristics..Your argument is that, if left in the wild this animal would be less likely to survive and therefore that's not okay?  Where are you getting that?  I would say it would be 1000% more likely to get adopted from a shelter or off the street than a normal cat, so there's that.  Even ignoring that, your theory has some pretty serious implications.  Should we measure every drog breed for homeless survivability (which would be impossible, you'd have to track hunting, likeliness to be put down if seen in the wild, ability to get along with other wild dogs etc.) and then stop breeding all but themost survivable breeds?
These things have to see a normal cat running and be like "well shit, I got the short end of the stick.".Very difficult to get evidence-- I look at it, and have an immediate reaction that it is obviously an inferior quality of life. 
Yeah see that's not good analysis or discussion.  You're assuming a cognitive process in animals that I have no reason to believe exists, and again makes the point "if you're right we should eliminate all dog breeds but the most epicly fit ones."  Also, you say "obviously" but fail to point out any way in which the quality of life is inferior.  It wouldn't be hard to get evidence if there were any.  If they had shorter life spans, tendencies to get hip injuries, inability to jump onto high surfaces etc. then that would be your evidence.  But none of those things are true.
The reason I don't see this as a problem is that the cat isn't capable of wishing it had longer legs. It was born that way, it has no point of reference. Therefor, it doesn't mope and feel a longing for long legs like a human might.
i honestly doubt they notice the difference.
They don't. My parents have a pair of twin brothers. Maybe they can't jump as high, but they don't have an issue getting up on the table or counters. Or on my laptop.
I highly doubt they do either.  They've never had long legs, so they couldn't possibly know what they've been missing..Perhaps they cannot jump directly onto the kitchen counter, but they probably don't need to....I wish my cat couldn't get up there :(
They are just like dachshunds and corgis. Do they wish they had long legs? No, they have no idea. Munchkin cats are the same way.
Yeah, I wonder how Corgis, Dachshunds etc. feel about their quality of life...I would be a lot more concerned about the vast majority of cat owners who feed their cat grocery store food into obesity as a result of laziness.  Especially indoor cats, who are not given ample opportunity to exercise.  .That to me is what reduces quality of life, and it's disgustingly common.
I just want to point out how your argument works:.-unrelated example.-unrelated example.Those can both be problems too. This discussion is about breeding for munchkin cats.
Your argument revolved around the assumption miniature legs reduced a specific breed of cat's quality of life with no source or animal medical background to back yourself up, so I just figured we were saying whatever the fuck we wanted.
They're fully mobile too, it's not like it has stumps for legs. Sure the cat probably won't jump directly onto your counter but most people consider that a good thing. 
(posted above about my parents having a pair) Yeah it might be close, I know they can get up on my parents bed so they can get 2 or 3 feet but maybe not as high as a counter.
Yep, personally I like it more. Can jump high enough to snuggle in bed or on the couch, can't just high enough to walk in my counters with paws that were just in a litter box. My dachshund can jump a good 3 feet when she really tries so I have no doubt a munchkin could do the same. 
Their spines are more suited to it but more important they're not disproportionately long. Dachshunds for example have short legs . elongated backs. Munchkins just have short legs and normal length backs. So their backs are exactly the same as a totally normal cat. This mutation only changes the length of their legs. 
You are correct that the recessive gene mainly affects the height of the cat, however they -can- be dachshund shaped. I wouldn't go as far to say all of them are longer, but in my experience, they are a little longer than the average cat. My munchkin cat is longer than my average cat. He looks like a little sausage and he eats like one too. 
What do sausages eat?
That just might be that he's a bigger cat except you can't tell because his legs are short. 
He is indeed bigger, judging by his head size, but he's no rug hugger. . 
EVERYTHING. 
I'm five feet tall and offended by this.
Wikipedia says it's incest:.Mother bred with son is incest in my book.

Incorrect interpretation of the quote? Check. 
From the source of that passage. Soooo... not inbred and very able.
You do realise that most pedigree dogs are severely inbred right? Line breeding, a practice in which a singular prize-winning show dog is bred to hundreds of other dogs in the hopes of getting another prize winner, creates serious problems. It happens constantly. And it happens in cats as well.
Ok. What does that have to do with munchkin cats?
It's a similar situation. If you're going to pass judgement on a cat that you believe is inbred and unable to function properly, then you'll be passing judgement on almost all cats and dogs.
I couldn't care less about inbreeding animals. I was showing that ryno9696 was misquoting the passage.
I believe the dwarf gene is recessive, just like in humans. The mother likely wasn't a dwarf, but carred both the dominant and recessive gene. The father likely had the same, one dominant and one recessive. When you breed the two normal cats, some of the kittens will carry both recessive genes and thus exhibit dwarfism. Breed any one one of those cats with a normal cat, and you will likely have the same ratio of normal to dwarf cat..My point is that no incest is necessary. It's the same way human dwarves work. It's just a recessive gene.
I can see how the misunderstanding has occurred but it's just saying that the breed is descended from these two, not that these two cats had kittens together..You can check the source of that paragraph for more info.
That was how I read it as well.
You are arguing about cats. Think about that. 
Can't miss a chance to act repulsed about something on the internet.SO MANY OPINIONS TO SHARE
They weren't bred for short legs per se, the first one was found under a truck in Mississippi, it was a female, and her litters were half Munchkin, so the breeding continued. Nobody set out to breed a cat with short legs, but once the one was discovered, people bred for different colors..One cute thing Munchkins do is sit up on their hind legs to look over taller grass.
So it's like a Mere-munch cat? Fuck I want one even more now
Yeah, you and me both man. Those cats are adorable. Get a munchkin cat and a Corgi, they would be best friends!
If nothing else your floor would always be clean from the constant sweeping.
Omg, omg I want them. I want all of them. I'm going to be the crazy munchkin cat guy before I'm 30

Nah, thats me
But the moment you're 30 I tell you what those little guys are on their own.
They're actually very cool. My parents have a pair of twin brothers and they're awesome. Funny enough when they got them they called me and told me they were trying to pick names and I laughed and said "Pete and Repeat!"  "That's perfect!" "Nooo mom! I was kidding!!" I figured the names would be too close but they know the difference.
I used to have a pair of canaries named Pete and Repeat!! Sadly Pete passed away, and we decided to change Repeat's name because our of context it just really doesn't make sense. 
Do they still jump on top of everything? I mean, what're the limitations here? If I see a little toy dog that would drown in a puddle, I don't think those dogs should exist they're so human-dependent. .Can these munch-kitties still hop on the couch, your bed? 
Yup. If my dad leaves for a second he comes back and Pete is laying on his laptop on the table. :)
Scratch their nether parts?
My Munchkin can still get up almost anywhere my other cats can get to - although it might take several step-jumps instead of a single leap. It's funny watching him chase the other cats then come to a sudden stop to calculate how he'll get up on top of the fridge too..On a aside, I don't think he'd do well as an outdoor cat - but he has the sharpest cornering and smallest full-speed turning radius of any cat I've owned. He's the best mouser in the house because of it..EDIT: Here's my Joey and one of my Ragdolls: .. Sorry for the potato-quailty pic.
Your description of your cats maneuvering abilities is amazing. I really want a goddamn munchkin cat 
I don't even LIKE cats (reddit blasphemy) but this little dude is PRECIOUS.
That's their only problem..They're so adorable, that it's a problem. The best problem ever.
what are their jumping capabilities like? 
Cats do most of their jumping with their back legs which are normal sized so in theory they should jump just fine.
This may be heresy on Reddit but I think that they look really ugly as adults. As kittens though, those short legs make them look absolutely adorable.
You were right, It's heresy.
They jump just fine. Which always struck me as odd because Corgis have the same kinds of legs yet jumping about can really cause terrible spinal damage to them. :(
you know these cats are mutants and should be put down >.>
I was . to point out that, as a multicellular organism, Ferd is also a mutant..Most hilarious assumption I've made all day.
FabulousTurd*
I * agree with Ferd..Edit: don't* 
Lol ohps my bad
Go away Judas.

Too obvious, Ferd..
That's what Ferd does.
Nope.
Gorgeous moth ... but what I really want to know is what brand/shade is that nail polish!
Its a liquid sand by OPI from the James Bond collection called Jinx. I love all the liquid sand colors.
Does anyone else think it kinda looks like that hand is wearing frilly panties?
you lucky bitch, have a wonderful day
They only live for 7 days and don't have a mouth.
My buddy and I were fishing on Newfound Lake a few weeks ago and rescued one that looks exactly like that from the lake. Poor thing was exhausted, it hung out in the boat for an hour before flying off.
It looks like an elephant! ., check it out!
Ask your doctor whether Lunesta is right for you!
Poor thing looks injured. 
Where do you work? The moth factory?
Okay that's beautiful, but I've got a story. One time I was outside at night having a cigarette when all of a sudden one of these things decided that it wanted to get to know my face intimately. I did not know I could scream so loudly until that night.
I saw one of these at the beginning of June when I was at my cousins' house and now I see pictures of them everywhere 
The moonlight butterfly from Dark Souls!
Op works at a butterfly/moth sanctuary
What nail polish are you wearing?
Jinx by opi
That's a luna moth. I've only seen one once, when I was about 9 years old..haven't seen one since.
They're everywhere in the foresty parts of gogama Ontario. I got to look at one up close because someone had run over one where I was camping. I they look like little fairies when they fly!
I'm around the Houston area...but even when living in a heavily wooded area around Lake Livingston, I've yet to see another one. They only live for 1 week in their moth form though, so that could possibly be why...or maybe they're just rare around here. The one I did see however was just sitting on a wall at my school and wasn't really moving much...can only assume it was near death.
this is fake.
Please explain. 
I'm pretty sure that's a moonlight butterfly. Hope you brought ranged equips.
Nope just a Lowes in rural Kentucky. 
When I was in Elementary school an old woman who lived next door gave me a small hermit crab cage with a cocoon inside. She was one of the kindest people I've ever met and she'd always let me help her in the garden. Anyways, Hurricane Denis was going to hit our town so we evacuated. I had to leave the cocoon in the garage before we left.  About a week went by and we came home. I ran to the garage and I found a huge Luna moth just like this one. Now every time I see one I think of my old neighbor and how kind she was. 

All I can think of is Dark Souls now... fuck.
slowest most frustrating fight in the game, unless you've got a bunch of black firebombs or are a magic user (but who does that, seriously?)
Roll, roll, roll, roll, will you fucking land so I can hit you?
I actually didn't find it that difficult. Find the mage's summon sign underneath the first set of steps leading up to the bridge and you're pretty much on easy street if you rely on brute strength after it lands. I honestly didn't want the fight to end so early because of the boss music. That was beautiful..Also, that was the one being in that game that I didn't expect to have hostile intentions towards me. Fuck me, right?
yeah if you happen to have spare humanities and the summon icon is there it's a super easy fight. i did not have that luxury my first few times fighting it.

I work in a nursery, I see all sorts of insects. 
I'm assuming you mean a nursery that's not for human children.

Even his stick figure person looks better than my drawings.
What a fun romp. Upvote for coolest post o' the day.
First, I can't believe that a place called "Chagrin Falls" actually exists, but I suppose if it has to, it's where I guess I would expect Bill Watterson would be from.

Just uploaded his photo from the yearbook. He was a senior that year.
Almost as cool as Pepper Pike.
Thanks zipwang! I really wish I could've shared these sooner, my parents just live so far away. 
Really nice area. Pretty well off, too. I live about 30 minutes away, and their little downtown block is fun. They still have an old popcorn shop by the Falls. 
They popcorn shop by the falls is awesome, I love their spicy popcorn! They recently opened a Jeni's ice cream down the street so I now get my ice cream from there when I visit. 
Yeah, looking at the pictures it looks really nice!
Awesome post, OP - thanks for sharing. Understandably, Bill looks like a fun guy to hang out with. Has your mom ever seen him at reunions?
You're welcome. She goes almost every year to the reunions but says she's never seen him.
It's weird how nice his art is here compared to how crude it was in the first Calvin and Hobbes strips. Relatively speaking.
Image 3 looks a lot like Kit on her way to algebra!
Ah, so THAT'S the entrance to Asgard. Knew it was somewhere around there.
Anyone else see a wizard sitting on a throne?
Eye of Mordor
anyone else think the cloud on the left looks like a facebook "like"?
Thumbs up in the corner
Found the home of god.
Reddit: 2
Atheists:0
(lets start keeping track)
Well isn't that just beautiful!
Amazoballs
Valhalla is calling
Looks like a castle in the sky.
I don't use the word glorious very often... but by gum when I do...
SHOPPED!  I CAN TELL FROM TEH PIXELS (and the title)
They should lower the sign for next time.
water stahp
Think of all the cars just sitting in parking lots, doing nothing except waiting for the one person who will spend a relatively short period of time driving it somewhere, only to let it sit and do nothing for another multi-hour stretch..Self driving cars are going to be the biggest change to cities since high rises.
Wouldn't efficient and well-designed public transit still be preferable?
I don't know what game this is from, but I'm gonna bet there are a LOT of Park Place tickets, and only ONE Boardwalk.
Haha it's okay.
Hahaha! How original!
Doesn't McDonald's do the Monopoly thing in October?  Did I miss the memo that they changed it this year?  I could have sworn it was around my birthday every year.
:
hmm...Well ain't that something.
And some old guy already threw it away.
_.I hate this time of year. Idiots come out of the woodwork with this bullshit every time. If only they had access to a compendium of world wide information... a . if you will... readily indexed and searchable with the click of a mouse..Park Place is . - 1 in 11 find it. Boardwalk is not - 1 in 602,490,060 find it.
I think that's the joke. 
.
The title implies that OP is showing this to the other people who have posted their Park Place tickets.
Beautiful scenery changed to accommodate humans. Oddly fitting for the Windows background.
Everything Microsoft touches seems to wither up and die recently.
Funny
Is that a vineyard? I should like me a taste :S
forget hypnotoad, upvote juvenile emperor angel fish to front page. 
Congratulations!!

way to go! congrats :)
Congrats!!!
Way to go! Hitting the one-year mark is an amazing milestone. I know how much hard work and dedication it takes to be in recovery. Keep on keeping on!
I like how the guy on the far right is wearing the same clothes as the elephant.
Found your mom's pants
"new with little miles on it"???.aren't all new cars supposed to have little miles on them because they are new?.or are you talking about demo cars?
Great job guys
I don't know how you expect us to celebrate...  You are clearly a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor!
Congrats :)
Beautiful color! Congrats! :-)
They just let anyone buy cars now... rebel scum.
Congratulations you darlings!  Live long and prosper.
Congrats man keep fullfilling al of your dreams
Mazda 5
Rebel Scum!
CONGRATS !!! NICE RIDE !!!  LIFE IS TOUGH DONT LET ANY BASTARDS GET YOU DOWN ! KEEP YOUR HEAD UP! 
As someone who is dealing with an undependable older car with high miles, I envy you and want to give you an epic jumping high five at the same time. Congrats!
It is nice...what's even better ITS ALL YOURS! Congratulations! Not many people think about safety and family. 
Congratulations! That's awesome!
Congrats man, I hope this car is the first of many things you are able to get. Have fun with the new ride, and good luck.
I love how you responded to the ugly comments so gracefully! Congratulations on the new car! :) 
Good for you, nice 
Congrats! That's an awesome accomplishment! Also, your tattoos rock. Good job staying positive. :)
The Rebel Alliance commends you on your prudent choice of transportation. 
Something that many people aren't able to do. A great achievement, IMHO. .Grats to you both. :)
I'm not sure what kind of car it is but it's red so I approve! 
are you related to wil wheaton?
Awesome op! Do you have any tat photos laying around? 
I remember my first new car and how proud I was to be able to afford it. I say to hell with the drinkers of haterade and congrats to you both.
He's the fat twin nobody talks about. 
Eww. You're mom. 
It was a great choice by OP. A mazda3 that looks like a small minivan..Welcome to the Mazda family OP.
We love this car. The kids were so excited to pick out their seats! 
Wow. A ton of haters here..Well, if you have any questions or problems with your MZ5, or want to show it off, head over to ..
Right?! Yikes! Hey thanks for the info!! I didn't know that was a subreddit! I'll definitely be checking it out!! 
You might as well just posted this: "Please degrade my appearance and harass my wife sexually."
Thank you so much! 
Why the hell should we care.
You care enough to leave a comment 
So leaving a comment means I approve?
You said why should we care or whatever. Most people that truly don't care move aling. You cared enough to make the comment. Whether or not you "approve" is your decision. I'm stoked. I shared. 
My agenda is to make people stop sharing things that no one else but family and friends care about. Leave this shit for Facebook.
That's an uphill battle, friend. :)
Congrats.
I can get a new car with only a few weeks of work!.But gosh is it a boring few weeks...  First I gotta learn their habits, then I gotta plan for the unexpected, then I gotta actually kill them....So much work, but I am a professional so I do what I do~
It's killing my brain trying to remember where this is from!!!! 
Proud for you. It's tough being a grown-up. Heck, it's tough being a human. 
Dude. Seriously. It's the little things. Well, milestone things, rather. Haha
Wait, is that Wil Wheaton?
I never noticed it before! He really does! 
Like flash? Or pics of the tattoos I have?
Pics of your current tats. I like looking at other peoples choices of tattoos
I can't seem to be able to post pics in comments from my phone! Do you know by chance if you can only do that from a computer? 
I think so, I don't reddit on my phone much but I do see comments frequently about not being able to link from a phone.
Gotcha. Well I posted a couple to r/tattoos and so did my hubby. His username is loud_snort. Sorry! 
I know the feels! Congrats to you and yours, it's going to be like "holy shit we have a new car!" for a while. Enjoy it!
I keep forgetting and then all during my shift at work I just would randomly wanna yell exactly that!!! It's just unreal! 
He also the Empire logo on the other side. I think he's conflicted. Haha
Never in my life did I dream I could have such a nice new thing! I almost DON'T want the kids in there. Haha
Thank you so much!! I can't be bothered with any negativity. I got a new car!!!! I'm on cloud nine!!! 
Looks good, nice going man!
2012 is pretty new and I said with little miles on it as in "not a brand new car." I guess I worded that poorly. Sorry
I am... if that is the case I'm going to fuck your mom tonight, probably twice.
Hahahaha! I just pictured my mother and how she resembles Roseanne so I highly doubt you would wanna get down with her, especially twice. 
Woosh! 
Thumbs up to you!  Responsibility should be celebrated..Also, post to ..  People there appreciate a nice story, and you could get, you know, Carma.  :D
Thank you! 
Thank you so much! Every car I ever had was like that. It's such a stress! I really hope you get a new car really soon!!! 
Thanks mom.....pos.. Haha ;)
Good lookin couple! Congrats!
I'm 90% sure I saw you two walk into a walgreens about an hour ago...
Aww no. I was at work. We have the "dime a dozen look" though haha 
Congrats!! That's awesome. I know how you feel. 
For being bitter you sure are polite! Thank you! Ha
lol, I try to keep the bitterness directed at the ones that caused it when it comes out
Same here. Haha. 
I'm the wife. Please harass my husband sexually. Hahaha
Nice car, nice color, nice rebel tattoo. Drive safe and may the force be with you.
We...we can't see the car.

This needs to be around more often in . 
While you may not like this post, I do and am stoked to share. Not trying to pull on heart strings, just proud of pulling myself up by my bootstraps and experiencing a tiny bit of success. :)
Hey, nice job. But ultimately it's all about values. Judging from your picture, you've valued getting tattoos higher than getting a new car. If it were the opposite, you probably would have had a new car sooner.
That's one hell of a leap to make. You know nothing about OP, and where his priorities where when he got those sweet tattoos.  Maybe just ignore the pic if you don't like it.


I've never claimed to be tough.
I think that's a bot or something. Anyway, don't sweat it. Congrats on the new car!
It's a novelty account. I don't think it's possible to make a bot like that.
That's an incredibly ridiculous comment. Tattoos do not cost nearly a fraction of a car payment. Besides, you have no idea on whether we traded services with our friends that do tattoos, or didn't pay full price or a number of scenarios. You're right about values, though. I value that I don't make assumptions about them based on a picture and teach my kids the same values. 
Wow. Someone's defensive.
Not really. Just thought I could offer a different point of view. You never know people's circumstances in getting tattoos, their clothes or make up or whatever. I'm able to look the way I want without having to spend a fortune. :) 
All I know, from experience, is that tattoos . cost hundreds of dollars. Car payments are also hundreds of dollars, and down payments on cars can also be hundreds of dollars. Save the money on the tattoo and you've just made a car payment..I also know, from experience, that of the people that I know with multiple tattoos, they've also spent a good deal of their money over the years on clothing, and drinking and drugs, and tend to spend very little on their transportation and housing, until it's forced upon them by their circumstances..But I'm sure you've never fit that mold, so I apologize if my comment offended you. But it truly is all about choices in life. Spend hundreds of dollars on yourself, or spend that money on your children. Your choice.
I absolutely see your side. For me personally, that is not the case. As a matter of fact, my best friend used to do my tattoos until he unfortunately passed away. It would be a birthday or Christmas present through the years. I do know a few people that put themselves before their kids and it makes me sad. It is all about choices. I chose to keep them so they come first, but that doesn't necessarily mean I can't get a nice pair of shoes or cute top every now and then. Haha
I hear ya. And I'm sorry for making assumptions. I guess growing up with a mother that had narcissistic personality disorder makes me a bit sensitive. .Anyway, congrats on the new car. :)
Same here with the mom thing. Virtual hug, friend. :) we rise above what we were born into. 
Would you have upvoted this picture if you saw it here with the title "Couple standing next to a car" ?.No. And neither would anybody else. The picture is uninteresting, and only serves to give context to your sob story in the title.
Well, ya can't please em all. I'm stoked on our car. I didn't pull on heart strings with some life story of the trials of my life. I absolutely would be stoked to see people getting a nice new car. Have a great day :)
Your happiness is infectious. .I'm just on the lookout for the typical uninteresting pic tied to a sappy title, and regardless what I and others believe about the post itself, congratulations on the new car.
Hahahaha!!! Do you know that it seriously made my day knowing that I made someone random happy?! I hope you take that happiness with you the rest of your day and infect more people. :)
I forget bots don't care for such trivial things. Haha. Thank you!! 
Trivial, yet you purposely posted it on . for the purpose of giving it visibility for the maximum number of people. In this case, you deserve to get called out on your karma whoring. 
I posted in this subreddit just like everybody else does. It may be trivial to some, as I mentioned in the title but I'm stoked on it. As far as karma whoring goes, I'm pretty sure if that was the case I could be posting pics of my kids in beyond the bump and pics of cats doing cat things. Your negativity is deflected. :)
 
So your Grandma likes to hang out at the docks and kiss sailors? .j/k. It's a sweet photo. 
For a moment I thought it was meant to be a picture of them cleaning out their old apartment and thought..was the "apartment" her mouth? Love this pic, made me smile!
TIL.. most grandparents were hot at some point......
reminds me of 
As a retired submarine sailor....I approve.
Timeless love. I can't help but notice though, is that a crane in the background? I think that is, it makes me almost want to buy a crane. I hope I'm not the only one interested in buying a Bobcat Mk4300 Construction Digging Crane now.
I love guys haircuts from the 40's and 50's. 
um... you really need a 'before'
Why?
I actually met those 2 last year, it was at the navy memorial, they had a gathering and such, I was able to get a poster of this signed by the both of them
they look like assholes.
MMs get all the bitches
Yeah but BMs can get badass forearm anchor tattoos and get away with it. Or maybe it's just my BM Seal friend. .Almost made me sad to be a Marine, he was such a hardass lol
Pit Snipes..FTFY
Being as I have two downvotes, I . the title was obvious.."FIXED IT UP" indicates it was in some kind of disrepair, bent, torn, cracked, faded..Something was . with said picture that OP had to FIX, so if he fixed it, wouldn't you ass. that there was a .?  And wouldn't you like to see the mess it was in . he fixed it?.Otherwise isn't it just the OP posting a pic of his Grandma/Grandpa?.Unless I'm way off base here...
Yea, I know. But he doesn't have to.
Sure, I understand that, s/he doesn't . to have a before, but as mentioned, if s/he doesn't have a before, then all s/he has is a pic of the grandparents that s/he says s/he fixed up..I'm not doubting that there was a fix up all I wanted was to see the before to be 'amazed' at the worthiness of this first post... 
Don't tell OP what to do! He doesn't have to post a before.
Wow they have an eye for design. 
Oh my god this is sooo great! Please do a video of how to do that!!
very cool !!
Dafuuuuck
WOW!!    Do more.
I see what you did there. 
I . what . did there as well. 
The model and mua is stjima on Instagram. @stjima #stjima. Her work is out of this world!
Lol, I recognized immediately. 
19641965 New York World's Fair New York State Pavilion is a historic world's fair pavilion at Flushing Meadows  Corona Park in Flushing, Queens, New York. The New York State Pavilion was designed by famed modernist architect Philip Johnson, and built between 1962 and 1964
Yeah, I sang there with my school group during the fair..
The floor of the pavilion is a terrazzo of New York state if I remember correctly..
We  lived near the fair, I attended on the last day!
But could it blend?

Okinawa or . ? Looks very similar to me.
I seriously doubt that soap bubbles have the surface tension to hold the weight of a bomb.
"American planes, full of holes and wounded men and corpses, took off backwards from an airfield in England. Over France, a few German fighter planes flew at them backwards, sucked bullets and shell fragments from some of the planes and crewmen. They did the same for wrecked American bombers on the ground, and those planes flew up backwards to join the formation.
The formation flew backwards over a German city that was in flames. The bombers opened their bomb bay doors, exerted a miraculous magnetism which shrunk the fires, gathered them into cylindrical steel containers, and lifted the containers into the bellies of the planes. The Germans below had miraculous devices of their own, which were long steel tubes. They used them to suck more fragments from the crewmen and planes. But there were still a few wounded Americans, though, and some of the bombers were in bad repair. Over France, though, German fighters came up again, made everything and everybody as good as new.
When the bombers got back to their base, the steel cylinders were taken from the racks and shipped back to the United States of America, where factories were operating night and day, dismantling the cylinders, separating the dangerous contents into minerals. Touchingly, it was mainly women who did this work. The minerals were then shipped to specialists in remote areas. It was their business to put them into the ground, to hide them cleverly, so they would never hurt anybody ever again.".Felt like it fit.
This is actually the specs for the new DARPA-funded Long Range Bomb Defense System aka LORABODEFSYS.
Your Tax dollars hard at work!
No way a fighter bomber could drop that many bombs of that size...
I like the idea of this as a tattoo!
Americans love war. Nothing is as American as war. It's like apple pie drenched in the blood of ten thousand Iraqi children. Are you a Commie? You're probably a terrorist if you aren't a Commie, because you're either with us or against us, and if you're against war you're clearly against America..Terrorist.
Fuck AmeriKKKa and FUck Israel!!!
From israel with love ChavezEqualsHERO . we love you too. ! ! !
Yeah war! Your always behave like a douchebag.
This post should be in ..
This deserves a shit load of upvotes
So edgy
Am I the only one that thinks this would actually be a great attack. I'm not sarcastic..... I swear. 
Its pretty thought provoking, if you look at the idea not just the picture 
i want a bubble :(
Any idea who made this?
Every college freshman on earth.
You mean collage freshman?
QUIET HIPPY!
She's just blowing them over to her brown neighbors' house
I get a total Banksy vibe off the composition, if not the execution.
If the bubble can support the bomb, why doesn't the bomb detonate when it hits the bubble?.Why is a fighter jet dropping so many bombs?.Does she dip more bubble mix after each bomb? .The jets dropping bombs in front of her, but the first bombs would have to have been dropped behind her for so many to be in the air, did her chair move with the jet, or did she turn it around as it passed?.Why are the bubbles rising? .Why so much jpg?.2/10, very nice idea, terrible execution. 
The First few could have been dropped above her head and she blew bubbles in the direction known as "up". .I assume you've never blown bubbles so here's a .PROTIP: You Can blow more than one bubble per dip..0/10 on the comment. 
Is your house the "Oddities" store, by any chance? 
I wish you lived in PA so I could finagle an invite. Very nifty stuff.
Edit: I also have a Violet Ray. Thing sounds like an airplane.  
Your house must be terrifying.
Why must you hurt us by showing an unopened safe??
Have you ever seen pictures of dead babys because they are seriously creepy....Just like baby in  a coffin.
Why do you have so much?
I've been collecting for a long time. I buy and sell for a living so I come into contact with a lot of interesting pieces. 
I always said if I had money I would prob get into it to some degree.
Some of those pieces are really awesome. Thanks for sharing.
It is not but I do love that show. 
Are you absolutely sure? 
I have. I don't currently have an post mortem pictures in my collection but they are quite creepy. 
The safe.. You must deliver 
Will do guys. The file is on my PC at work. I will be happy to upload it tomorrow. 
How much interest is needed? With me there are 3
Please upload.
Please do.
Sure, I'd like to have it.

He looka likea snow man.
I really don't mean to offend, but you should try lining her water-line with a white eye-liner. would've made her completely white. great shot though! :)
SHOOT THE SHOT
Anderson Cooper, is that you?
..
Bae caught me photin
You miss 100% percent of the shots you don't take.
She should be a character in Blade Runner
This is a...female...right? 
Luke Steele?
If there are any Dark Souls fans in here her eyebrows remind me of Priscilla's. It looks really cool 
That's the Ed Norton Fight Club face damn she nailed it!
I like the work but I loathe the half smile. It's as bad as the duck face. 
nice
This shot is so powerful and your eyes are gorgeous. 
Another great shot...
Awesome makeup.  You need to do this - 
Looks like an attempt at the .. 
Beautiful, simply put!
Now all I need is a lion and a wardrobe.
It makes me think of some of the conceptual images for the latest few photoshop releases. Were you guys going for something similar with the "eyebrows" and stuff, or was that just sort of a happy accident as well?
Looks like Adobe Photoshop CS6 Box. 
I though photographers just took like a million shots and took out the bad ones?
She looks like winter personified. 
David Bowie's got a new album cover?
first thing I thought.
Some of my best beauty shots were outtakes.
well it looks like a LOT of planning went into this.
What did you use as squares and how'd you glue it on your face? It's incredible! :)
Damn, that's a cold ass honky..But seriously, great pic!
You should really develop the concept here.  This looks straight from the camera without a lot of processing, but it can really take a lot of selective saturation and contrast to give different looks.  Like bump up the blues and pull out the green from the gems and hair, and red from the eyes.
You're like a male Yolandi Visser!
Be honest; You just do this as an excuse to get girls naked.
This is really really fucking good.  Well done.
Reminds me of Yolandi
Extraordinarily creepy.
I would absolutely LOVE to have this as my desktop background.  do you have any 1080p versions of your photos?
This probably belongs in a really pretentious magazine.
Can we see the rest? 
What really makes this photo for me is the expression on her face. It just glues all the other elements together and gives it this cold menacing feel to it. 
Kind of looks like that Die Antword chick.
I don't get it :| Male/female ..black or white ..is this real life ?!
well you shouldnt have because i want to punch it in the face with that smug ass look
Actually she's hot, very nice look. I want one!
Actually, it looks like a lot of planning went into this shot.
What the duck is going on here?
What the hell was the plan. Oh. Black guys. Nice
I don't get it
Reminds me of Ghirahim from Skyward Sword 
Please tell me this is one of your outfits for the playa this year.
Emma?
THE FUCKING SYMMETRY IS OFF! . 
You look nothing like you in this picture. I would have never guessed how attractive you actually are by this but this is pretty kick ass looking.
You've unintentionally channeled Stanely Kubrick
Aww man... At first glance I thought this was from a photo set for an upcoming Jack Frost movie or something.  Got excited at the idea of an action flick with him as a villan.
Everybody just 
awesome shot as always man, keep up the great work :)
cocaine is one hellz of a drug
I love this, it looks like it's straight out of an iamamiwhoami video.
Little baby's ice cream
A little bit creepy.
Looks like die antwoord.
Yolandi Vi$$er, eat your heart out.
Spectacular! I don't know about shooting setup, PP and so on, but it looks great and this is what matters.
Tip for photography..The shot you don't take will always be regretted more than the shot you did.  Especially with digital photography.
its actually pretty terrible. if she actually looked white instead of clumps of make-up it might look like the look you were going for. i'd pay you to not sell it to me. op is a fag
I was hesitant to open up the image because I though it was this.
She's up all night to get lucky
That's ugly.
Your ugly
Shondra made it to the top. Nice!
whitewalkers
Don't blink.  Blink and you're dead.
It literally looks like you glued some gum to her eyebrows and sprinkled glitter on her face. Your makeup needs work no offense.
"It literally looks terrible and you did a bad job. But no offense.".Really?
Holy shit, this is awesome! 
Seriously though. Dat expression.
There is a black joke in here somewhere.  I didn't feel like spending 30 seconds thinking it up though.  Sorry reddit.
Although I love woman, and love them naked, often when shooting them naked I feel awkward, and don't think I do it very well compared to other nude photographers. So I tend to veer towards portraits and weird shit, but sometimes a girl is so comfortable naked that it is fun.
Is your name/photography name a Kiss Me Judas reference?
Nora? Is that you?
- Mr. Freeze ( Batman series )
Title the full bodied shot "Winter is cumming."
Brazzers
ew.Honestly this shit has been done a million times. You redditards eat it up and probably send her gross pm's but it's nothing new.."What photography to shoot today? Some unoriginal make up, of course. I'm so great."
yea i need to spend more time editing sometimes.

Thank you!  So awesome!  Do you maybe have that awesome black photo from your facebook on there as well?
yea later today ill put it up.
you are awesome. thanks!
im high this made me laugh.(7) might be (8)
im drunk, andwish i was high
Lol come smoke I'll try to edit skin for you better bitch! and we'll laugh
too bad im in lame ass michigan. the only good thing about the glove is being able to smack ohio.
Fuck I'd rather be there then in this fucking hot ass Az
She does evil smile better then any model I've shot so far, on command too.
My ugly
kinda reminds me of the girl from the band die antwoord (also creepy)
She finks you freeky and she likes you a lot.
well that aint me so no, mostly gonna be shorts and a shirt rofl!
Hey Imustbedead, just wanted to let you know you are one of my favourite artists on deviantart, love your work!!
Hello Mab, Dresden was looking for you.
I was thinking, with some sadness, that this could be someone else in just a few years. (I can't say who because I don't know how to do spoiler tags!)
She doesn't look crazy enough to be Mab. If she sported dreads I could totally see Maeve, though.
Well, there IS a point in one of the newer novels where Maeve wears an outfit that is pretty much just gems like the ones in the picture. Pretty much a dead ringer for it here.
Is that from Cold Days? I haven't gotten around to reading that one yet. I introduced my girlfriend to the series recently and decided to start from the beginning again.
It is. I'm reading the series ENTIRELY out of order (I started with Ghost Story, which I got confused with Grave Peril. D'oh.), so I'm not sure if Maeve appears in anything similar in any of the 2 or 3 books I haven't gotten to yet, but from what I can gather, it's the first time Dresden has seen her dress quite so...uh...nakedly.
Oof, that must have been confusing. You went back and started with Storm Front, right?
Yeah, that was a shocker. 
Looking back, I feel like I . have seen it coming, but I was shocked.
Out of all the death and loss in the previous books, that was probably the saddest ending. Especially when Karrin gives her take on what's probably going to happen in the long run..Though, I'm willing to bet that they'll find a way out of it within the next 2 or three books. Like 
I fink she freeky. 
And I like her a lot.
"Bae caught me slippin"
How do you not plan for this?
Fuck You!
omg he answered me, totally fangirling!! ;P
I just kinda like to flow with things at photoshoots I don't know. 
Nice accident.
Winter is coming.
So she gets covered in makeup and you were just planning on staring at her face then decide to whip out your phone at the last minute? .Looks awesome! Thanks for changing your mind :)
Well I think a lot of people are gonna take this as meaning it was an accident, but no the photoshoot wasn't an accident, the make up and it being a head shot were not planned at all. It was supposed to be a full body concept with a plane look, and this kind of just took over.
No i was just being "funny" but I would in all seriousness be interested in a few more of these shots
A plane look... like, you were trying to make her look like an airplane?
Yes we missed 
Ahh well on here people usually rip me a new asshole for everything I say haha!.Yes there will be more soon, on my facebook or on here soon, I linked to my fb in the top comments for ya.
Thanks!
"Girls of the White Walkers 2013 calendar."
"Oh shit, I built a bookshelf."

We're gonna make this one twenty one Bobs high
i would give you gold but im poor as fuck so have some imaginary imaginary gold 

So, is this your "just rolled out of bed" look? Because I kinda think you planned this.
Geeeeeet out of beeeed; Turn mah swaaag ooon.
Never go full bukkake. ;)
Really? Saying "Didn't really plan on taking this shot" about a picture taken at a photo-shoot just doesn't work...At all.
Came here to say this. Reddit is fucking full of shit on the daily 
Well I mean no we were going for something else, like full body, and I kind of just said do some white make up to go with it, and this ended up being too awesome to not focus on.
May I save this? I won't upload it anywhere. I just like to collect cool images. 
You kinda look like Sara Jean Underwood from this angle...
the playboy model!?
Yes... Although she isn't one anymore 
"May I save this?"  Use the fucking right-click, idiot.
It's called 'respecting the artist.' Some people like to be polite and ask if they may save the work the photographer/model posted. It means a lot to the photographer/model usually, and shows that you really do enjoy the work when you ask.

As an amateur photographer it annoys me that people don't know the difference between a planned shot and a lucky, partially unplanned shot. I spent around 5 hours trying to get a picture of a sunken boat I wanted and got an awesome picture, yet I have taken equally satisfying pictures with 10 seconds of planning 
yea so it goes sometimes with this shit lol! Glad you understand what I was getting at!
My friend Vivian linked me to your stuff before, it's awesome 
upload it everywhere!
are there any more shots? looks dope.
Yes there ended up being a lot of great ones, I will release them on my page as soon as I can finish editing them.
No way did you take the Casual Sex photograph.. I saw that photo like 4 years ago and it got me in to model mayhem!
So mostly reddit re-posts... 
Well you never know, sometimes I get 0 upvotes for a photo sometimes I get a lot, so most of my new photos don't even see the light of day here, which is understandable. Is there a problem with being on both?
Nope no problems with that at all. We are an open and welcoming community that would never hate you for posting your own content... Right guys?
Considering how much we harp on those that don't abide by that philosophy, we damn well better not.
I'm a digg transplant, and over the years I've yet to see any display I would consider not friendly.
I clicked your link and it told me to fuck myself :(
Wait what!?
Your banner is "Fuck You." It isn't very professional.
who wants to be professional?>
Your argument is perfectly sound. I have no rebuttal. 
Try not to cut yourself being so ..
You should crosspost this to ., they will eat it up.
Yeah, I didn't bother going any further when I saw that. I'm so over that "ooh I'm a rebel" shit. Somebody wants me to admire their work, BE FUCKING NICE. 
Fuck you!
I feel like I get spammy...
Ain't no shame in cross posting original content.
Just kidding. I like it. That style of paint can make someone loo beautiful while also looking terrifying!
Another Cyberpunker here, if you don't post it I'll steal your karma. DO EEET!.: I'm not a karma whore, I won't steal anything, I swear.
I will though, all my link karma is from .  
Nigga you aint even edit that comment.
I most assuredly did. Is there a default timeframe where editing a comment does not incur the edit flag? I hit edit almost immediately after I posted it, so it's possible the system has a lag delay to accomodate editorial hiccups and accidental commits.
Yeah, pretty sure it's 3 minutes.  That's why a lot of times you'll see people say Ninja edit for those ones, because they know the asterisk won't show up after the edit.
lies, you stole my heart :)
It's . .It can never be too plugged...
Touch
I see what you did there, very clever.
go ahead!
Sometimes I feel like canned ham, it's ok.

Any chance of a closer shot of the blue gun that looks a bit like a TARDIS?
These look too cool to wear. 
Whoa those are really cool! Do you do this often? Because I would definitely buy shoes like that. 
Those are pretty fucking cool!!
They look wicked! You should sell them online

10/10 would smoke a J in that tub
Hey man, you don't need to .. 
My latest installment, 
"Your" creative bathroom design . or . .Either way, it's all good, still up voting cuz it's unique, but the picture looks like it was downloaded, not taken first hand. 
it makes me think of the bathroom in a posh club or restaurant.  i like it - and if I had a big enough space, I'd try something like that at home...problem is, my shower is in my kitchen. .which is very handy - you can keep an eye on the stove while you shower....
After two months of regular use much will start to grow behind and on the edges of those orb thingys. It's going to be like trying to scrub every impossible crevice that you never dreamed existed before. An inordinate amount of bleach will have to be used to get the stuff in the very itty bitty corners. You'll need to wear some kind of mask and the bathroom will be unusable for days afterward..Every two months.
like bathing in a box of Mentos -The Freshmaker-  Upvote!
Ya, but how do you use the three sea shells?
  .This similar post is what you are thinking of if you think OP is lying: .  
Nice one, dude.  Nice.
Where are your campmates?  They should be in the shot!!!  At least one of the many.
It was worth it, my friend. It was worth it.
how long was the exposure? i've tried to take similar photos while camping last weekend but i forgot my remote (which didn't allow me to set the camera exposure time on bulb), i havn't had much luck with anything less than a minute.
Amazing shot. Also . of ..
Very cool. Where at?
I have a similar picture that I took with my point and shoot her on long island at the custer observatory. The milkyway just looks white in my shot though.
I want to go camping with you, I usually just get a foot in the face from my tentmates. 

That's beautiful!! I wouldn't be mad if you woke me up for that :)
Great shot!
Did the sky look like that to the naked eye?
Can you share your EXIF data? I'm curious what the details are.   :)
You can't wait for the milky way to shift into position, fucking moron.
very nice...but, you could'of moved the tent instead of waiting for the entire universe to move!
I've been wondering how do to this. What do you set your camera settings at for shots like these? 
Wide aperture, low shutter speed, and a brilliant Dark Sky site. There are a bunch of websites dedicated to finding the perfect dark locations.
How low do you have your shutterspeed?
Thanks! This was in Sabrina Basin in Inyo National Forest, CA
Technically, you waited for the Earth to shift into position, which I think is way cooler.
[deleted]
He actually sounds pretty awesome. That's a really cool way to look at what had happened. 
REPOST
i think evry one who repost.is should die.(confesion bear meme) lol
No, it's not. . is what you're suggesting as the original, which clearly is not the case.
[deleted]
You're thinking of .. Don't be a dick to OP. 
Oh the cynicism lol I was actually one of the tent mates that he woke up and here's my shitty version of our tents during day time .
Have a little more faith and give people credit for their work.Edit: spelling 
Vertical shot: 
.
Shot when the moon was still out:

[deleted]
Link to the assumed original?
This is what you're being accused of reposting. Pretty obvious not a repost.
Sorry, this really is an original taken this weekend, I even have the raw file. There are plenty of other similar pictures though
We know it is yours, but this is reddit and idiots get upvoted all the time... have an upvote sir, great shot. Can you share the metadata? (f/s/iso/camera/lens/focal)
The photo was taken with an Oly E-M5 and panasonic 8mm, settings:
f5.0 / 40 seconds / iso 1250.Generally if you're going for stars and not star trails you want to keep the exposure time under a minute (I think 30 seconds is ideal or you start to get star movement in the photo) and bump up the ISO until they expose correctly.  I used a third headlamp to light up the front of the tent to set my focus in the dark, and would turn it off before starting the exposure.
I love the E-M5. .DOes that live bulb come in handy?
It's nice in theory.  It was definitely cool at first, but in reality it doesn't give a very good representation of the photo (imo), and it drains the crap out of the battery!.I'll use it during my first shot to get an idea of how my settings are, but after that I turn it off to conserve.
I have a Sony A55. You don't know battery sucking until you've used this..350 shots CIPA but I think they lied. I don't even get that without using flash.
SHOWING PICTURES OF BAD GUYS MEANS SAYS BAD GUYS ARE GOOD GUYS.  PEOPLE WHO SAY BAD GUYS ARE GOOD GUYS ARE BAD GUYS TOO.  I DO NOT LIKE BAD GUYS BECAUSE I AM A GOOD GUY.  CHEER GOOD!  BOO BAD!  THIS AM MY SOCIOPOLITICAL THEORY.
I don't understand this reaction at all.  If Rolling Stone is publishing an article about the Boston Marathon Bomber, why is everyone freaking out that they put a picture of said bomber on the cover??  Should they have found a more unattractive picture of him?  Tempest in a teacup?
Rolling Stone publishes well researched and well written articles. They have had OJ Simpson and Charles Manson on the cover before as well. Also, their article about General McChrystal was brilliant. We shouldn't let sentimentality get in the way of great journalism. It is a sad state of affairs when Rolling Stone covers issues better than other media outlets. I'm glad they are defending their decisiong and sticking with the article. If Djohar is their big article, they should put him on the cover. It doesn't glorify him. Other publications have had dictators on their covers, no big deal! I will occasionally buy a copy on the newsstand but after this, and after them standing their ground on this issue, I will now subscribe.
I think Thomas missed the entire point..Besides which, I don't remember anyone raising a stink about ..
Sure, they shouldn't have done that... Just don't buy the magazine and stop making a BIG DEAL ABOUT IT!!!!
I wonder, how many people who are complaining have ever bought a Rolling Stone magazine? I'd like to hear from subscribers and those who occasionally buy it. Funny, I think I might actually pick up a copy, because I'm curious what they wrote.
I'm still shocked. People read Rolling Stone?
I think Rolling Stone will turn in a fine piece, they usually do. But to say that no one can feel outraged about this is pigheaded and insensitive. For shame.
All these people who dont understand the point he is making is that they are making him even more famous and showing other terrible people what they can accomplish.
so many terrorists in hereAMIRITE?
Hitler and Stalin were Time Person of the year in back to back years in 1938 and 1939.  Both publications have their merits and pitfalls, one decision is deemed ok and the other is deemed a travesty. People are making a huge deal about this, but why don't we wait until we can read what the story says before passing judgement on the editors at Rolling Stone. 
I am going to write one paragraph about how dumb you are and then one paragraph about how dumb it is to write a paragraph about how dumb you are.
People freaking out over this are over reacting in a truly baffling way.  This is nonsensical false outrage, or logically dubious real outrage.  Neither are merited. 
Rolling Stone is humanizing the Boston Marathon Bomber? That's what people are getting pissed off for? Instant outrage may seem like a good way to express ones self, but it's lazy. Just lazy. 
There will be no possible way to understand these attacks until you understand that the people behind them are, in fact, humans operating from some very human motivations.  Humanizing is not a bad thing, even when describing horrifically evil actions.
Jesus fucking Christ they did a story on Tsarnaev that they wanted to lead with. Why is it any different than the NY Times or some other paper having his picture on the front page?
I'm a subscriber. Although I feel it is in bad taste as there are other ways to present the same article, this is not the first time theyve printed something controversial. .I'm sure the article will be informative but the cover does bother me a bit. 
It is their magazine not yours so quit bitching about it.
I'll translate the letter into Meninospeak..Deermissrwenner.Yeraoguserdcuvuhrew...warsaturistwicelebbitytreemen. Sillconceevdahbes anrefirms aterble mesich thadessrushin gains fame fa killahs antheeyahkausus. Dere meybe valable jernlism behin yer sensasshanlist stamen doughwecanno bcuz almoss all yew releassedizzacovva .To respawned to yew in angah is to feed into yoah awbvieus makitingstragee. So I write to you inssaid toputdafokess where yew couldve: on da bwave anstrawngservivings an awn da thoussendsapeeple - dere famleenfrends, vawlenteahs, ferst respawndahs, dawktahs, nerses, an donuts, - who have come to dere side. Among dose we loss, dossat servive, andossathelpcarredemfowerd, dere r arsins, mussishins, dansahs, an writahs. Dey have dreams an plans. They shruggleanshrive. Da survivahs of dabossintacks desserve Rollinshone covah stawries, dough I no lawngah feel dat Rollinsone serves em..Sinsserly.Tawmess "Mumbles" Menino.
I'm a subscriber, and I believe Rolling Stone maintains a high caliber of journalism, one that we rarely see today. They aren't glorifying the man, they're describing him, and attempting to analyze the complexity of the issue. .Thomas Menino is completing wrong in this situation, and I'm keeping my Rolling Stone subscription.
Good Guy Mumbles*
All I could hear was his mush-mouse voice while reading that letter.
Me too! yerobvusmarket...smarmet...stragee
Apparently I disagree with everyone else making comments.  I agree with Thomas.  Glorify those who helped others and who lost their lives.  Don't make the terrorist look like a model.  I always hate to see killers getting the spotlight and the people who do genuinely good acts being cast in the shadows.  It is one of the big problems with our country.  You get more appreciation and notoriety for committing atrocities than acts of heroism.

Hey, at least you commented to say so.  I'm seeing a lot of downvotes on almost every comment in this thread.  Apparently most of those who agree with you are too cowardly to speak up..In any case, it's not "glorification."  Also, it's not like Rolling Stone got him into a studio and did a fashion shoot with him.  He happens to look like that in that picture.  And if the article is about how it can be difficult to spot somebody who would do this, then the picture is instructive in that regard..This over-simplistic, almost . "bad guys should always be displayed as negatively as possible, if at all, so there's no confusion about whether you're on their side" bullshit is just that.  It's the kind of thinking that leads to "red scares."
Rolling Stone put that guy on the cover for shock value. They wanted people to be disgusted with the magazine so it would be talked about, and so they could sell more copies. I'm sure they're going to succeed in that regard, and it's unfortunate and sad that this is where journalism is now days. Journalists just want to sensationalize everything to cause drama and make more profit. If it isn't dramatic then it won't sell.
I don't think that was their intention at all.  This reaction is unreasonable, and no reasonable person should have expected it..I repeat:.It has value.  You look at that and you think "there's no way I would have suspected that guy."  .  And it's a very important point for us to think about, instead of ducking our heads under the sand and saying "no no no no no" until the bad information goes away..And when they try to point this out to people (through the visual of the cover) what do they do?  Now they refuse to look at a magazine.  This trend keeps up, and you'll have to start putting sticky notes on your screen to cover up these scary words.
You hate when people insult you obviously. It's insulting for you to attempt to negate my opinion with such a bullshit statement. Debate back, don't make some stupid fucking senseless insult. You don't even provide a counter argument..Fact is, they put that asshole on the cover of Rolling Stone like he was Iggy fucking Pop and I just don't agree with it. We talk about how the media glorifies terrorism every day, well here is a perfect example of just that. It's shameful to say the least. 
You taking insult is insulting to me.  It's offensive and obnoxious an you should apologize..They put Bin Laden on the cover of Time like he was the U.N. Secretary fucking General..Displaying an image of a person does not constitute approval of their actions.  That's insanely simplistic thinking.  If you're insulted to be told that your belief is bad, then so be it.  It's on you to get over it.  Maybe then we can discuss the actual issues..There's nothing for you to agree or disagree with, since nobody asked for your permission..If you and others like you refuse to recognize that terrorists don't always look like terrorists, if we don't talk about that because you want the bad information to go away and stop upsetting you, then we're always going to have a terrorism problem.  Thanks for that.
I'm insulted that you took insult from me being insulted so go fuck yourself. .Time is a completely different type of magazine than Rolling Stone. It is expected that Time would put a terrorist on the cover. No one was enraged by that. When Rolling Stone does it, it sends a completely different message. One month Justin Bieber may be on the god damn cover, the next it's that fucking terrorist. What kind of message does that send? Not a positive one. .No one asks for you ridiculous teenage fucking opinions, but we get plenty of those. .This is the stupidest statement you've made yet out of a barrage of stupid statements. Just like you always try to do, you manipulate what I say into a completely different meaning that suits your argument. I have no problem "talking about" the bad information. It's not upsetting to me in the least. Obviously i'm arguing about terrorism with you, so I must not be to upset about the subject, huh? You're so fucking illogical it's just impossible to debate with you. You don't win, you just say stupid fucking things that have nothing to with what I just said. You change and manipulate constantly to fit your own bickering needs. It's fucking pathetic. I'm done arguing with a child. You're just too fucking simple minded to even try to have a conversation with. 
It doesn't "send a message."  Speaking in terms of "sending messages" is just dumb.  This is completely an eye of the beholder thing..People have posted examples throughout this comment section of other Rolling Stone covers showing news figures instead of rock stars.  It's just ignorant to insist that anybody portrayed on the cover of their magazine must be a rock star in some sense..It's not my fault you're saying stupid shit.  And running over what you said with a highlighter and sticking it back in your face isn't "manipulating."  The only people who . make that claim are people whose argument was unsupportable to begin with.
Yes. Thomas's letter was thoughtful, intelligent, and more to the point, correct..Rolling Stones cover is just the latest, and in my opinion most egregious, example of the media focusing on the wrong thing in the wrong way.
I'm not sure you know what appreciation means. Notoriety yes, but appreciation is a whole other thing.  .And while I agree that a spotlight on the Boston bombings should be on the survivors and helpers, I don't think that this is a piece on that. Based on the other comments here, the bombings are more like the context for this article, not it's purpose. It sounds like this article is more a fear mongering type piece that could be summed up as "Anybody could be a terrorist," because these guys certainly didn't seem like terrorists.
Exactly!  I appreciated the article. It was beautifully written and very understanding to the community!  But by putting Tsarneav's face on the cover in the way it was, it just makes it seem like he was more important than the people he killed. I am not angry at the magazine for the article, but I would like to see more emphasis on those who saved lives, who carried people they didn't know from the blast and are worthy of a magazine cover.
There's no glorification here.  They didn't touch up the photo.  .Was the NYT glorifying him?  No.  They were reporting.  This is false outrage.  It's probably ginned up to distract us from something.
All these people are hauling out the torches and the pitchforks over what - a photo on the cover of a magazine.  We had pictures of . on the covers of magazines and newspapers for ten years.  The . of 9/11 were pictured everywhere.  Who complained then?  Nobody.  Why?  Because they all looked "foreign" to us.. made the cover of Time Magazine - not just once or twice, but ..  Once with the words "The Face of Terror", once with the question "Should He Die?", and the last time with "Execution On Hold"..Who complained about that?  . complained about that..Rolling stone does a piece about this guy - and I'm going to assume that it is a well-done examination of who this kid was before and up to the time of the bombing - and they put his picture on the cover.  WHAT'S THE BIG DEAL???  Should they have "shopped" a scraggly beard and some war paint onto him?  Would that have made everybody feel better?  Maybe throw in a swastika tattoo on his forehead for good measure?  Would he have looked evil enough then?.This is what the guy looks like.  He could be your neighbor.  And that is why everybody is so pissed off - because he doesn't look the part of a terrorist.  They didn't use a frightening-enough photo of this fellow.  Because evil people are SUPPOSED to look nasty..There is no glorification going on, only an examination.  Rolling Stone would never make this guy out to be a hero.  If you can't deal with what this person really looks like, keep your eyes closed and remain blind to reality.
I think its ridiculous that people are saying that hes getting the "Rock star treatment" and that its glorifying his actions. When Rolling Stone had Charles Manson on their cover you didn't see a spike in serial murderers now did you? People need to realize that these magazines are made to sell stories, and that as unpopular as this kid may be, his unthinkable actions and reasons are things that need to be dissected and shared publicly, so people can get answers and hopefully stop this kind of thing from happening again
I think that they are pissed off because he looks so much like Morrison...
I don't think that's the point really. I think this was mostly because people think that RS is glamourizing him, when they are really just trying to show how normal he really seemed. I don't think anybody is worried about seeing an increase in terrorist activities because of this.
wonderful point. To add on, how many magazine covers do high profile murder trial defendants get? How many magazines have had OJ, Zimmerman, Casey Anthony, Jodi Arias, Scott Peterson, etc been on? 
I'm pretty sure that is much more terrifying than a nasty-looking man.
preach it brotha. Hitler and Stalin were Time Person of the year in 1938 and 1939. 
Remember, that was based on their relative influence on the world, not because they were praised in anyway.
Pretty sure the purpose of the cover isnt to praise tsarnaev
Exactly.  The mayor can't handle the fact that the kid looks like... a kid.  He thinks that's "glorifying" him.  NOPE- that's just what he looks like, and that's the story.  How can a well off kid growing up with lots of friends end up doing ..
Rolling Stones Boston Bomber Cover Is Brilliant = .Last sentence in that article - "As Tsarnaevs many friends could attest, we arent as good as wed like to believe at spotting the evil beneath the surface.".or, in other words, the fact that he doesn't look scary and monstrous - yeah, that's the most important lesson in all of this. Terrorism isn't exclusively the realm of old, scraggly middle eastern guys with scruffy beards, leather skin, and foreign robes, and demonizing people who look a certain way doesn't make us any safer.
And now I know that this asshole has supporters.  Mostly girls.  WTF girls?
If the entire population of Boston is half as brave as the mayor suggests, they can deal with the cover and the implications.....unless, dare I imply after watching world events the past 12 years, a politician might use a shared tragedy to unify a voter base for votes.
Menino's not running again. As for the first part of your post, it's not even worth getting into.
If he publicly announced he wasn't running again, I'm not sure anybody would know.
Politicians announce "retirements" quite frequently, even guys in their 70s. He didn't get this far by closing windows on himself.
I think they chose the image to put forth this idea: "Look at this guy! He's handsome! Who would have ever thought he'd be a terrorist!? But he is. This is the story." From an editorial perspective, I think it's brilliant.
Exactly. They did it with . a while ago, but this just doesn't have the same effect. Manson was highly stylized, and even so he has a crazy look to him that Tsarnaev just doesn't have.
It also looks like the iconic image of 
Good catch! It really does
Clearly, the perspective in this pic is skewed. YES, he's a giant, but not quite as big as the pic makes him out to be.
Looks like Manute Bol 
he looks like Obama
She has no feet. 
Why do I feel like he should be wearing high heeled shoes?
Cuz his legs greatly resemble Renee Zellweger's?
maybe i've been playing to many games but i can imagine that place would be a pain in the ass to besiege
Whats with all these pictures dat r permotin terresism. Thats bad guys :-;
Fan doesn't do jack shit since dogs don't sweat. The only reasons humans feel cooler with a breeze or fan is because it evaporates the moisture off of our skin which creates massive cooling.
Well done!
.... I just let my dog ride inside the truck.
Nope! You should never ride with a person or pet in the back of a truck. If you have to stop short or hit something they go flying out of the truck bed to their deaths.
Good on you for securing your dog while in transit.  Many dogs loose in truck beds have come to an early demise.  You might consider a harness though in case you have to swerve or jam the breaks.  That noose might not be terribly comfortable in case of an accident.
Well the dog is not inside the car, thats a very good thing. It does sit in the shade, also good. And it has obviously a fan to cool down a little, another great thing. I'm guessing the owner also left some water for the dog, would be even better. Just hope it doesnt take to long to get back to the car. The dog still can overheat easily. Thumbs up for this owner though!
Stil not safe to keep him/her in the bed of the truck. At least while moving. 
That prissy little bitch.
Hey, I'm all about being good to your pets, but it's still just a dog. An animal vary capable of living in the wild.
FFS leave the pets at home on hot days. 
It also isn't safe to have a fan just clipped to the side, or an umbrella standing there while moving.  So i'm just going to go ahead and guess that he's not about to just up and drive off like this.
And if you leave the dog inside the truck during the summer, even with the windows cracked, you are an asshole and I'm calling the police. That is the point of this post.
Except for the fact that the dog is in the flatbed of a truck, uncrated.  . 
It has a leash on.
Hopefully it's short enough that he can't jump out and strangle himself. This thought is seriously distressing me :(
Most people (not all, sadly), know enough to tie it in the middle of the bed, and make it short enough so the dog can't go over the side.
Lassie deserves only the best.
I really doubt if he is going through all this to keep his dog comfortable and safe that he drives with him in the back. I'd think he's only doing it to keep the dog out of the hot cab while he is eating. 
I thought of:
"."  .(mildly NSFW)
[deleted]
Clipping longhaired dogs in summer months actually prevents them from regulating their temperature as efficiently. So no, it doesn't make them more comfortable.
Better than some perhaps by far but I still do not wish to accept this as the right way to do pet ownership.  I understand pets must be confined but this seems almost like an egotistical display.  People are saying they see this dog therr everyday.  Is that really where  and how you think a dog wants to live life?
Have you noticed how reddit's idea of right seems entirely based on opinion?
Really?  A fan in the back of an open air truck bed?  The best bet you got going with that is a clipped tongue or an electrocuted puppy.
I have that fan. A dog's tongue would probably break it before it hurt them. 
Let's hope so.  
[deleted]
Heat is exchanged via evaporation from their tongue and probably even exposed areas on their ears. If the warmed air (from heat lost . the body) is pushed away, cooler air is brought in to replace it and the cooling can continue. If there was no air movement, the cooling effect would be significantly diminished as you'd be trying to cool with air that is basically already body temperature
Making the bed of a truck comfortable doesn't make it safe.
OR leave your mutt at home.
I just leave the ac on full blast and car running with doors locked.
Think about this, if the universe is infinite, like some astrophysicists believe... Somewhere, that dog is Adolf Hitler.
[deleted]
Really? That's pretty much the exact same title. 
A fan won't do shit for a dog since they don't sweat
auto start /w temp monitoring. a/c on.  also awesome in the winter. I generally try not to leave her at all though..guess im not an asshole.
It's an issue I get my somewhat bent out of shape about. I didn't mean you personally. I live in Texas and people will frequently leave their dogs in the car in the summer when it is 110 degrees outside and the dogs will very frequently die.
Its too late. you already hurt my feelings. I'm taking my ball back, and going home.


So he he if he falls out the leash will either be long enough that he actually does get road rash, or any amount shorter than that so he can strangle? 

Where I live, the rednecks don't even bother with a leash when they throw their dogs into the back of their pick ups.  I've even seen them jump up and ride on the tool boxes or even the roof of the cab without a single fuck given.  Perhaps that is why I tend to think of anyone who puts their dogs in the back as a complete moron.  
Now what if... bear with me here.  What if... now i know this is crazy.  What if... i'm telling you man, what IF, the guy puts the dog in the cab when he leaves, but just lets it sit in the bed so it doesn't fry while he eats?   .Who's the complete moron now?
Call me crazy; but I only take my dogs with me when there are activities for them to do with me.  I for one would not leave my babies out where anyone could grab them and run off with them before I could even get to the restaurant door... but maybe that's just me.  
Didn't see that, so I guess this guy . doing it right.  
Well I'm glad the umbrella won't fall out. 
Dogs don't have sweat glands, what use is a fan to them?
Had a lady yell at me and my wife for leaving our dog in the car. For (I counted) 5 minutes. In 65 degree weather. In the shade. Tinted windows. Let's just say it was funny when the dog came out of the car...she tried to give it love and it wanted nothing to do with her. Dog don't want that kind of taint. Save that soapbox for someone that doesn't buy his dogs sweaters for the winter for long walks. 
When you think of it as companionship, . you're doing it right.
Water bowl, fan, sunshade, AND the leash is anchored to the center of the tool box so the dog won't jump overboard and choke.  Awesome.
Am I crazy or does this seem pretty excessive?
It seems like more effort than just leaving the dog at home with food, water and shade, yeah. 
This is a very cute picture and much better than leaving him to die inside of a hot car; however, things like this always make me a bit uneasy because someone could take the dog unless the owner is just a few feet away and constantly watching. Some people will take advantage of easily available dogs and use them as bait dogs for dog fighting, make money selling them for research, or snatch them to resell them (.). I'm not saying this applies to the owner of the dog in the photo because I obviously don't know the circumstances, but it's something to keep in mind when you are out with your own pets!
or just leave the car on with AC
That dog looks like it's wearing a fur scarf.
Lassie!!
DUTCHESS!
Hey! I have that same fan!  SWEET! .Now all I need is a dog... and a truck... (good thing I have an umbrella too)
nobody fucks with the lassie
How do you know it wasn't a dognapping?
Yeah, I've seen this dog at Bojangles multiple times. He is owned by an elderly man who will give him a bite to eat after he has finished his meal. He'll also put a Santa hat on him at Christmas time. :)
I love rough collies! They're so gentle and sweet!
I would do that if I had a dog. and a truck.
awesome!
Classy Lassie
For some reason this image fails to load with the ".jpeg" extension in the url as this link has it.  It loads almost instantly if you change the extension to ".jpg"
That bitch looks so brushed out, like she's doing a show and shit...
lassy always was a prima donna 
Was really sorry to see this was the only Lassy comment here. haha..edit: was not expecting to get downvoted for appreciating Lassy. but okay.
That dog totally looks like Reveille the Texas A&M mascot. (who they totally would do this for- except she can't ever leave her handler's side) 
wait. how is he getting that fan to run?  i need to know cause i need to set something like this up.
Probably hard wired to the battery. If it isn't left on for long, it is fine. Same as how you can turn on just the radio in your car for a long time before the battery gets too low. Or maybe it is wired to a plug in the cigarette lighter, which would still follow the same idea as the previous method. That little fan would have to be on for hours before it would be an issue. 
ok. i worry about draining the battery. but i'll look into this.
a 12 volt deep cycle battery could power a fan like that for about 5 or 6 days straight.
is that quite expensive compared to just a normal battery? forgive my ignorance.
They are a little more expensive than a normal car battery, about $150. You could just carry it around in the bed of the truck and charge it with a float charger when you needed. Then get a 12 volt fan you like that has battery terminal clips and you are all set, or a power inverter if you want to run regular 110v stuff.
I wouldn't run a deep cycle as a starter battery in the winter, but keeping one in the truck bed or the trunk isn't a bad idea at all.
You could get a separate one just for the fan (as someone below said), or you can just wire it to the one powering your car (or something else drawing power from it, like the cig lighter or trailer adapter). Unless you leave the fan on for a long ass time, it isn't going to draw enough to kill the battery. Save yourself the $150 for just a fan setup unless you have other things you would want to power for long periods of time. 
Someone with a truck like that probably has a boat, RV, golf cart, or other battery operated toy. I bet this non-jerk even has a battery securely strapped in near the tool box and has an inverter to run the fan. Not only does he have shade and water for the animal, I bet he doesn't even let stuff slide around the bed of the truck. .Deep cycle batteries are designed to be fine if drained low and can last a long time and do not tend to cost much more (depending on amp hour rating) than a car battery, which is designed for quick discharge to start a vehicle rather than slow discharge to run devices which do not have much draw..It is moot in this instance since this is obviously a 12V fan (look at the gauge of the wire) and appears to be running to the trailer plug (which means the accessory switch must be on to operate) it. 
awesome
[deleted]
They are just trailer hook-ups.  They come in all shapes, sizes, and adaptations.  At certain interstate truck stops they are only a dollar or two.
IMO, people who treat their pets this way likely don't even see pets as something they "own". They see them as companions. Some of the worse animal abuses I've seen in person have been from people who treated their pets as just another form of property.
looks like he has it run to the trailer adapter
Hadn't even thought of that (and I own a truck!). Brain fart. You are probably right. Still the same idea, in a round about way, though. It all gets its juice from the same place. :)
Here come all the redditors who think leaving your dog in the car for 5 minutes with the windows down a few inches is similar to murder.
It appears that leash might strangle the dog if it happened to jump out of the bed. Perhaps it's too short for the dog to get to the edge, though.
This is actually a very valid concern. .My dad grew up at the shore, and one of his neighbors would leash their dog by the nearby bulkheads (basically the land stops, there's a couple feet of a drop, and then water). Well, they weren't paying attention one day and the dog gets excited, jumps over the bulkhead-- except it was still leashed, meaning the poor little thing was hanging himself and struggling. Happy ending though, because somebody scooped him up and he was scared, but okay..Folks, never leave your leashed dogs near a drop. Even a tiny one, if far enough from the tied base, can cause the dog to be strangled. 
Pretty sure the dog is used to this and well trained to know better than that. I assume the leash isn't long enough that would allow him to jump off anyway 
Owner knows if he didn't do that, lassie would just go get help.
In my mind, the dog set all this up while the owner was in the restaurant.
Touche
Moving air is still an effective way to cool things that are hotter than ambient.
[deleted]
Side note, more science, a fly can't fly in a fans breeze.  One of many reasons horse owners have box fans in the stall doors, as long as there is a breeze from a fan, a fly won't land on their eyes and start biting them.
Then why do computer fans exist?
[deleted]
Because your question was answered by the OP in the comments before you asked it.
The air trapped in the dogs fur is hotter than the ambient air.  So replacing the hotter air with less hot air will help to cool the dog.  
That dog looks damn comfortable.
looks like a regal sumabitch
I can still imagine some busybody calling the cops anyway. "this guy left his dog in his truck! in this heat! that's the rule, don't leave kids or dogs in vehicles in the heat!"
He's not IN the vehicle.
That fact won't stop people from calling the police anyway. 
Yes, I believe that was his point. Did you not notice the word "anyway"?
Happened to me.  Came out of the store to find an irate hambeast and the two cops trying to calm her down.  I just sauntered up, the cop looked at me, I nodded, and he went back to trying to get a word in.  As she worked herself up about how my dog was in danger he finally cut her off and said, "The top is down, there's no windows . doors and it's parked in the shade.  The dog is essentially outside and it's fine.  It's a Jeep."  She was still yelling as I hopped in and drove away.
I leave my dog in the car, in his crate, with all the windows down, parked in the shade. It is definitely . cooler in the car than outside under those circumstances. Thankfully have not had anyone call the cops on me, lol..I swear some people have no common sense. It's like they just hear "if you leave your dog in your car it could die" and don't even understand WHY. I think it's great that people are caring about dogs safety though.
Been there, only I leave my labs up front, truck running AC on Doors locked. Still had the cops called. They where more concerned that I left the truck running. I unlocked it stepped back and dared him to open the door. My black just gave him the hairy eyeball and lifted his lips a bit. Cop decided he didn't want to open the door. After I opened it though both of them where right there wanting him to pet them. .Cop ripped the lady that called a new one.
probably not a good way to handle it.  if he would of obliged, and opened the door, and felt the dog would of lunged at him in a threatening manner, since he was already curling his lips. probably would of shot the dog, shrugged his shoulders and said "oh well"  
Dear fucking god..It's would have, not would of.  Should have.  Could have..When you type it out and read it, how the hell does it not bother you that it grammatically does not make ANY sense whatsoever?.I've noticed this trend since summer started.  It's like language arts doesn't exist anymore.
I doubt Zugzub would have actually let the cop open the door if the dog was giving him the stink-eye. He was just making a point to the officer. 
Your right, I wouldn't have. Even if I had, before he could have gotten it open the whole way the dogs would have both been in the back seat tails wagging with their happy faces. They don't give a fuck who is driving as long as they are riding.
No way man, this is reddit.  Where cops shoot dogs, everything is a repost and wasn't there something about narwhals a couple years ago?
Woulda shoulda?
Easy Dude, It's not .  going to help. You will just give yourself a heart attack.
Apparently this guy leaves his dog in the truck pretty often, if he has such an elaborate system in place.
Except it can be.. So there's that.
Please cite one reference where a dog died in 5 minutes in a car..Apparently dogs drop dead being outside for 5 minutes in the summer in Texas or Arizona.
No, 5 minutes in a car is not going to kill your animal.  I think the issue comes from people not thinking and turning a 5 minute trip into a 30 minute adventure, and with ambient temperatures reaching well over 100 degrees, it does not take long for a dog in a car to get heat stroke.  
Then that's a problem with someone not thinking, not with leaving your dog in the car for 5 minutes.  Every time this discussion comes up anyone who says they leave their dog in the car for short periods of time, or in safe situations, gets downvoted into oblivion, and it's straight stupid.  
One of my best friends had his window smashed out after leaving his dog in his car, WITH AN OPEN MOON ROOF, for literally less than 60 seconds while he walked to the ATM.  Women came out of the grocer, saw the dog, immediately grabbed a stone and shattered his window.  
Woman insane, surprise.
You do have a point.  I guess, with all things, responsibility is what it boils down to.  It does only take one person to ruin something for everyone else.  .I stand corrected.
Just saying, this same argument can be used against anything, but since it's a dog reddit flips the fuck out.  A quick google search shows there are crib related deaths every year, but there's no reddit outcry to stop putting babies in cribs or keep watch on them the entire time they are in there.
I very much doubt that there were any studies performed to determine the minimum time required to kill an animal at a given temperature, but that doesn't mean leaving them in a hot vehicle isn't dangerous
Every article I found (not many) indicated either no time specified, or 1-2+ hours in heavy heat areas.  So yea, I won't have any issues making quick stops with my pups in the car, no more than I did letting them run around in the 105 degree hot Texas sun when I still lived there.
Then for the sake of your animals, I hope you're right. I wouldn't, however, give any sort of advice amounting to "Meh, they'll be fine" to others convincing them to follow suit. When the stakes are their life, erring on the side of caution is best..I will say that 5 minutes should be fine (with the windows down as much as possible), but the concept of time can change when you're disconnected from the situation, and what seemed like only 5 minutes can turn out to be much more.
Erring on the side of SCIENCE is the best.  Take a course in thermodynamics.  Not all cars are created equal.  Not all cars vent air equally.  Not all cars heat equally.  Not all car windows are polarized or shaded equally.  There are a lot of variables the average joe-dumbfuck doesn't understand.
Indeed, so I wouldn't want them to think "I've got all these sciencey sounding doodads, I'm sure they'll be fine". Being informed on what is acceptable would be best, but there are variables concerning the individual animal that would also confound our best estimates (that we also can't really factor), so again, I personally err on the side of caution..Do I take my girl with me, and do I occasionally have to stop in somewhere for a minute? Yes. If there's something that I see will delay me (like a lineup), do I keep waiting? No, I leave and come back without her in the car if I absolutely must have whatever it is I went in to get
It all depends on the situation.  As I replied to someone else, babies die in cribs every year.  There's no reddit outcry/downvote brigade when someone says they have their baby sleep in a crib..No, I'm not going to let my dog sit in the sun in 100 degree heat for any period of time.  But when it's 70 degrees with the windows down (and preferably in the shade,) stopping for 5-10 minutes isn't going to kill your dog.  (Arguably longer, but i'm not inclined to push it.).Alternatively, if reddit is so against leaving your dog in the car for 5 minutes, then they should be against taking your dog outside in the sun in 100 degree weather without constantly bathing him in water.
The two aren't really comparable though. There's nothing inherently dangerous about cribs, and nothing inherently dangerous about being in cars, so yeah, it depends on the situation (the ambient temperature). It'd be like having your child continue to use a crib with know recalls because they'll only be using it for X amount of time..Walking your Dog and leaving them to bake in a car are not really comparable
No one suggested baking him in a car, I get downvoted saying my dog is fine in my car for 5-10 minutes.  If they aren't OK in your car for that long then they aren't OK on a hike in 100 degree weather.
No, no one ever suggests it because it's never intentional. On a walk, you are open to the air, so more evaporative cooling can occur, you can walk through shaded areas, and you're also WITH your Dog and you can gauge their condition. They aren't really comparable.

He does and the dog is always happy.
I assume the leash is very short as the driver has given the dog plenty of other luxuries, but just a warning to Redditors, never leave your dog in the back of a truck with a long leash, as it can lead to the dog accidentally strangling itself if it tries to jump out of the truck. 
:( 
I lived near some people who had a chihuahua with a long leash...it loved to climb up a tree and hang itself over the fence :C . I was late to school twice to save it, tried to tell the fuckers to keep their dog inside. They just said he was fine and could get back in if he wanted. To emphasize: while hanging, it would be squealing, barking, and snarling, clearly not in a happy state. Well, didn't see or hear their dog again after those two times I: " .
It looks like the end of your post got eaten. I was enjoying the story.
As opposed to when a dog intentionally strangles itself because ..
Common fucking sense.
As long as he doesn't drive around with the dog in the bed of the truck.
I hate that you got downvoted, because I fully agree.  The setup is cute and all, but riding in the back of pick ups just isn't safe for anyone.  Simple fender benders that are more than survivable from the cab of the truck can easily be fatal to someone riding in the bed.  
They make some decent harnesses for carrying dogs in a pickup bed, that are designed to keep the dog from flying out of the vehicle in an accident.
Hopefully this man has one of those, seeing as he cared enough to put up an umbrella and a fan for his dog. I've seen the aftermath of dog's bounced out of a truck bed and dragged on the road by their leash...not pretty. 
I'm sure that's true; but where I live, I've never actually seen anyone restrain the dog in the bed in any way.  They are running all over the bed, hanging over the sides, jumping up on the tool boxes, etc.  I even saw one that jumped up and the roof of the cab at every stop light and slid back off into the bed when the driver took off again. .Anyone who witnessed stupidity of that degree on a regular basis would probably be extremely turned off by this practice as well. 
I grew up raising dogs. I wince at a lot of unsafe ownership habits...
lol..oh god..    how lame of a society we have become.
anything can kill you.mine as well try to enjoy the little things.  If riding in a flatbed is one of those, go for it
I'm sure that kids would enjoy swimming unsupervised... but it's just not something that a responsible and intelligent parent allows. 
You're doing it right.Everybody will be dancing .And we'll be feeling it right.Everybody will be dancing .And you'll be doing it right.Everybody will be dancing .When we're feeling all right.Everybody will be dancing tonight.[x6]
My favorite song off that whole album.
So fucking over played already though. I'm starting to get sick of it. Still great, just hearing it WAY too much... 
Still love the song

Have a good day, my fine bro.

I tried to compensate for the lag, but it doesn't work perfectly. Nonetheless, it's really cool when it does.
The Gif moves a little slow or a little faster....I cant tell.
I don't know why but youtube links never work for me if someone links it to somewhere other than the start of the video :(
Try this link: .I replaced the "&start=" with "?start=" It might work better for the browser you're on.
That worked wonderfully for me.

Aww, I wanted to be cool.
Still nothing.. Listen don't take this the wrong way but it's not going to work. Don't blame yourself, it's me not you.
No... I will try until I make this work! I WON'T GIVE UP ON YOU!!.Option 2: Have you been cheating on me with the IT guy?!
The videos are blocked from being embedded due to the copyright.

ah neat, didn't know it was a video. saw it on . a while back and saved it. video's definitely much better :)

[deleted]
Sp-sp-sp-spam!
WHAT DID IT SAY I MUST KNOW
There was a spray bottle filled with water in the bed of the truck. .Edit: I should clarify that the owner was inside a Bojangles eating, not at work. .Edit 2: Looks like my preemptive strike on the "this is why your post is dumb" comments was a rousing success. .Edit 3: 
This is on Durant right?
Dogs cool themselves by evaporation from their nose, mouth and paws.  
Yes, dogs don't sweat to cool themselves down, but they do get hot. A fan would do a lot to remedy that. 
My dogs still enjoy laying by the fan in the garage resting during outside play
Mine, too. I assume since they pant it has similar cooling effects as sweating in front of a fan. Then again, I'm no .... 
A fan still cools regardless of the sweating and evaporation, . 
Cool?  No.  Displace?  Yes.  As the fan itself is not absorbing any of the energy, it is not technically cooling anything but rather just displacing the energized (heated) molecules.  
i meant cooling the person/animal, by displacing the heat emitted from the body your body temperature lowers.
yeah man, wind chill n shit.
The air moving over his body will still make him more comfortable - it will still draw the air over his fur that is heated up by his body away from him
Right. CPUs don't sweat either. :)
Shit, I think I might need a new motherboard...
I usually just, you know, leave my dog at home in the air conditioning.
Glad to see I'm not the only one.
Projection much?
I have no response to that.
Probably because it doesn't make any sense. 
Thank you, Abelard.
Dogs get lonely too.
It's true. That's part of why I work from home a lot.
Some dogs live outside.
We live in an apartment without much yard space, although she gets lots of walks. To say nothing of the fact that if she's away from people she gets all mopey and shit.
My dog is the same way- crated during the day and lots of walks..My parents' dog spends 90% of his day on the front porch and the other 10% running around.
Mine does. It is a treat for her to be inside the house
I don't know why people are downvoting you. I had an outside dog and he loved it. Got to run around and pee/poop whenever, was never forced to hold in his pee etc. He got to chase squirrels and stuff. He had a big shady tree with a doghouse and fresh water, and in the winter we put him in the barn with our horses. If it was super hot out, he went swimming in our pond, or he got to come in and lay in the air conditioning. 
He lived to be 16, even after battling heartworm as a puppy when we found him as a stray.
There's nothing wrong with an outside dog if it's well taken care of people!.Also, we played with him/took him for walks every day, it not like we just left him out there all by himself. We probably payed more attention to him than most inside dogs get.
Why own a dog if you won't let him be inside with the rest of the family? .Edit: her*
They lick butts and rub their butt on stuff. I kinda don't want that on my pillow.
Because she's a really big dog that loves running outside, chasing deer/squirrels and swimming in the pool/lake. I think the better question is why keep a dog that loves being outside cooped up in the house all day. 
Because dogs need to be part of a pact.
Doggy door? 
It's a big dog
But then he can't bark at the strangers in a parking lot.
People steal dogs all the time. Don't know why but if the dog is docile enough someone could take it.
My dog has a vagina.
Dogs are pretty upset when you get the pronouns wrong. They won't forgive you for a whole 30 seconds.
Of course they wouldn't. Why would they forgive you? How could they ever forge... SQUIRREL! 
What a bitch. 
Sometimes literally.
You don't know that.
My cat's breath smells like cat food.
Easy there Colby. I didn't mean 
I bet that sob even put fresh water in a dish before leaving.  Yah, fuck him for loving his pet..We should be angry and upset right?
The proof of this would be the water bottle that is wedged between the toolbox and the rear window. We have a GGG on our hands.
Only the finest Nestle Pure Life water for his bitch.
Uhh, Crystal Geyser please?
But really Nestl Pure Life always leaves me even more dehydrated and less-than-content. 
It's water.  You might have a serious medical problem...
Water bottle?  Check..Water bowl bolted to toolbox?  Check..It checks out.
And the fan! Holy shit I didn't even see the fan!

What movie is this from?
That is beautiful...
Moon.
Tupac: Resurrection 
looks like you can't handle a little sarcasm
Sarcasm.
Mission to Mars
Gangs of New York
.....How have you not seen Gangs of New York? 
Not every person has seen every movie ever made. And tbh, I didn't particularly like Gangs of New York. 
that movie was fucking amazing, the cast was so deep it was crazy...maybe a rewatch is in order?
I loved it but everyone I have shown it to has said it was okay best.
Jack and Jill.
That is both a long and amazing gif and I'm definitely not replying only to find it again on another machine.
You can save comments.
I accept my whoosh and downvotes like a man.
Don't, because his 'sarcasm' didn't make any sense in relation to your post.
Oh my god!!!! This is outside the Bojangles on Durant Road isn't it? I know it is. I see that dog every day. The best part is when he is driving he even has goggles he puts on the dog to protect his eyes from the wind. 
holy shit do I love bojangles!
I've seen that dog, too. I work near there. 
Like Raleigh durant rd?.If so, I'll have to look for this dog! .(Raleigh represent!)
Hey. Do any of y'all know this .?
why was that link already purple for me?

Haha, holy shit does that sum up nearly every job I work around here. 
Now I want bojangles. 
B0JANGLES!
ZIMBABWE!
BROJANGLES!
Nailed it. Yeah, I've seen him with the doggles on before, as well, riding around like a sir..Edit: I . regret the wording of this comment, but let it stand as a lightning rod for hatred.

  TIL.

Has somebody been watching Top Gear?
It's an actual product ya know?

"like a sir?" fuck off
Don't know why you're getting downvoted. That is precisely the way I felt when I saw his comment.

'Like a sir' and 'nailed it' in one comment.
This is so cool to see something relevant to my life on reddit. 

I'm still blown away more than one person has already figured out where this was taken.
Small world. 
You should have been eating at chubbys instead if you were over that way.
It's so cool!
I used to live on Durant road in an apartment complex right beside one of those medical centers and across the street from the Harris Teeter.  I do miss my Bojangles
Wait... they got a Harris Teeter over there now? Damn its been a while.
It's been a while.  I lived there about 3 years ago and it was there when I moved in 4-5 years ago.
Ahhh. So weird I know about everything you're talking about and is your name relate to Raleigh?
It is.

I logged in just to upvote this gif :)
It's a jpg.

I never thought one of these pictures would be directed at me. 
FINISH HIM!
Don't tell me that little rectangle is like the ring or whatver
You should x-post this to ..
My money's on the kid on the right.
did you ever stop a match early because one of the little tykes was screaming/crying for no reason?
As a guy, and someone who has a 6 yr old nephew, I think this is so fucking cute.
sweeeeeeeeet unibrow thing you got going on there man :D
I was 2003, 55 lb, Alabama State Champ
Twist: OP is 3'2"
I'll allow it!
That's cool and has always been a fantasy of mine..to take a bunch of five year olds and make them fight to the finish.  thunder dome style.
Can't help thinking it would be superb if you'd grabbed the spandex back straps and held both up as they snarled and clawed to get at each other...
Just have to say dude, wait until you are reffing high school and the two heavyweights tower above you on both sides....Might wanna take a picture of that one too.
those are some quality shoes you have there. where do you wrestle?
I wrestled when I was 5. I loved it, but my mom had to pull me out of it when she learned of other parents giving their kids diuretics.
USA, USA
You are official.

Cute!.The kids are adorable, too. ;)
OP is a Q.T 3.14
Dude, 5 year olds wrestle?  My son would get mopped up!
"Get those toes behind the line or so help me...!"
You look simply thrilled. I hope you got paid for this shit.
Is it weird I want to see a video of how these kids wrestle?.Kinda scared to google it....nope nope nope
If you want to see how bada** these little guys can be check this kid out:
Is it just me, or is it wrong to make your five year old child wrestle?
Title would be much funnier without the first R.
Seeing pictures like this makes me want to have kids. 
Hodor ?
They have wrestling for 5 year olds??!!
I thought it would go down like this 
I think I just peed my pants that is so cute
"I'll rip your head off and shit down your neck"
As a wrestler, I loved when we had tournaments for the little kids' club wrestling teams.  They were so fun to watch and ref for
i wrestle for my high school and when i ou little kid team needs help they asked us to go it was crazy kids drying  the best part has to be the crazed parents who when thier kid loses just starts screaming at the refs and score keepers very funny 
that. is. fucking. ADORABLE! 
So. Who won?
Just a guess, green won?
did the black kid win
Thatta boy Hunter Rich getting big time upvotes
I feel like this would be a more effective way to catch pedophiles than Myspace.
damn thats amazing to see, even at 5 years old that lil black kid looks like hes got way more muscle mass than the lil white kid. I love being a white guy but damn those black genetics are sweet.
You look ready to kick some 5 year old ass
Mongo only pawn in game of life.
That white kid is fucked
This is pretty fucking adorable.
This would make an incredible movie
Did you love it at Lovett?
Cool maybe with enough practice one will make it to the oly....olive garden.
I've got my money on the black one
Just a guess 
Is there a video of this match anywhere? It looks like it'd be hilariously crazy.
That's one of the most disturbing images i've seen.
Anyone know where I can get a video of these strapping young men wrestlin?
Hey OP where was this I might've been there...
How is this not child abuse?

Money on the black one.
National Geographic shit, that is. 
At least you're not .. 
Am I the only one who sees him as young Hodor?
Isn't the apple cider tournament at that school?? I remember wrestling there a couple years back!
My money is on the guy on the right.
Why is the rectangle they each put a foot on to start the match not in the middle of the ring? One kid has tons of space behind him to start while the other is already backed up against the edge...
Was this in Saline, MI?
HODOR
I had to be the time keeper one time for the state championships for 5 year olds and two parents actually fought
Cute AF
this needs to be on r/aww, i cannot handle the cuteness of their little wrestling outfits
Let's go Lovett. Coach Glasser will always be #1
This looks like something that Norman Rockwell illustrated. 
Haha, this shot reminds me of a Wes Anderson character introduction 
Pfft. Amateurs.
 (R/W).
Sorcery (Common).
Target creature you control with a converted mana cost of 1 or less gets +1/+0 and fights target creature an opponent controls with a converted mana cost of 1 or less..See more of my work ..
the kid on the right has excellent form 
Reminds me of Big John reffing the 125lbers.
You are adorable. Would bang. 
East Coast! West Coast! 
I didn't even know 5 year olds had wrestling tournaments.
I read this as "me . the five year olds...".Thought I had wondered into some disturbing new subreddit.
it's Shawn Spencer and Burton Guster from Psych (flashback to 1984)
You have your sweat bands on the wrong way round. 
Are those Air Jordan's?
Who in the flying fuck cares?
5 year olds shouldnt be wrestling
Nope, green goes on the right arm, at least in NFHS and NCAA. 
Treyvon vs Zimmerman
This comment hurt my brain. 
Op is a faggot
I wish you weren't making them wrestle so close to your penis
How does it feel that 50% of the adults in the audience are pedophiles
Oh look, a common idiot obsessed with paedophiles. Cant look at children and adults together without thinking about sex. 
I reckon they're at least better than beauty pageants for 5 year olds, marginally.
Did the black kid win or the white kid lose?
white kid won
bet the black kid wins
5$ on Trayvon
Black kid won.
He said white kid won.
Did happen to go to Saline High School? If so, what was it like going to school in a goddamn airport terminal?
I went for Junior and Senior year. The only bad thing was the people.
Black kid gonna I
Win.
RACE WAAAAAR
Not another race fight on Reddit.  Sigh.
0:42 - SWAGGAAAA
Keep it on facebook
nice catch, have an upvote
They don't give kids (anyone under like 13 or so) a whole mat.  If you notice, the lines are taped on this adult sized mat.  There is probably a tape line close by to the left marking off the other edge of the mat.  You could have about 6 little kid matches going on one adult mat.
Then how do the kids/ref know what is in bounds and out of bounds? Don't both shoulders have to be touching the mat and in bounds for a pin to count?
I'm a wrestling mom. Of course matches are stopped if one of them is crying. At least in our area where these tournaments are huge, it's completely age-appropriate.
I 2nd that and I'm a guy. 
lol... at least 2/2 would bang. 
My money's on the black.. uniform.
OP has a weird fetish
OPs a phony! A big fat phony!
Look at that racist on the left! 
Time for the horrible joke of the day:  "Trayvon vs Zimmerman Round 2"
Look at that little racist about to body slam the poor african-american child!
Why are they both wearing mismatched socks?
Actually, those are anklets. Collegiate and scholastic wrestling call the two wrestlers as "red" and "green". (Notice that OP's wrists have a red and a green wristband on them - points are signaled by the appropriate number of fingers on the hand with the appropriate wristband. So a takedown for green, worth 2, is signaled with two fingers on the right hand.).Since it's not always obvious by the singlets who should be red and who should be green (for instance, if both have a red singlet on), they'll use the anklets to designate who is red and who is green for the bout.
Oh.... I didn't know that. Thanks :)

This has to be the cutest thing I've ever seen

I think i have an idea who will win that fight.
The concentration in their eyes... someone's going down.
The boy version of beauty pagents
Fast forward 10 years and this is going to be the State finals match.
Fucking great.
I bet you felt like Andre the Giant.
If this were me, I literally would not be able to stop myself from shouting "FINISH HIM!" any time someone was close to winning.
This is the beginning of an indie film 
Mr Hayes?
You look like a giant.
That is the cutest thing I have ever seen!
So, which one grabbed your leg first?
I just imagine a room full of asian business men betting on them.
Sweep the leg! Sweep the leg!
A man amongst boys...no but really
Words....fail me...
...so which one did you eat?
You may have reffed the next Jordan Burroughs. 
You get a brownie point for that.
How do you become a ref for sports? Specifically boxing, wrestling, mma, Kickboxing. 
You apply just like any other job.  As long as you know the rules you're pretty much good to go..Source: I wrestled in high school and looked into it as a part time gig.
Andre the Giant.
Adorable!
That is just too cute!
Until you see one of the kids slam the other ones face into the ground, forcing a nose bleed. That's when I stopped anyway
Ouch! Is that common? D=
I've only been to one tournament
Sounds like some hippie bullshit on your part.
Don't ever call me a fucking hippie. It's just not a cute innocent little thing to watch. It's wrastling, faggot
No, but for you, yes
Gee I wonder who won...
I think OP said that red won the bout.
Well how about that
That seems like a real easy way to get your ass kicked by a MMA obsessed parent.  
I coach my towns rec wrestling team, these matches are the best part of it because they are hilarious and adorable lol
I used to work the scoring tables when my son wrestled youth club.  They sucked us in saying "Hey, we need to supply six table workers for tournaments.  You six go to the training, then you can train other parents."  .Ha!  Once they had their six people, no one else was about to step up to that orchestrated chaos!.Good on you for helping out the youth club! - even if it wasn't completely voluntary.
Lovett? 
I just need to comment on this so I can find it again. This is an awesome photo! I want it in 16 x 20. I don't know why. The absolute unimpressedness of the referee? The tiny perfect five year olds who have been sucked into some parent's vicarious athletic fantasies? 
This seems oddly appropriate after all of the 'Shaq holding stuff' posts the other day...
Hah I saw this on my facebook feed before I saw the original, thought I should share
Spoiler, the black kid wins
Actually, he didn't. Go upthread and read again.
50 bucks on the black kid.
He lost.


...are you single?
Why is the black kid wearing ladybirds on his ears? o.O
this is hands down, the most terrifying thing i've ever seen.  Children doing adult activities is creepy as fuck.
I got 5 on the black kid
I got 5 bucks on the black kid.

HORDOR!
I wonder who is going to win this athletic competition.
So you posted the same picture twice? Really?
I started wrestling when I was 5, and I can remember being in the exact same position as those little guys. It took great refs to make that sport fun for us kids. Keep up the good work!
Watch out -- violence against refs is on the rise. They'll get you.
In before someone post that gif of the two karate kids kicking the air.
Did you get the parents permission to post images of their children. If that was my kid I would be pissed at you especially in light of a recent photoshop images of your pic. 
If the whites dont win, we all jump in!
Its pretty clear based off of positioning and posture alone who is about to win this match.
The black kid looks like the valve guy.
did the white one shoot the black one in self defense? .oooooooooooooooo i went there. 
Wressssling
This belongs on your Facebook page, no one gives a shit here.
Just curious who won LOL....
Spoiler alert! The black kid won.
I think we all know who won that one.
it really scares me how young kids are being put into organized sports.
Why? I played on a soccer team when I was 5. It was fun and I made a lot of friends. Plus I'm sure it helped keep me in shape.
Why's that scarry?     It can improve social skills, not to mention the exercise aspect.  As long as the demands and expectations for the children aren't too high and the parents aren't forcing them into it then I think it is overwhelmingly positive.
chasing a ball with friends is exercise, this seems silly and I see no value in it at 5 years old. That's just me 
It's no different than kids rolling around at home.  It's really not that serious; like when puppies roll around and wrestle :)
This seems fairly normal? There are a ton of peewee sports and toddler dance classes and gymnastics..
$90 on the one on the right..[edit] This joke has been made, and I would have lost the bet, apparently. But... fuck OP.
Beat that white kid for Trayvon!
Black kid obviously won
HODOR!
Best comment ever
I reffed for some little kids and had to break up at least 3 tiny fights.
I think that wrestling is sadly under looked. I was lucky to grow up around a family that got me into the world of that beautiful sport. It taught me so much about respect & commitment I'd hate to think of the man I'd be today if I never got into this sport.  
I really wish wrestling was taught in school in Canada. I think a gym teacher tried once but the school didn't like it. I guess because it seemed too close to fighting to them. I'm very jealous of people like you who got that opportunity.
Yeah man, I'm sure the teacher is sorry about that now. Wrestling is a great sport, my personal favorite after soccer.
As a high school wrestler,  THANK YOU!
Nope. Atlanta, GA
I try to imagine what the people who downvote your comment saying where this match took place at were thinking when they did it.
I wrestle at Chattahoochee. You?
Those little boys are so stinkin' cute. They are super, duper serious.

Citizen, please state your sex and age. For . . .  a survey.
....well, this is awkward.
The . you posted this pic you said it was a pic from last winter, and then the . you posted it you said it was "at a wrestling tournament" and now the third time youre saying it was "last winter"... WHEN WAS IT OP? 
The answer to this question is tantamount to my enjoyment of the post. 
You would have done well on the prosecution team in the Zimmerman trial.
He really is milking this picture.
Maybe so, but I've never seen it before, a lot of people probably haven't.
What is this? For wrestling match for ants?
I only regret that I have one like to give for this.
I have but one downvote to give to this
Whoops, I copied the wrong title. This was from 2 years ago. 
[deleted]
He already proved that its him in the picture. He just posted to a different sub.

Also, I think it is crucial for the sport for it to be in the Olympics. Practically every other sport can be done in recreation or there is another top prize in the sport other than an Olympic gold. 
But what about dressage? Those prancing horses need recognition of their athletics!
Actually, I do a little work with the Olympics and it's likely that it will be reinstated. 
I hope so. Especially since the USOC just labeled 
Hello renaissance man.
yeah that's not real...
I posted it to Funny a while back, then to Photoshop Battles yesterday where someone said I should put it in Pics. 
You could make a Wes Anderson movie out of this photo.
Not enough yellow
That was my exact thought after seeing it. Jason Schwartzman would be the ref, and Bill Murray would be the father of one of the kids.
It would pan to the left then pan to the right 
And ridiculous anamorphic lens distortion.
What song would be playing? All I can think of is Street Fighting Man.
and they would all have luggage
which is a metaphor for their daddy issues
or being left at the altar
Do they even know whats going on
I'd like to piggy-back your comment to put this here. It's been posted before, but for anyone wondering what separates wrestling from the other sports this video is excellent. 

There are some young kids I know that started like literally around the time they learned to walk. They are ridiculous wrestlers. It's something that their father did, etc..Some I know even had a basement with mats, etc for their entire childhood. They truly loved the sport.
Its like playing at an early age, you remember fun times wrestling with dad and the good memories carry throughout the sport. 
I've been to tournaments that had ~5 year old brackets, and some of the kids were surprisingly coordinated, and some kids were just straight up vicious.  It was like some of the parents brought the kids there for fun, but other parents just taught their kid how to hurt the opponent.  It was kind of sad, actually.
What kind of tournament allows kids to intentionally harm opponents? Weak officiating.
Probably. These guys end up being 4x State Champs in high school.
They had something like this at my old high school. There was a kid named Mordecai who didn't win any of the matches. It forced me to wonder why his mother even had him wrestling
How can someone named Mordecai not win?
So that's settled. I'm naming my first kid Mordecai.
My son didn't win any when he was that young but he loved the sport. In HS, he was a state qualifier three times and placed in state his senior year.
I can't stop my oldest son from wrestling and grappling, even though he's got a herniated disc at C-4/C-5. .He's 25 now. . wrestling.
Seen a kid go from 0-42 to 5th in state. As someone who was horrid when I started, wrestling exemplifies the quote "Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard.".Edit: Grammar
'character building', when I wrestled that's the only way you can describe it. I knew a kid that won maybe 2 or 3 matches all 4 years of high school. He lost to a blind kid and a girl, which I see nothing wrong with, but you can imagine the teasing he received. He still came to practice, worked hard everyday. He just wasn't an athlete, but I respected him for sticking with it. 
Imagine how the 2 or 3 kids he managed to actually beat felt. 
I hope you told him that at some point. Would have really made him happy I would imagine.
Amen. Every single day on a wrestling mat is an incomparable test of will and pride.
he's what the wwe would call a jobber.
I know one of his wins was against the blind wrestler. 
I had my ass whooped by a blind wrestler and I made it to states.  If was kind of unfair because me having to keep contact with him put me off my game a bit but he definitely outwrestled me that day. 
I was a terrible soccer player in HS actually all for four years of HS our team was hot dumpster fire of a mess... which is strange cause I went to a school with Mexicans and Columbians you'd think one of them could play half way decently.  Either way we showed up every practice rain or shine and to every game and we traveled to Albany, NY two years in a row to get whipped by rich kids from Long Island. .In was some of the most fun I've had in HS... 9 years ago. Gah 9 years.
"if wrestling were easy, soccer gags would do it!". My wrestling coach haha. 
Wait I'm confused. I'm from Albany and none of the school teams there have kids from Long Island, was it like a tournament that a lot of different schools travelled to? 
It was a tournament for Tri-State schools.  My school is from Queens, NY most were from LI and Westchester rich white kids on fancy buses. 
People don't understand the dedication needed to wrestle until they try to wrestle.  Nobody to rely on, nobody to blame when things go wrong, just yourself in the ring participating in a sport of purest kind.  .Edit: one of my ex's used to wrestle.. She would abuse the fuck out of people and it was hilarious 
Oh my... I think I know why she's your ex.
Golf, tennis, bowling, running, cycling, masturbation...all can be intense individual sports. 
[deleted]
Cycling is most definitely a team sport. 
Same thing goes for the boxing.If you really didn't train enough you are going to be dead.And I fucking mean it.
It's 100% apparent from that comment that you can't spot a joke in a sentence. 
Listen, I have won numerous masturbation contests at the State and Regional level, and I have no idea why this is funny to you.
I was swapped between 215 and heavyweight (weight classes known for less technique and more overpowering tactics), if I didnt see her coming, she could keep me on the ground for longer than I would like to admit..She wrestled 119.  I guess thats what happens when the wrestling dad has a daughter first.
On the mat yes. But I did a lot of team tournaments. Sadly my whole team got sick during C.I.F but we almost made it to second round of teams. Coming from a really small school in California that was a big deal to us. I had a few matches where our team only won by one person pulling it off and getting a pin. ( My whole point is really this "Wrestling is still a great team sport if you happen to have a whole team" not many people are into this wonderful sport sadly. 
Intense in their own ways. But you can not compare it to wrestling. Nothing I've done has ever compared!
Try MMA.  Or, hell, try yoga or gymnastics.
Why not all?
Yoga is tough! And know who make the best mma fighters? Wrestlers. 
Seeing that he tossed in "masturbation" I don't think he was attempting to put forward a serious argument.
"Once you've wrestled, everything else in life is easy" -Dan Gable
Except for things you can't do with hip implants. 
It makes me so happy that you even know who Dan Gable is! I really do miss this sport, and wish there were open tournaments for us older folk who want to mess around again on the mat.
If you are in the US, check out this website: .There are adult clubs with tournaments all over.  If you want to get back into it, give one of these clubs a call.  I know there are men all the way up to their 50s still battling it out on the mat!
Big wrestling fan here. Love me some Hawkeye wrasslin..There's a tourney in Rochester Mn that's for old fogies. Haven't been to it in a few years but there was some 80 year old guy that wrestled in it every year. 
Go to your local youth club. Around here they are always accepting help.
Thanks man! This really helps out!
What if Megalodons aren't in truth extinct and they're just down there coming vestibule depths that we have earlier upon explore?.Can you imagine diving ingressive open fortify and being approached by a fucking shark twice the size of a mercury bus?
Well it's five year olds so they know as much as any 5 year olds playing sports. Some of the kids I reffed definitely showed some natural skill but at that age it's all for fun, although some parents would like to believe otherwise. 
Parents are the worst thing about wrestling before college
the area surrounding the city i grow up is HUGE into wrestling, and has produced a lot of all-americans. a family friend once told me that his older son is a natural but his younger son doesn't take it seriously enough and will never be able to compete on a college level if he doesn't stop screwing around with his training. his sons are 7 and 9 years old.

Someone basically explained that he's been taught a bunch of advanced moves that the other kids at that age won't be able to counter or prevent, however when he gets older strong fundamentals and learning more he won't do nearly as good.
You are mostly right, most of the moves are really flashy or super situational and won't transfer as he grows up.
This is only somewhat true. At the very beginning he executes a very solid double leg takedown, which is pretty fundamental. Same with the reversal he seems to do throughout the video.
Not saying he's bad, just wont crush so bad. Also someone else said that.
There are kids with parents like that at my high school, they all go to college and get into drugs and stuff because their dads ran their lives until then.
There was a guy in my high school like that. His dad had been working on him to be a football player his whole life. He had two major knee surgeries in high school and still played his senior year. .Since his knees were so screwed though he couldn't get a scholarship. He stayed in our home town and worked construction. One night a couple of years after graduation he killed his girlfriend and her friend and then killed himself. 
I don't know if its because of the sports and everything that he snapped, who really could say? But it stuck with me how much pressure his dad put on him as a kid to have it all dashed before you hit 18 is pretty fucking skewed. 
No one ran my life, I got into drugs, having a blast. 
what I've learned here is you're gonna get into drugs.
Well duh! Mordecai is a sniper, not a melee character.

Are you stupid or something? his melee build was tits, son.
"Once you've wrestled, aggregate of sorts mutual regard life is easy" -Dan Gable
I just maxed his bird and let it do all the work.
I like Rigby better..Wait...
10 dollars on the kid on the right.
but he had white shoes
I know! Is a 5 year old supposed to be...cut? He looks fitter than most adults I know.
my exact thought
Not in wrestling, my man.
Wrestling is a white-majority sport in the US actually.
Mine is.  They exercise a lot naturally.
I'll give to 2:1 odds if you take Lefty, though.
Blac kids aren't that good at wrestling. Source: I wrestled. 
Edit: I shouldve been less vague. I noticed while wrestling that there were generally less black wrestlers and a lot of them were less skilled at it. I understand there are a lot of good black wrestlers, just less of them. 
 read that I found it interesting
*fewer
The Rampage Jackson GIF disagrees with you
Ever wrestle Jordan Burroughs?
Ummm.. ., ., .. .. ., ., . (those last four represent 2/3 of the US Greco-Roman Olympic team), 
No, thankfully. However I had to wrestle a state placer my senior year, got my ass kicked, and just kinda stopped caring about wrestling. 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I imagine less black ppl wrestle than whites
Not sure why you're down voted. White men are built differently then black men. Which results in each being inclined to perform better at certain sports. Obviously, the color of the skin has nothing to do with it but genetically we're slightly different..NBA / sprinting mostly black men. Weight lifting / wrestling mostly white men.
not so black and white as that.Plenty of non-white medalists in there
I think its more the mentality of wrestlers than the build of the athletes. Most black kids just had a different kind of mentality than the average wrestler, in my experience, which leads to most of the physically gifted kids to sign up for football or soccer instead of wrestling. 
Sure, there's also plenty of non black guys playing basketball. I'm not saying race would prevent either from excelling at a sport. I'm just saying there's a genetic inclination to be better at certain sports.
Former wrestler here and I have had the same experience. It's the guys with the Russian last names you gotta watch out for. 
Can confirm..Source: wrestled some scary ass eastern European dudes in high school.
That's because eastern europeans put together like bear, and bear very good wrestle.
The kid on the left won.
He meant your right. Pay up!
Stage left?
On your left in the picture? 

That's it, I'm going out to stand in the middle of a highway until justice is served. This is despicable.
WHITE POWER!! 
Wait, your left or mine?
As a former wrestler I can confirm this...
If you look carefully, you can see the "T" was there the whole time.
The one in the red singlet. 
You mean black singlet? 
call the ACLU
[deleted]
To be fair,. over a year ago. But . is over two years old..The plot thickens.
No, asked myself because it's me. 
[deleted]
Why not post a pic of yourself to prove everyone wrong
I have 1 username and 3 posts from three different subreddits. I don't care about the karma, people liked the picture and said it should be in r/Pics so I posted it here. 
You what about the what!>!>!+>?! 

[deleted]
Yea thank you i didn't doubt you
Meh, don't be hard on yourself, I upvoted you to even it out. 
Hopefully. Watch out, though. If it . work they may try and pin the Boston bombings on you.
I demand a rematch then.
BLACK vs WHITE : THE REEMMAATTCHH!!!!
It's more likely the kid on the left had a dad wrestle and therefore knew one move really well which is all you have to do to win at this age. Double leg and half Nelson wins that age group every time. 
Source I coached ages 5-10 in high school
OP was racist and fixed the match.  
Good on you OP!
OP is George Zimmerman?

Man that is pure gold. 
You sick fuck.
post of the month
Damn you for making me laugh at something I swore wasn't funny. The skittles are what did me in.
Going to hell for laughing as hard as I did over this. Well done, sir.
wait, how the..? the edited post was made before this post. are you a time traveler mister? 
No, but I wish I was! This is an . from .. 
so.. if you were.... would you fuck you? cuz i'd fuck me
Theres something fishy going on
No but I'd fuck you. ;)
Haha, best comment here... He's even got skittles lol!  Oh fuck, I'm going to hell.
The seriousness of everyone in this picture is perfect. 
Wrestlers, even at this level put in a tremendous amount of effort in their practices and training, and many in the sport take it very seriously. 
I would give anything to see you bonk their 2 little heads together like 2 coconuts, raise your arms in jubilation and walk off the mat.
It looks like a shot from a Wes Anderson movie.
I . typed the same thing out as a reply to your parent comment, then scrolled down.. if we both thought it independently, it's extra true. 
Just needs more mustaches. 
I sometimes wonder about pictures such as this being discovered in the distant future with no context.  Would people think that we held kinder-battles to the death for pure enjoyment.
Well an official and headgear would indicate it's not to the death, perhaps to first blood though.
Two hundred dollars on the dark one! 
How will it be discoverd? All digital pictures we take now will be forever lost in the distant future. :-(

Just saying, I thought your username read Boombox, no tatoy and I was confused as hell wondering what a tatoy was
Quick!  Someone print this shit out and put it in a time capsule!
The time capsule will be filled with moisture, the pic will rot. :-(
don't worry, the nsa has a copy.
He's not for sale, asshole!
Maybe this is the reason we believe past times to have been much more brutal than we are today
my whole life is a lie!
I fucking wish we did.
You wish we do, or you wish that we will think we did?
I'm not saying it.
Then I'll say it for you..They don't think it be like it is.  But it do.

Once in pics, once in funny and once in photoshopbattles..Where's the problem?
I was going to say I could've swore I saw this picture on reddit a few times already.
Sorry, but I'll allow it.  OC can be resubmitted under reddit rules.  Different subreddits make it even more okay.
Oh, right. Cause you didn't post this for karma? Life is rough with severe brain damage.
My upvote has been retracted. Thank you. 
my downvote has been added
I don't blame him; it's an addiction. CMON!
I don't understand the addiction part but I think your post is a good example of why the karma system is bad for this website. The visible accumulation of points encourages shitty posting and bad content and is chiefly responsible for the quality declines experienced in most subs, especially large ones. Self-moderating of content is a good concept, but the karma shit gets in the way of it being effective and rapidly devolves into a popularity contest and a competition to submit content that will appeal to the lowest common denominator.
I'd love an alternative to karma.. I've seen people make up cancer stories for these useless points 
You think people would do that?
Hidden non-persistent karma..Posts have a karma count that's kept hidden from the users and only serves to determine what goes on the frontpage.  Users don't have karma.  At all.  There's no running count or total..Same goes for comments.  Downvoted comments get taken to the bottom but ., making it difficult to tell if the worst post was minorly offensive and sits at -5 or if the poor bastard got downvoted to hell and sits at -9001 because geraffes are so dumb.
So the slashdot moderation system.
It's called cross-posting.  What exactly is the big deal?
cross posting should include the [x-post from ...] in the title to avoid this kind of confusion
I think that's fine as long as it's OC. If you're posting something you saw on a different reddit, then yes, definitely do x-post
That's what I meant. If it's not yours, at least credit the op.
Only idiots who can't read usernames get confused.
Eh, at least he isn't taking credit and pretending to be someone else. 
that we know of.
this is how i feel about op right now...

Curae augue congue ut interdum.
This picture was taken 2 years ago at a youth tournament held at my high school. They made the varsity wrestlers ref the matches in exchange for us receiving new singlets. For some reason my coaches thought that it would be a good idea for me, the heavyweight, to coach the 5 years and under mat. I posted this on r/Funny about a year ago and then to r/Photoshop battles yesterday, where a user said it would be a good idea to post it in r/pics, so I did. .Edit: 
Heavyweight is best weight. I love being able to eat all the time and watch all the lighter weights (including my 160 pound brother) have to cut. Did you play football with it or did you just wrestle?
Can the person who took the picture get any karma???
OP's Yearbook Caption:. - 
why would it be bad to post in the same subreddit a fuckin year later?  do you all reddit so mich that you dont miss one fucking post?  get real ya'll, I dont mind a legit repost ever so often for the masses of people who didnt see it the first or second time
Weight limit for hwts in NJ is 285. I'm guessing the competition in your area isn't real tough. Never heard of a wrestler who ate all the time. Not since back when the hwt wt class was unlimited.
Smallest heavyweight ever.
"Last winter"
so, last winter is apparently 2 years ago. I'll keep that in mind.

His face reminds me of Mr. Slave.

I used to coach youth wrestling in the offseason. The head coach was a former Olympic qualifier and this gave me some one on one coach time. 
I played football too. I remember freshman year walking into the locker room before a weigh in while I was eating cheesy popcorn from a vending machine. Everyone cutting were 
Same here, but with poptarts and half a box of granola bars.
[deleted]
Ignore them. If it's to different subreddits that's understandable.
I was rocking it at about 270 then, not as small as you think haha
I coach wrestling and wrestled in college, you look small. But you tower over 5 year olds congrats


Hey get off of that man!
That guy's face. Pure terror.
Can I have your eyebrows... It's for science...

That's pretty shitty.
If you're working on a cure for unibrows then I will send them right over. 
unbrow
But if you send him your eyebrows then you'll have no brows. 
Just open up your browser and buy some new ones online.
They have a cure its called wax and tweezers
That's treatment, not a cure haha
Touch. I will donate mine as well.  
Hear Ye, Hear Ye, OP is . a faggot!!!
This comment's score: 1.Reason for score:.barcelonatimes's overall score: 1. barcelonatimes's overall rank: 123 ..
OP is always a faggot. Always. It's just that in this case, OP is less of a faggot. We can accept that
It was my senior year of HS, I'm going into my junior year of college, so I guess my math was off.  
And that is why you wrestle!
That, and I can't jump or shoot a basketball 
Meh just ignore him. At least you're not posting it to the same subreddit, now that would be uncool!
At least it's . photo. 
Exactly! I thought he stole it from someone at first and then I saw the same username and my next thought was "...."
He's a karma whore but at least he's not a thief. 
I don't blame him, I can see how the post history looks karma-whorey
I had never seen this so thanks for re-posting I guess..
not whorey, just kinda karma-sluty
Kinda like if I could get a few drinks into you, you'd let me post all over your face
Perfect.
I am very jealous. Hope you had an amazing time..Edit: Past tense correction.
I've always wanted to do something like this, but I don't think I have the balls. Good for you for saying, "Fuck it, I do what I want." Amazing photos!
Great cake day post
What camera did you buy?
Wonderful shots!! Love'em!
I am soooooo jealous that I don't have the balls to do this!  My dream is to travel the world.  How old are you?  You are probably young.  I'm 36 and not getting younger.  I wish I could do this.  I would give up everything that I own and live like this if It would allow me to experience the world like this.  Good job man, nothing but love for what you're doing.  Good luck.  
Most of us are too afraid of doing something like that, and the more I think about it the more that's messed up.  I have obligations and responsibilities that make it difficult to just drop all of it, take off and start again basically, but it sounds like an amazing adventure probably for all of us..How long are you going to travel the world? What are your plans for the future?  Don't you fear basically becoming homeless?
Must be great not having a life, career, and responsibilities.
any chance fore better res pics?
Those were some great pictures!
You're living my dream, mate. This is inspiring - I . do this in my lifetime, and if I get photos half as breathtaking as yours, I'll be utterly delighted. Good luck out there!
OP, what type of nice camera?.Very beautiful pics btw!
I hate you!........ no I don't
2nd picture in Myanmar of the two monks walking across the bridge was an instant flash back to Afro Samurai.
This is my dream.  
I am amazed. This is a dream that takes so much courage.
Money, yes. But so much more courage.
So jealous. I always wanted to do what you did. At the moment,  it would be impossible for me to do this.  2 young kids and lots of debt. .. 
Beautiful. I did the same thing except without buying a good camera. I regret nothing, as I wasn't out to take amazing pictures... but I got a couple of nice shots here and there.
These are absolutely fantastic! Great composition and lighting and all, especially 4. Do you have the shutter speed/aperature/ISO around somewhere?
Every one of those pictures is genuinely stunning. Thanks for sharing!
These might be the most beautiful pictures I've ever seen on Reddit. Whatever amount of karma you get for this, it's not nearly, nearly enough. I am in awe. Please give us more when you can!
The pictures from Vietnam are outrageous! 
Myanmar is absolutely breath-taking 
simply beautiful. you should be so proud!
Yeah, if you could just stop living my dream.Yeah, that'd be greattttt
Holy cow! Stunning. My boy started doing the same thing. . if you are interested. Keep it up and keep posting!
This has to be one of the most beautiful albums I've seen. Dayum Nature.
Man, when Halom Bay emerges from the fog, there's nothing more mystifying. These are awesome man! 

Myanmar...
Nice pics bro.. Wat camerado u have?
Which time of the year is Vietnam the most highly saturated?.I've got to check it out some time.
These pictures are fantastic, is there any chance you could up load a higher resolution so I could set  a few as my desktop wallpaper?
I guess you could say he took a Holiday In Cambodia...
Absolutely stunning! Thank you for sharing these.
This is breathtaking! You are living the dream that so many of us have.
You are my hero
9 seconds ago, I became so jealous of you, I almost puked. Why don't you stop by hell and burn while your getting around? hmmmm?
How old are you? What happen to your life at home? Do you not have bills? No family? No student loan debt? 
Was number 18 Yangshuo/guilin?  Beautiful.  So it Hong Kong.  Lovely photos, your style is what I would strive for if I did the same thing.
You're inspiring 
Id love to see some more NZ shots.
I cant get enough of seeing my home country on reddit, especially through the lens of such a great photographer.
These pics are stunning, especially the ones from Myanmar. Which camera do you have? 
So I assume you were already a hobby photographer before the trip? I mean, not to be an ass, but I think it'd be hard to just "buy a nice camera" and come up with so many nice shots. I may be wrong. .Also, I am going to assume you were debt free before the trip? I would never be able to leave with my student debt, bills to pay, low money etc. .Still, I am VERY jealous and would love to do what you did :) I love your shots of NZ 
I've been thinking about doing something similar..Have you got any advice you could give such as how to get money whilst you're away and how to find accommodation, also were you lonely during your travelling?
I would love to buy a higher resolution version of . to hang in my apartment.
This entire album conveyed such a sense of adventure and passion. Good job man
Who are you travelling with?
Thought it was a eat pray love situation, but you sir made this adventure seem feasible for anybody..edit: do an ama?
I'm going to try and go for as long as possible. .I have time, so all I need to do is make some money left and right. .I read this quote somewhere: 
Inspiring! Bravo to you, good luck the rest of your journey and hope to see more pics.
Very nice 
Amazing, I hope to do this someday.
I envy you!  Amazing, good for you!

Do you sell prints on 500px??  You should!
How much ,money did you have to start? are you still continuing your journey? how old are you?
I've always wanted to do this. I've always known that I'll only ever get a job to earn money so I can go and travel, it just seems like it would be the most completely amazing way to spend a lifetime.
So you are traveling the world for almost an year, going trough some of the most breath taking places in the world with two hot chicks?! I'm not sure if I anyone can top that...
incredible
These are incredible, very nicely done. You've lived my dream, man! 
You are making me jealous! 
I miss travelling so much!
How could you afford/fund the journey?
This is exactly the kind of thing I want to do at some point. .These pictures were a huge inspiration for me, OP. Thanks for reminding me of my future adventures! 
You are very very welcome! Thanks for having a look!
Like many, I am interested in how you fund this lifestyle. Jealous does not describe!
sweet, what kind of camera? did a cross country trip last summer for 4 months, now getting ready for a worldly trip. 
Pentax K-5
Me in the same situation: .9 months ago i quit my job, i eventually ran through all my money looking for another job and am now dead on a street bench in NY city. [Photo album]
Hey fellow world traveler! Six months ago I quit my job and have been traveling ever since! I'm in the other part of the world - in the US and will soon be going to South America! (Oh and if you're interested, I too have a gallery of pictures, though none as good as yours: .)
I love your pictures! Especially Bir.
The articles you write are amazing!
Bookmarked!
That was beautiful.
Man, the earth is beautiful..One day, I strive to travel to places like this.
I have a few questions for you. .EDIT: Do you miss anything about the US?
Thanks for the interest!
Breathtaking shots man..I got chills and my nipples turned hard...that's how good they were.
This is great. Awesome talent with the pics. Also, I'm envious of your adventures. Looks like you're having an amazing time.
you should do an AMA I think the community will appreciate it 
Alas, my student loans.
How do you avoid the risks of each place you travel? I grew up in a city where one must be careful and do certain things to avoid trouble (Ex. not get mugged). Do the locals help you out with that? How do you approach them about it? Do you sell any prints?.PS: you have a incredibly large collection of very good photos I just went through a grand majority of them and never lost interest. Well done!
This will get buried, but just wanted you to know that you're living my dream.
Wow! These are amazing! Which camera did you use? 
It's not the camera. It's the photographer!!! :P 
I will be quitting my job next month to travel for two months. As a test run to see how I do alone (female, 28). Any advice?  
Smile, talk to people. Try and be impulsive.
You will have a blast, don't you worry.
Those are some really amazing pictures. Please post them to ., people there will surely be very happy to see those. 
You're not only travelling, you're finding the beauty in things and photographing it. Great work. How old are you?
I officially hate you. Good form, sir. 
You should do an AMA
who are the 2 girls?
You should hit up Bhutan if you're still in the area. Awesome country with lots of old stuffs and its in the mountains too.
Your blog is a work of art. Thank you so much for sharing this.
It'll always be Burma to me
Definitely the right choice.
How old are you?
How do you access your bank account from other countries?
Keep it up!
I did that to, it was fucking awesome and I didn't regret it all for about 3 months, then I had to move back in with my parents for awhile. (I still don't regret it but being broke sucks.)
amazing
Your my hero.
Incredible pics, just beautiful.
You're an inspiration. By sharing this you have given me hope. Thank you.
Are you dying? Great pictures btw! 
You have a stunning eye. Nice photos :)
Where in New Zealand is that? I'm going there during the coming year and I'd like to see cool places like the ones you were at
I just got back from almost 3 months of traveling throughout Southeast Asia and it was without a doubt the best thing I've ever done. Traveling not only opens your eyes to new cultures and ways of life, it allows you to grow as a person more than you could have possibly imagined. I came home a different person then when I went abroad and I could not be happier because of it.
Where did you take picture 8? What is that place?
so is it a boy or a girl?!
Do you keep all of your money on you or do you have a bank or something? 
These pictures nearly bring a tear to my eye. 
holy Sh*t 
you did the right thing
This has been my dream for a long time. Sit in the middle of a huge, beautiful field, mountains on each side of me, sharing it all with a beautiful girl....I need a girlfriend.
Edit: Do you buy any chance have a picture of your setup? I mean, what did you bring with you and so on?.I need to do this. Before I get a kid and all sorts of useless stuff..Any chance you could write some more about how you did this?.IE, what about health insurance, communicating with the locals etc?.I can do fine in English, but anything other than that, I am pretty much screwed.
Those are all apple wall paper quality
wow...absolutely incredible photos...i've recently separated from my job and have a little bit of money saved...although i'm not sure how much i'll need...you've really inspired me...however...i'm a female and wonder how safe it is to travel solo in this way...
I want your life. 
You're like Benjamin Button  
These honestly belong in a Nat geo magazine. Now you just need pictures of native boobies
What kind of camera do you use?

You should post some of these to . - they like this sort of thing
I also have a nice camera, can I join you?
What was your previous job? National Geographic?
And here I am looking for a job
Oh my god your pictures are amazing!! I was expecting like nice, but fairly hum drum pictures, and those totally blew my mind. My favorites are definitely the one with people in the grass, and the night shot of whatever city that was. Insane!
is it cool if I use your vietnam rice pasture picture as my background?
You're living my dream. And living it well. 
Geez, I've been planning on doing what you did for 9 years now and I still haven't :(
Man you need to post more comments. Or write an article.. Or a book! Yes, yes, write a book! I'd buy it for sure! 

Quit your job and went to Hong Kong, huh?.Is Venezuela your next stop?
Good on ya for continuing shooting. I remember talking to you a while back. Your shots are a hit, and deservedly so. From one traveling Belgian photog to another, keep going!
Did you have a lot of $ saved up? If not, how did you afford this? I ask only b/c I desperately dream of doing the same thing but idk how I would fund all that traveling.
Wow those are some stunning photos, I'm deeply jealous and wish I could go out and do that. Hats off to you and keep taking more pictures!
You sir, have a (not so) hidden talent with composition!
Annnd now you're broke. Needing a job to pay for all those trips. 
Beautiful photos and welcome to Australia!
You should send these to National Geographic Magazine. Then you can still walk to the corners of the earth and do what you love (photography)for a nice paycheck and great equipment. Best of luck, you have real talent.
Burma's my dream destination but I know I'd get kidnapped or murdered there

As a woman, I really wish I had the courage to do this. But obviously, I'll get raped and murdered along the way, so it's highly discouraged. 
Life, you're doing it right.
Today, I didn't quit my job and it's more depressing than ever. Thanks camera-guy-traveling-the-world
Today is you Cake Day, and you've had your reddit account for one year... it amazes me you chose this name three months before you began your trip. It's a beautifully poignant name to have given the context. .It's very catchy. Homebound Blues... Is it that you're sad to eventually be back on your way home, or are you on your way home . you proverbially have the Blues...? 
It's the being sad when your on your way home as well as being sad because I'll have to go home some day. But now that I'm traveling I realize that there are beautiful things back home as well that I took for granted. One man's backyard is an other man's dream destination.
I wish I had that kind of money :(
Are you traveling with others?
I've saved up about $25k in Australia in just over one year to do something like this. I plan to packup and leave early next year and start living in different places for a few months at a time. There are tons of places I can stay for 3 months with no visa, so I can maybe rent a place and live cheap while exploring the culture. Sadly my photography skills are pretty lacking
holy shit, how did you manage to save up 25k? 
Any tips? 
What type of camera/lens system did you use? Photos look great.
Sincere suggestion, invest some time in learning post processing and color grading/correction. The composition is good but there is a LOT lost in those shots by not posting them properly. The good news is, as long as you shot in RAW (which I'm sure you did) nothing is lost as you can always just go back and process them whenever.
Backed up all the RAW files. ;)
Fuck yeah, dude. Good on you.
Methinks an AMA is in order.
while those pics are beautiful, they make me depressed as I sit here in my cubicle. 
You are my hero
I checked  out  your  web  page. Outstanding pictures, Thanks  for sharing .
I have dreamed about doing this. All I need is the right camera and enough courage to follow through. What kind of camera did you use if you don't mind me asking?
im a little late but could you tell me how New Zealand was? i plan on moving there for college and whatever comes after. 
Can't wait to do the same, life is an adventure for those who are willing to go off the trail. 
This is kind of important, but what's your ethnicity/race and gender? Because I want to travel the world, too. 
Your pictures are AMAZING. Great job. .And also, +1 for being a Pentax shooter! (K30 owner here)
Well +1 to you too sir!
Dude, as a civil servant worker I appreciate what you do. You add to humanity. 
Thanks
Dude!  You climbed the Sathorn Unique?!  Nicely done.  One of the cooler, non-touristy things I did while I was in Bangkok.  Here's a picture I took from the ..  (Excuse the poor lighting).  .Fantastic photos btw.  
yay! NZ! Love those pictures!
Awesome pics, what camera are you operating
These are amazing. Thanks for sharing.
Thanks for having a look!
Awesome!
That was one of the most exciting things I did in Thailand!
. is an album about Sathorn Unique that I posted in . a few months ago..How did you get up? :)
They pay shedloads here. I don't drink or smoke, I only really spend money on food and eating out (which is cheap). I save clothes etc shopping for when I go to somewhere cheaper. I rent a studio but if I rented a cheap room in the suburbs I could save even more..So short answer, I don't spend much 
Sorry for the assumption. Thanks for the response!

Solo, but most of the time I tag along with people I meet.
Could you please write a journal of what you have experienced? How you decided to go, how you prepared, how you got into taking nice pictures, who you met and how you met them and all that good stuff. I really think a lot of people would be interested in hearing about it
I'm not sure where you are from, but for me (Canadian) it was very easy,  and I visited all the countries OP did plus a couple extra in the same amount of time. I had no debt (I can pay for my University education just by working over the summer, its only about 12,000 a year for tuition and housing for me) so I was starting from zero. I sold my car and worked for about 6 months and had about 15000 dollars. Way more than I needed to travel in Asia (although AUS is expensive, but you can find farm work there). 

Myanmar is my favorite place I have ever been. Such an adventure. So easy to wander off the tiny tourist trail that exists there. A lot local people I met had never seen a westerner. Beautiful country with the warmest people..The camera I use is a pentax K-5.
fellow redditor from Burma here. glad to hear my people treat you nice. :)

Sorry for the wall of text but I like the story so here goes:.Me, my friend Jules and his friend John (who'd been living in Bangkok for like 5+ years) decided to try and get to the top one afternoon.  We get to the exterior area and get into the main perimeter easily--apparently security was not much of a concern..We were worried about maybe being confronted by security when we first walked in.  Instead a pack of dogs that turned out to be pretty tame was the only alarming thing we saw. We start climbing the emergency stairs and think  'sweet this is going to be far easier than we thought'.  Alas, when we got to the 10th floor or so we hit a fenced door with a deadbolt.  Fuck!.John, incredibly, said, "damnit.  I knew I should've brought some bolt cutters".  We laughed.  He wasn't joking.  We milled around for a bit thinking about what to do.  Finally, we figured that was the end of our journey and we turned to leave.  On our way out we encountered a "security guard".  He asked what we were doing there and John, in broken Thai, feigned surprise that we were not allowed to be there.  We explained that the building looked cool and just wanted to explore.  He told us it was not safe fand we should leave.  As we turn to go he says, but if you give me 600 baht (equivalent to $20) I can escort you guys all the way to the top. He barely finished his sentence before John said, "yes! You've got a deal".  Turns out the guy had keys to the deadbolt!  And took us to the top and actually showed us some cool stuff in between..Best part of the story though? We get to the top and John turns to our guide and asks in Thai, "if I wanted to come back one night with a bunch of friends and just have a little party and stay the night how much would you charge?" The guy looked really troubled and spat out something in Thai and John started laughing.  My friend and I asked what that was all about. Apparently, the guy responded without a hint of joking, "but sir, wouldn't you be afraid of the ghosts? Why would you willingly put yourself in such a situation".  And so I learned how very superstitious Thai people can be.
No debts, no kids, no mortgage.  :)
Thanks!
Lucky guy! (no kids or mortgage, but lots of school debt... school that got me nothing lol) 
Pentax K-5


because everyone on the internet is from murica, right?
In South East Asia I had no income. So I saved money by using local transport, sleeping in a nunnery, pagoda, monastery, laundry room, staff room, people's houses, ... But in some places you can have a bungalow by the water for only 3 dollars a day. To find cheap accommodation you just have to ask around. When booking a bed or room, ask them if they have a cheaper option, tell them you're happy to sleep on the floor on your sleeping mat for half the price. Chances are big they'll say yes and they'll end up giving you a spare mattress anyway..In New Zealand I mostly camped out. backpackers that arrive there are offered expensive bus tours that would save you heaps of money and get you to see you the whole country. And the tours (for a few weeks) cost over $3000. I bought for $1800, camped mostly (free or either $6 a night) and all the stunning walking tracks are free in New Zealand. And sold the car afterwards for the same amount. I did some day jobs here and there. Weeding and simple gardening. Cash in hand + free food and sometimes a free bed..In Australia I have a 'work holiday visa' wich means I can work here legally. So I worked as a kitchen hand for 6 weeks, and now I'm going to look for a farm job for a few months. .I'm never really lonely as I keep making new friends everywhere.
Wow that sounds pretty good, thank you.
Can I come with you?
Where did you get the package flight deal from? Ive never heard of such a thing

Thank you! 27 at the moment. 
we call college university in New Zealand. high school and college are the same thing. 
okay, then I would be moving there for university. :)
I hope you are joking! I met a lot of solo female travelers.




Love the Thai ghost tower pictures btw. I can see a building I used to stay in when I was in bkk...ahhhh I need to go travelling again!
Where bouts in NZ you moving to?
i would be at Christchurch on the south island.


So overwhelming. thank you for sharing. 
Absolutely beautiful!  Great job, and im jealous of yout new life!
 AND 

I don't know what camera you're using, but these are some of the best photos I've ever seen. You are incredibly talented. Hats off to you.
Look Jules, it was just a coincidence. Vince was right, even if he is dead now.
How did you save up 10000 working a job with bad pay?
No kids, no mortgage and a car that runs on Diesel.
No rent?

You live simply. A girl I work with just did it. She and her husband travelled the world for 10 months. Both only make a couple of bucks above minimum wage, but they live in a bachelor apartment and don't even own a car. They live simply so that they can lead a rich life.
Not a problem, just follow .Really though, it's about personal choices. No kids. No pets. No mortgage. No $100,000 student loans. No fancy car. No 50" TV. No gaming PC or console. No smartphone. No smoking. No blowing $100 on booze every weekend. Also, not living in the US where you only get paid $7/hr probably helps, too.
Did you have previous travel experience before this or did you just up and leave?
I did shorter trips while I worked (4 weeks maximum)
Amazing.
These are absolutely AMAZING. Well done man. Composition, exposure, colors, contrast...everything is perfect. 
So, are you going to become a freelance photojournalist, or what?
Good work! The photography and journey..I'm pretty sure Hong Kong has air traffic at night. Lasers??
It was a stark contrast entering Hong Kong coming from Myanmar. Can't wait for Tokyo!
If I quit my job, I'd have to sell my camera and live in a cardboard box. Kudos to you.
I have a couple questions.. How old are you? What made you decide to drop everything and just go? What is your first language and what did you do before you left? ( for work )
I really enjoyed your photography. How interested in Photography were you before the trip? What did you learn about photography on the trip? 
Always had a big interest. I did Art school and Graphic Design before so always kind of appreciated the visual things and beauty in life.
Your photos are amazing, and your drive to drop everything and just GO is admirable. That's something I hope to do. Would you consider doing an AMA? 
Was your job being a professional photographer?
Graphic Designer for a small local printing company.
I consider posts like these spoilers--I want to travel the world someday...
Gorgeous work. :) 
You sir are an extraordinary photographer. National Geographic worthy pictures. 
Nicely Done
Congratulations on finding the key to a fulfilling existence. All it requires is a bit of saved money and time. And there's the rub. We typically find ourselves with the time but not the money, or the other way around. .When you have both though, the world is your oyster. All that's needed then is enough desire to override fear. This is where most fail. Not you though. I'm sure you had those "What the fuck am I doing?!" moments at first, but isn't watching your fears dissolve like smoke the best feeling ever?.I wish you all the best in your travels, homeboundblues. I loved nothing more than traveling and did so whenever possible. However, I now find myself in the unenviable position for any lover of travel where I have both time and funds to do so, but cancer keeps me at home..So you get out there for everyone like me who can't, and please continue with your excellent work so that we can see more examples of this beautiful earth we're all so fortunate to inhabit..And to all those who say, "I could never do that", you need to stop selling yourself short. Given time and funding, anyone can do what homeboundblues is doing. Don't let fear hold you back. 
One question, where did you get the money to do all this, did you save up or is it not the expensive..Idk anything but I want to do this as well!

How did you like Hong kong? I loved Hong Kong so much for some reason.
I only spent 5 days there. I loved it too. Seems like a perfect city to live for a few months. So much to discover there. It is a nice mix of tradition and the modern world.

Beautiful pictures. Do you have a flickr with higher res ones?
I hardly use flicker or 500pix (username is 'homeboundblues' in both of them. Most pictures are on my tumblr (homeboundblues.com)
I'd like to travel the world someday. What an inspirational album!
One question: how? (I mean financially, mostly)
Where was photo #19 taken? 
Somewhere close to Dalat, Vietnam. Can't recall the name of the exact place though. 
Welcome to Earth!
Wow, this is some National Geographic level stuff here, way to go! Looking forward to seeing more pics from you. 
Anyone in this thread: is there a way to just stop paying student loans for awhile so I can do this?  Fuck.
Dammit you really made me miss my time in NZ.  Where were those taken?  Milford Sound area?  Obviously thats Taranaki, but what about the others.And is that Australia one the Blue Mountains?  Kinda looks like it...
And the OZ one is Hanging Rock, near Baltzer lookout, Blackheath, Blue Mountains.
The first one in NZ is taken atop of Mt Taranaki, looking eastwards where you can see Mt Ruapahu on the right and the tip of Mt Ngauruhoe on the left.  I like my mountains  :) .  Awesome pics btw

Bangkok has him now...
b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l ... i wish i had that kind of funds to travel the world.
You likely do, it costs far less than a used civic. 

Great  images, thanks for sharing.
Now I want to go to Myanmar. Thanks for sharing the beauty!
What's your favorite place been so far? Vietnam in particular looks absolutely gorgeous.
Myanmar (Burma). Very authentic, beautiful and the nicest people ever!
I'm really glad you made that decision.
How much was the camera you bought? And what type? Because those pictures were beautiful.
I've been wanting to do this, except in Europe.
Not to be stupid, but where do you get money from?
You have found the perfect way to live life.
Nice!
If you want to make a small but constant flow of money to continue your travels, submit these beautiful pictures to stock imaging sites. Its super easy to do, and if you have good quality/well shot pictures (which they are) then you won't have a problem making 50-100 a week..The majority of advertising companies LOVE this shit. They're inspiring, adventurous and beautiful. Everything they want their customers to feel..Please, just look into it, and try it out.

If i could upvote this 1000 times.  I would. These are beautiful.
Great shots. Some of these would be stunning as black and white. 
Something tells me you're pretty used to using a camera.
The fifth and sixth picture could seriously be sold to Windows as default backgrounds. They need ones with people in them anyways.
You're amazing at capturing the beauty in these places. .This is amazing and I hope you have fun in your travels!
Also, not sure if you've mentioned it here but what kind of camera/lens are you using?  These pictures are stunning!

So what did you win the lottery?
This made me so sad. They're so beautiful. My dream as well. My I ask how old you are?
Living the dream
I've been on reddit for about 6 months and this is by far the coolest thing I've seen so far.
I didn't click on the actual link and didn't realize they were labeled at first. Myanmar is probably one of the most beautiful places I have ever been, but it has such a tragic history. What was your experience there like? 
These are extremely good pictures, well done!
any dangerous or life threatening situations?
Not really. I felt safe in most places. .Ow, there was one gun wielding crackhead in Bangkok though.

wish I could up vote twice. you are living the dream. 
I went to Hong Kong and the light show looks better in that picture than real life. Incredible though.
those are, quite frankly, some of the best photos I have ever seen.
Jeez buddy, it looks like you made a good career decision. Keep up the good work. Your photos are beautiful.
These are great. I wish I had as much talent as you! keep up the adventures!
Are you doing this alone or do you have a group of friends that are traveling with you?
Alone, but I make friends everywhere. So I'm never really alone.

you sanafabitch!!! amazing! 
I traveled through thailand malaysia singapore and also australia. beautiful world out there!! Is there any chance your australia pic is from blue mountains? cya
Yup! Hanging Rock, close to Baltzer lookout, Blackheath, Blue Mountains..Woke up at 4 am to walk two hours in the dark to see the sun rise there. I was there alone. That was a good day.
You . get paid by someone for these amazing photographs? I'm astonished.
I idolize your photos. I idolize your mentality of traveling cheap for more memories.
Man you are one lucky guy. Fantastic pictures
Please tell me you didn't skip venturing into a Hobbit hole! :-O
The yellow field in the New Zealand pics is in Fjordland National park if I remember correctly. Mirror lake isn't far from there.

I applaud your life style, and envy you in every way.
you're the fuckin' man
And I'm just sitting here...
Great photos!  Don't have to tell us that you quit your job though, saying that just makes me think "how much was he getting paid?"
These photos are stunning. Your talent in composition and lighting and color are inspiring (read this as me being jealous as fuck right now). Thanks for sharing!
This is what I wanna do with my life.
I hope one I can do the same op
your framing is impeccable 
you did the right thing man. Also, you should use your photos to compile a brochure and apply for jobs at traveller's magazines, freelance jobs etc. .You're good. 
Are you glad you did it?  How long do you plan on doing this for?  What was the job you quit?

I'm so jealous.  Keep doing cool things, and taking great pictures. 
These are magnificent. Would you consider doing an AMA?
Where do you keep your cash?
I also did the same and ended up living in Hanoi for a year and a half. Although my pics aren't nearly as good as yours!
That New Zealand night sky.... 
You wouldn't happen to be juggling in all these spots would you?
Wow you're a really good photographer, too
OP did you start in 'Merica?

Happy cake day! Can i come with you? 
You should go to Norway.
I need to do this!!!!!!
Should have done Angkor Wat in the morning, that shot doesn't do any justice. AMAZING pics bro!
Please do an AMA ...i'm enthralled by doing this and need more info
Love your use of negative space in some of those photos 
I've seen at least one of these pictures on the national geographic website before... I made it my background on my computer!
Im 18 and I've recently decided that i would like to do something along these lines at some point in my life and i was wondering whether you had any tips on how to get to this point?

First thought: NAAAAAAAANTS INGONYAMA BAGITHI BABA
And what did you learn? 
That smiling is an international sign of friendship and peace.
if I were to do this, I would just be taking my galaxy s3 to the 4 parks I live around and take pictures of the wendys bags and subway wrappers and then spend the rest of the day wondering what I'm gonna do to pay rent.
where did you start your journey?

Beautiful pictures. I am studying abroad in Thailand right now, and I've already wandered off to Cambodia -- but I'm trying to decide whether to spend extra time in Thailand after my program, or to explore Myanmar. Your pictures from there are wonderful, and I have heard it is rather more authentic than most of Thailand -- but I also want to soak up as much of Thailand as I can. Any guidance, sir? 
Definitly go to Myanmar, Cambodia and Thailand will always be the same. Myanmar won't be in a few years.

Don't quit your day job.....I'll see myself out. 
did you ascend a ghost tower in Bangkok?  I saw the Sathorn Unique from a distance while walking the city and became slightly obsessed with the idea of it

Jesus, wtf was your job before you quit?!  Bank thief? >_<
How did you get access to your money while traveling in these places?
ATM's in the cities.
Except for Myanmar, their ATM's didn't except foreign cards back then. So I had to get a . in advance.

These photos are absolutely stunning and inspiring. What gear are you using?
Beautiful.
Go to India. It's crazy there.

Exactly what I want to do!
Wow love your images 
Any chance you could upload the original images somewhere as a zip? I'd love to use some of these as wallpapers.
Do an AMA! You so do an AMA!
this is sort of an AMA...
what about the local language, how do you get over that hurdle?
Being creative... Drawing, hand gestures, ....Smiling is universal though... It helps a lot!
I call shenanigans. Buying a nice camera teaches you nothing about composition, lighting, colors...etc. Did you have any art training in your past life?.(Also, gorgeous shots! I'm adding a bunch of these into my wallpaper rotation.)

I did Art school and Graphic Design. So I allready knew some things about composition, contrasts, guiding the eye, emotion, space, ...
any details on what kind of camera and len(s) you have going?
I shoot with a Pentax K-5 Lenses I had (and still have) with me: .10-20mm Sigma (for the wide shots) .30mm f1.4 Sigma (for low light) .40mm f2.8 Pentax limited (my favorite lens by far) .18-200mm Tamron (my least favorite lens ever)
How do you like you're 10-20?  I want an ultra-wide, but Canon's is so damn expensive.
Judging from the ., it would seem like he was using a ., and for this photograph using a . lens..It also seems like he's using Adobe Lightroom and/or photoshop to do the postprocessing. 

Man I wish Nikon made something similar to that 40mm. I'm sure it's great to travel with and so much less intimidating to locals..Great stuff. That kind of thing isn't my cup of tea, but I'm glad people like you do it so I can enjoy the great photos. 
Every single picture is beautiful! Your sense of space, line, and balance sets it apart from typical tourist/travel photos.
Also shows his ability to select the best shots from, what I assume, is a massive library of images.
Cropping is underrated.
The nice camera probably helped, but you have a great eye for composition, colours and framing. Thanks for sharing, beautiful!
You're welcome, gorgeous! 

This is honestly one of the most inspiring posts I've seen to date. I've always had plans to travel once i finish my degree but these photos have really motivated me to make sure that happens; thanks homeboundblues
Exactly at the same spot myself. Thanks again ..
Thanks for having a look!
Who're the broads? 
Locals, I would assume.
Fellow travelers. We tagged along for 2 weeks.

Did you know adults can have these things called "friends" where they like the other person as a person and don't need to bang them just because they're the opposite gender? Isn't that amazing!

read that in Frank's voice from always sunny
Op, are you having any sexual relations with the local woman?

What camera/ lenses are you using?
OP mentions in other threads:
I shoot with a Pentax K-5
Lenses I had (and still have) with me:
10-20mm Sigma (for the wide shots)
30mm f1.4 Sigma (for low light)
40mm f2.8 Pentax limited (my favorite lens by far)
18-200mm Tamron (my least favorite lens ever)
I know you're not the OP but the Tamron 75-300 is a hidden gem and sooo cheap. I think it often gets overlooked due to the brand's other worse lenses.
I have a Sigma 10-20mm f/3.5! Those lenses are great to work with. Also got a 70-200mm EX APO. I would love to bring both of them with me on a RTW trip but the camera backpack fully stocked with both lenses, body and everything I'd need would be a bit heavy.
For those interested in the gear-side, the K-5 is a 16.3 MP camera, it's renowned for it's very good sensor performance, with very minimal noise, and very clean low-light performance. It's a really great camera for "on-the-road" travel shooting because of it's impressive performance in a wide variety of shooting conditions, but also because of it's light weight. 
Yup.
The 30mm 1.4 is broken now though. Focus ring is stuck.
Yes
Where are those pics at? 
Reddit: asking the important questions.
Stop having amazing experiences while I'm broke, overworked, and unfulfilled, goddamnit

You're right. Luck is when preparation (i.e. saving money) meets opportunity (i.e. not being a lazy ass and getting out to do something).
And let's be honest, it's not (just) a nice camera.  This set of photographs shows a talent for composing and capturing the right images, which takes both planning skills to set up a shot, and culling skills to select the highlights and drop the chaff.  It shows a talent for recognizing the opportunity and humanity in the cultures and landscapes.  It shows an attention to detail in post-processing and "making a photograph;"  the better the camera, the less it tries to guess what post-processing you want, and leaves it for you to do at home..Well done.
I'd be surprised if op didn't also use a polarizing filter, tripod and off camera flash in some of these pics. op has awesome skills.

Please do an AMA
yes please
I think at this point he has to...every post in this thread is a question.  Hardly see this.

If I quit my job today, 9 months from now, I would be fucking homeless, starving, and have defaulted on every shitty student loan for community college that I have..I fucking hate you for my own misfortune and inadequacies...
 would like a word with you.
Hey man, at least you're not bitter about it.
Yeah man, I'd hear you..Starving, alone, under a bridge by the end of ONE WEEK. This economy is rigged so you aren't . to be able to save up or be independent. They need you to be a slave, indentured to the service of your corporate lords. 
Or, you know, you can play by the rules and get a job where the 'corporate lords' have incentive to retain you as a valued employee and will provide competitive and advantageous benefits and will even match your savings contributions, honour your own schedule, give you space to do your job as you see fit, etc....If the company that you work for doesn't see you as a valuable enough asset to give incentives to stay around, you're either in the wrong field, working for a lousy company, or have no marketable skills that are in-demand..Adapt to your situation instead of throwing in the towel and blaming others.
That'a just a free market fundamentalist's utopian fantasy.  It bears no resemblance to the reality on the ground in the US..You say that like it's OP's fault that he suffers one or more of the problems that make one poor and exploited in 'Merica and that the solutions are somehow easily at hand: TL;DR:  it's OP's fault if he is poor and exploited..Feckin' Free Market Fundamentalists, how do they work?
I'm sorry but it does . work that way. Companies have no currency of loyalty. No matter how loyal you have been despite a companies mistakes, if you mess up ONCE, they can toss you like garbage. Everyone is expendable and replaceable in today's corporate world. Everyone's so hurting for work that it's only inevitable that you'll eventually find SOMEONE who will do what you want for little enough reimbursement. .Not even customers are rewarded for their "loyalty" to a business. Only if they're rich. .The returns for rewarding people just don't match the returns for ..

9 months? I'd be dead in 3 weeks.

Must be nice.
What I wouldn't give to be spat upon.
I have enough money to live comfortably the rest of my life. .If I die next Tuesday.
Fucking stunning.  Are you bankrolled by a rich old sugar Momma, I need a rich old sugar Momma.
It's super cheap to travel in SE Asia..Last January I had a month gap between my lease at one flat finishing and the next starting, so I spend 4 weeks in Cambodia and Vietnam with a freind. I spent . less in that month in SE Asia than I would have if I had stayed at home, and that even includes the cost of doing "touristy" things..The general break down was:.The most substantial cost in the trip is the airfares (people have quoted $800 here, I paid a little more) and the trains (if you take them). Once you arrive you can live it up for a month in SE Asia for a pretty small amount.
Traveling is way cheaper than you think.  The plane tickets are the only thing that are expensive.  Depending on where you go, everything else is actually going to be cheaper than where you are now.  .NZ and Australia are going to be expensive, but you can couchsurf there.  The other places in these photos are really cheap live in.  You may be surprised at how affordable travel is!  If you look at all the people who do this kind of thing, they end up spending less per year than most people do in America (or at least a comparable amount).
I did a similar trip for 4 months. Cost $25,000 all in. Well worth it in my opinion.
I love these posts because it reveals the real impediment to travel which is people's attitudes, not their budget..I have been overseas many times, travelled through Europe and South East Asia only to hear "oh I wish I had money for that". This coming from friends who blown money on all kinds of crap. New cars are a great example. .So if you want to travel do this: buy the ticket! Suddenly you will become money slob to world class saver overnight. Give yourself a timeframe of 12 months and do some reading about budget travel..As OP said the cheap travel is by far the most awesome. You get to meet so many people along the way. Yes this is scary at first, especially I'd you haven't strayed far from your lounge room. By doing this you will understand the thrill of culture shock. 
I was gonna ask something to this extent as well. Where are the funds?
Play your cards right and avoid loans and you can retire at 40. When you take out a 250k mortgage and have 4 kids, you'll find yourself working 60 hours a week and just barely paying the bills

He's saving a bunch of money by not paying child support on the child he conceived 9 months ago.
most people get by on ~$50/day doing a round the world trip. This can be dropped by a considerable amount if you stick to S.E.Asia spending around $25/day. When I went to Thailand, many hostels offered either AC or non AC for half price. This could be like 800 baht or 400 baht with no AC (approx $25 with AC or $12.50 without AC). You can buy meat on a stick for 10 baht each which is 33 cents. I don't get where people get the idea that traveling is some expensive thing you have to save up for to finally be able to do when you're retired.
Exactly!

But see, I wonder - .Are you able to extrapolate that to non SE Asian countries?  Specifically, what about European countries?.Most of travel (commercially) would eat up probably +$3-400 a month, let alone trying to find like $50-75 a night hostels..I was wondering if you could elaborate a bit about your travels and how you managed..Thanks
I saved some money for a few years. I worked a boring job with bad pay. Travel can be very cheap if you have time. And the cheaper the more satisfaction. In Asia this means eat, sleep and poop where the locals do, for example by going on the 'chicken busses' with the locals you'll have a more memorable and fun experience than on the air-con bus with the tourists. It just takes you longer to get from A to B. In a Western country, try hitch hiking, share-riding, working for accommodation, couch surfing, ....A good book on this (and long-term travel in general) is 'Vagabonding' by Rolf Potts
what sort of camera do you have? i saw one of your photos looked like you were actually in the water? 

This is a life goal of mine.
Happy for you!! I travelled for over thirty years , I would work, save and plot while avoiding expenses such as wives,mortgages and new cars. As you've mentioned, it's a lot easier if you have time,don't mind layovers and avoid pricey lodging. 
Amazing what made you want to change so much?
This sounds like a Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy but in real life...impressive that you've pulled it off across that kind of trip..Are there any days when everything just kind of breaks down and you don't have a place to stay the night at? What do you do then?
I envy you so much and my favorite photo is number 6. You weren't alone were you?

I just got vagabonding to read. Looks interesting. 
Your dying aren't you.This looks like the kind of stunning art only those who can really appreciate beauty because they have no time left makes.Either way, I am totally stealing a few of these to be my background...fucking beautiful
I've got time, tell me your secrets.
How did you go on about planning all these trips? Elaborate pre-planning with all the local stuff you'd do? Or just go around trying to talk to people so they'd show you something awesome (like that abandoned(?) half-finished scyscraper)?.Also, did you travel alone or with friends/girlfriend? 
I'd love to do something like this in the future too and wouldn't have too much problem with the money but I have no idea if I should do it solo or with somebody and/or how much should be preplanned and stuff.
Solo, never really planned ahead. There's always some things in my head that I'm sure I want to see. But mostly I just go with the flow and my instincts. All depends where I can go the cheapest, where I have free accommodation, who I'm with at the time, what stories I hear,...
The good thing about not having everything planned out is that you are free to go anywhere. for example if someone tells you about a festival or celebration somewhere you didn't know about. Or if you are in Asia and the rust bucket on wheels that they call a bus breaks down, the bus breakdown turns in to a new fun experience because it doesn't ruin your itinerary.
I just finished reading Vagabonding. Seeing this post gets me so jazzed to get out and wander. I want to to do the exact same thing. That is, as soon as I take care of these stupid student loans...
You're definitely a motivation to many, sir. Keep living the dream!
Your life sounds so awesome, I've always dreamed of doing something like this. It's just a dream of mine but maybe one day with enough effort and motivation it could come true, you've really inspired me as I know it's possible..You should do an AMA, I have lots of questions for sure such as: How old are you? When did you start travelling? I'd also imagine you could share a few interesting stories... 
As a woman, I don't think I'll ever feel safe enough to do this.

The majority of travellers are women, and they travel alone more than their male counterparts. There's the occasional horror story, but that's about it. In Africa and South-East Asia, and most other areas heavily reliant on tourism, anybody who is thinking of attacking a tourist also knows they will get lynched for ruining the local economy..Don't go to the Middle East, Turkey or the big cities in India by yourself. Otherwise just be street smart. There's always risk to travelling, but barely more for women than for men in most countries (if at all).
I understand that sentiment. Especially given how some places treat women..Case in point: 
Sounds more appealing anyway and nothing wrong with saving money either. 
I'm 17 but this is literally my dream. I just wanted to say how impressed I am with what you do. Absolutely the coolest thing
Do it. The best decision I ever made was to go travelling at 20 (I am now 22). The amount of life skills you learn from travelling on your own or with a friend is incredible. I went to university when I got back to Canada and was much better prepared for it than most of my friends who enrolled in post-ed directly from high school. You learn a lot about yourself. The best part is how easy it is. You don't need an awesome job or to work for years to make enough money, because if you do it right, it can be dirt cheap.
My wife and I are going to do a ~1 year trip like this soon. We're in our early 30s.  Just save a bit and do it.  Its absolutely worth it.
If it is your dream, what you want to spend a big part of your 20s or 30s on, don't do drugs. Or drink. Crazy cash goes into consumables, might as well not even start. They're fun. Don't pick up the habit.
Just do it. .6 to 9 month backpacking in Asia should cost around 10k. Including flights. .I've done it when I was 20. Best time would be between highschool and college? or just after college. 
How much roughly would you say you had set aside for this journey
This guy did an ama a while back . you'll have to look yourself for the ama as I'm on my phone. But he said he travelled for 4 years on 7000, so you really don't need much if you're prepared to strip down your lifestyle
Thanks for sharing! 

10000-ish US.Wich I have spent very little of so far..In South East Asia I spent a maximum of 400 a month. (I was there for 4 months).in New Zealand I bought a car to travel with and sleep in. (Sold the car for the same amount I bought it for two months later).Now I'm in Australia working some random job for a few weeks, I'm gonna move to a farm village where a friend found a free house. Gonna do some farm work for a few months to save more money. Then travel around in Australia more, then Japan, and then somewhere cheap again..EDIT: Not native English, Grammer-nazi's go easy on me.
*grammar Nazis.just kidding, courageous life decision, great photos, well done you.
*Grammar
Can I be you please?

eastern europe is both cheap and beautiful..
also: good work repping Vagabonding. book changed my life.
this is fantastic... i mean, you are probably embracing a traveler's dream :) Good luck for the rest of your amazing adventure
Commenting to  read it later. 
Props for you man. 
Trying to build my  courage to do same as you. Keep fingers crossed. 
Maybe I'm being a bit silly, but I feel like $10k is a lot of money.
This is my plan hope you all the best luck! 
If you're in Melbourne and want a free beer, send me a message and i'll buy you one
man that is a great plan
If you end up in Perth, say goodbye to your budget cuz this place is expenssssssive!.I don't have anywhere to offer you to stay but I'll buy you a beer :)
I envy you more than you'll ever know. Every day I wake up I give thought to leaving everything here behind and travelling the world.
Great photos. Can I ask where in Australia you took that photo?
Excellent photographs!  You have a very good eye for composing pictures.  I assume you have some kind of photog background?  Anyway, enjoy your travels
If you come to Japan let me know.  You can surf at my place near Tokyo if you want.
Sounds amazing man. Your life jealouses me
Do you carry the 10k with you? Sounds kind of dangerous. No? 
Couldn't even tell english wasn't your first language. Kudos to you, my friend.
How only $10k?.... seems to me you would have dropped $10k already just in airfare
May I come with you?
Could you disclose (to the best of your memory) with us in what those $400 were spend? The average prices for food, rent, transportation, etc? I find that very tempting. 
If you come back to NZ and need a place to crash holla bro
What measures do you take to protect your camera gear? E.g. like where do you put it when you are busy working?
Are you by any chance 18, from the UK, and offered a nice folding knife by a gentlemen in NZ?

That sounds like a really cool way to live. Love travelling and such, but dont think i could ever do that. It's neat that you have found a way to explore & survive on little :).
You are honestly an inspiration. I hope one day I'm brave enough to do something like this. 
Your life sounds very exciting!
Well I commend you, sir. You had means to an end and are living well. Take care!
Man, I really respect what u r doing! If I someday can and have the guts to, I would like to do a journey like this - it's a dream to really see the world. Not through air-conditioned charters or weekends, but by my own. I have a couple of questions:.I might have more questions, but let's start with those. Again, big up for doing something like this! It's truly amazing!
Probably not.
Did you ever have any doubts before going on this endeavor? What did you do with all of your personal belongings? 
What, come back to New Zealand bro. I'll make you a mean Spag Bol, and we can hang out down by the Bucket Fountain. 
I would attempt to get a job with National Geographic, but that's just me.  Maybe it's a job you will enjoy.
Those job are very few and far between.... but he could freelance. 
this is so awesome to hear.  have fun!
Not much really. I don't have a camera bag and lost the lens cap for most of my lenses. Just recently a lens fell off the stairs and now the focus ring is stuck :(
What also happens is you still have a house, and your irreplaceables.
You're never going to get that out of your roof man, better burn it all down and start over.
WASH THE JEEP FIRST
That looks healthy. 
Looks like the end of Evil Dead
Oh my god !
Walter what have you done.
"Never go full retardant."
Now your invincible to fires, my advice would be to pour gasoline all over your car light that bitch ablaze and cruise around town and enjoy all the onlookers.
This will work.
Better than a burnt down house
well at least it worked
At a quick glance, i thought the title read "This is what happens when your house goes full retard"
I really like the color of the paint they used on the house. Lol
Imagine if op had a dog outside. 
I have that same grill, except mine is black and far more likely to catch fire.
Thanks Obama!
This is why you don't go full retard.
I have no idea why, but I read the title as "This is what happens when you board a plane full of retards."
They're all gonna laugh at you..
Reminds me of when Stan was trying to impress the neighbors by simultaneously painting all of their houses via plane on American Dad.
who fucked the virgin?
Well at least nothing gonna burn...
Smokey the Bear says: "Only your house can prevent wildfires."
On the bright side Idaho made the front page for something other than potato farms and home made pools 
Better hope you don't get a nest of spiders in there. 
It's like a Quentin Tarantino movie.
I just watched evil dead last night... I have no idea why this reminded me of that though..
Looks like it worked
Yeah, you still have a house!
Power wash time? Power wash time.
you sure your wife didn't just bleed everywhere?
Your shit doesn't burn down?
RED RUMMMMMM
This looks like Yarnell/Peeple's Valley. My father in law's house is a very similar design.
Always wondered what would happen.. Thank god for Reddit.
Hope the rain will get that off =)
If that fire wasn't retarded before, it sure is now.
That's what you get for hitting on a MAFFS pilot's girlfriend
Good thing they didn't catch fire. 
man that shit aint never gonna catch fire
This looks like the final scene from the new evil dead, when it rains blood.  
Plug it up! Plug it up! Plug it up!
I wonder how that effects your garden.
That is what a period looks like. 
I find it funny that the first image is a grill.
Welp, shouldn't live in areas prone to natural disasters.

that stuff does a really good job of covering..Is there any way to paint houses with this method?
you got a little... something there...
don't worry, you are now safe.
so much sauce and no bbq
You sure it was that time of the month?
Now you can play with matches
What if you were outside when it fell? Seems poinsonus
Two cars and a house painted for free.
Now you'll never be able to burn it down for insurance money, those dicks.
So fire retardent is blood, good to know.
thats retardant
There will be blood.
Dear OP- I live in 1A (Boise). Were you able to get the red off?
Well, none of that appears to be on fire.
Considering that all your possessions could be burned out husks of twisted cement and metal, I'd say you came out on top.
That's retarded.  
Not the plastic box!
Did it wash off easily?
FYI This is the stuff that was dropped on the house:

Fire safety level: retarded
.. an episode of Dexter?
I just red myself? 
Where are you from? My company has fire planes all over the country right now
Ha! Watching it in the news right now,  sorry about your house man. 
That's retarded.
Hey we've got the same barbeque! I don't remember seeing that colour in stock though...
looks like the final scene of the evil dead remake
was this in Emmett or boise?
Did you happen to open a book, read the words, and have a bunch of other weird shit happen first? 
Its like the aftermath of the evil dead remake. 
You should drive through a fire, and film it. 
Your house looks like the senior dorms at my school. 
Wash it off quickly or you will be grinding it off. Also your garden and grass will never be greener. That stuff is pure fertilizer. 
Your such a retardant... See what I did there?  Ill show myself out now.
Better than an airplane full of fire accelerant I suppose!
fuck yeah! slurry. As a consequence the lawn should grow better now
please tell me you tried to burn some of that shit.
Geeeez. You almost sound upset that your house ISN'T on fire. 
We've been doing news stories with these guys all day. There was a spider on their wall that was painted red from the retardant.
Technically speaking, if an airplane was dumped on the house, why are there no pieces of airplane wreckage and why is the house still standing?
Might as well deactivate your smoke detectors. 
least flammable house ever
well im sure it will help to lower your homeowners insurance
It's not on fire, so it seems to have worked.
Night of The Comet
At least now you don't have to pay for fire insurance.
So this is how houses are birthed? 
That's odd, usually the blood gets off at the second floor.
Could they make different colors?
So this is how you 
RAINING BLOOOOOOOD! FROM A LACERATED SKY. 
Did it stain the white car?

It's the spiders. They're on to you. Flee while you can to a more flammable location.
aunt flo came to visit?
Why?
this is definitely the last scene of the evil dead.
Better red than dead?
Smokin!!!
Defensible space bitch!
Power wash that shit.
i though of . when i saw this picture..unfortunately. terrible but messed up movie. NSFL (gore) 
Is this from the Mt. Charleston fire by any chance?
So is that stuff basically made of cancer?
at least it didnt burn down
Raining Blood! 
YOU'RE WELCOME
But hey, at least it's not likely to catch on fire any time soon.
why
CHA CHING
It looks like a scene from Carrie.
Looks like a scene out of War of the Worlds
It was an attack by the Red Ribbon Army! They like Red, and your house is their next Base!
That's one way to paint the town red. 
At least your home insurance should cost less
Now how are you going to start the grill?
Idy?
I don't understand how this happened
Well at least you can cancel your fire insurance.
Well at least your house didn't burn down. 
This is what it looks like after a sharknado.
You must be in Idyllwild. 
At least you won't have to worry about a house fire
It's okay now nothing you have will ever catch on fire!
Everybody knows you never go full retard.
Looks like Godzilla had her period all over your house.
Looks like the set for evil dead!
This reminds me of High Plains Drifter
IDAHO!
that's so retardant!
You should try and burn it down to collect insurance money...oh...shit...nevermind.
Kool aid man bukkake
OP was this recent? I live in Palm Springs and our mountains are on fire!
Look on the bright side... you:

It worked
Well, was your house on fire?
and his name is liquidarrogance. You set yourself up for that one buddy.
I think it's safe to say that someone got a ration of shit that day.
What the literal fuck
this is hilarious
Thats pretty much the most metal house ever.
War of the world blood. On another note, such a shitty movie, but I somehow enjoy it..
Nice, free new paint jobs!

Looks like something out of "Carie" haha
At least you got both your house and car painted for free
Arson just got a little more hard.
That's what you get for living in Ada county Idaho.
Fight fire . . fire.
Go ahead and cancel that fire insurance 
Please tell me you live on mount San Jacinto
Heyyyy Idaho. Where is 1a
I got so excited when I saw the Idaho plates!!! 
It works.
Least you don't have to worry about a fire now...I guess...
To bad it's not Halloween
I must be fire retarded or something but what the fuck happened?
Safest grill in the neighborhood
so... does the grill work?
What is the 50ft woman on the rag again?
I read this to be "this is what happens when your house gets an airplane full of retards dumped on it" and was really, really confused.
Nice try, RED 2 advertising team.
"RedRuM"
These have got to be some of the most unfunny comments ever.
I see the angles and demons are having another fight.
Little pink houses... For you and me

Never go full retardant. 
There will be blood.
Just throw out the grill.. it'll never light now :(
Someone went to town with a ketchup bottle.
Why would someone dump an airplane on your house? That's so rude 

You're welcome.  Now your house can't burn down!

Why!?

Who knew the blood of your enemies was fire retardant?
OP is such a derp.  Even his house is retarded.  
mmmmm strawberry.
You said retardant. 
your home is retarded. just sayin'
Must live out in Pine Valley
It's like one of those fucked dreams I have where I blink once and everything is covered in blood then i blink again and wake up.
Wait so it was a fire fighing airplane. .damn i stupid.
Blood bath.
Well, it didn't burn.....
They're just trying to do you a favor. Now your house and belongings won't light on fire.
Be happy you dont have a pool
Carrie?
On the bright side you won't have to worry about your house catching on fire.
Just think of how fast you can run around your house now that it has been treated with Aperture Science propulsion gel. 

This is so metal...
House getting burned down...or a couple days of cleaning. Be happy you still have everything and call it a day
Id wash that off quick. Phos check is a bitch for corrosion on plastics. 
I just can see the firemen with the most satisfying grin yelling "you're welcome!!!".
War of the Worlds.
OPs name couldn't be better for this post.
Looks like you need to call the Wolf
This is what happens when your house DOESNT get an airplane full of fire retardant dumped on it. 
"My sister was tarded. She's a pilot now." 
Someone in r/powerwasherporn just came.
On the bright side, I don't see any fire.
I hope you have vampire retardant, because you're gonna get a real infestation...
But hey! Your shits still there!
Ooooh some fellow Idahoans
what does it look like without a retardant drop? btw, it's caustic. takes hours to get off the fire engine when we get dropped on. we immediately take water from our tank and rinse it off
No more snakes on that plane..
Bloodbath
red rum!
However, notice the lack of flames.
think about it! Now you house won't burn down in the near future!
The house looks kind of stylish...
Airplane full of fire retardant...or aftermath of the elevators from the .?
How are you going to get your grill going now?
But on the plus side, its not on fire.
still better than a house on fire
I think your cars look pretty cool. Don't wash them. 
There's a red house over yonder....

Shouldn't the retardant be blue? That is the opposite color of fire. This stuff will just make the fire burn better because it is the same color. 
On the plus side, your house didn't burn down...
That's retardant. 
It's the most retardant thing ever.
No, there are many things that are more retardant, but this is highly retardant. 
the house actually looks pretty kick ass.
This picture is pretty metal.
Not quite enough fell to cover your license plates. 
Did anybody get caught in that stuff?
Surprisingly efficient in its coverage.
Is that the ending to the new Evil Dead?
I read that as "retarded." .I understand now. 
I don't see a pic of your house on fire.  :-)
It doesn't burn? 
I read "airplane full of fire hydrant" and had a very different picture in my head.
OP can we get a backstory? 
How is the grill supposed to work now, if its fire retardant? 
That doesn't look too bad considering an airplane got dumped on your house.
All of . just cringed.

Actually the accepted term is "flame-impaired" 
Hey look on the bright side, your grill won't catch on fire.
Well that sure was retardant of them.
no worries, it should buff right out.
live in southern california? near redlands?
bad time of the month ?
I haven't washed my car in like two years..Still wouldn't, that would look awesome in a few months. unique paintjob yo
Looks like the set from the new Evil Dead
any way to....... beat the heat????
Your house got Carrie'd.
Looks like an Angel just had its core shattered over your home. 
Well to be fair, it doesn't look like his house burnt down.
Context?
Thats retarded
Well that's one way to cover up a murder I guess
RAINING BLOOD
Does anyone else have Slayer playing in their head now...?
Thanks for not posting on r/wtf 
Looks like shark week.
i have that same grill in my backyard. now i'm gonna have horrifying flashbacks to this image, which looks more blood soaked than the original Carrie movie, every time i look at it. i have a family reunion BBQ coming up.....at my house....
Thought you said "retards" and was wondering why it wasn't in . or 
Let's get Retardant.
oh, I thought this was the set of Evil Dead
At least the house got painted, and the car, and the BBQ, and the lawn.
RAINING BLOOOOOOOOOOD
FROM THE LACERATED SKY!!!!! 
I sure hope it was burning, or i'd be pissed as hell. 
Great job, Op, looks like you caught them red handed.
...Looks like the set of a Tarantino movie.
Is it sticky or hard? And it's ganna be hot hot in Boise these next few days, maybe you should keep it on until the heat passes...
why do you have a 1A plate and a 1G plate
"This is why Superheroes don't wear capes"
Sweet, free paint job.
Is that what they told you it was?
Upvotes for Jeep Cherokee.
"Its retarded, I'm retarded."

Dude that's a blessing. Your house is fire proof well atleast from outside
You never go full retard(ant)
When that stuff is burned it smells like maple bacon! And its slippery as hell but I imagine you have already found that out. 
Put...put some fire on it.
Alucards dream!
relevent username?
Light your car on fire.
This happened to my car one day while driving through Slave Lake, Ab. I blinked but had dark glasses on & it took a second to figure it out : )
Damn... you soooo retarded.
Guess the grill is useless now.
I see a red door and I want it 
But....you still HAVE the house, right????  There is a worse outcome.....
Don't call the fire names!
The Richard Dreyfuss / John Goodman / Holly Hunter flick, . had a great scene where John Goodman's on the ground, training the fire bombers above... and gets hit with that stuff.

What a beautiful patina!  Don't wipe it off or you'll decrease its value.
On the plus side, your house will never catch fire!
Well at least you're safe from fires for a while.
Where are the carcinogenic posts?  I assume this shit is not something you want to live with.
I used to have that same grill, it was the best I ever owned. I had to sell it when I moved into a condo, I still regret that decision to this day. 
You're welcome?
This is what happens when your house doesn't burn down. 
What happens if it gets on the spiders...
Look on the bright side... No more flare-ups!
I wonder what's in fire retardant, would it rust your stuff? Sorry oxidize.. well, if it were an oxidiser would it be used to fight/prevent fires? I don't know what I'm talking about here... 
It appears to be commonly composed of ammonium phosphate. I'd guess that there's also some dye added to it (so they can tell where it has been dropped.)
In this type of retardant its just three ingredients. . Basically refined rust. It is the dye that makes it red. Its purpose is simply to paint the area so they pilot can see from the air where they have already dropped. . Its wet. It stops fire. People think its dropped on the fire itself, but its typically used ahead of the fire to create a wet border that the fire will have a harder time crossing.. Because shit sticks. If it was just water it would simply run off or evaporate quickly. This makes it coat and stay wet and more effective longer..So other than the knowledge that everything has a layer of poop on it, it should wash off just fine. .Source: Years ago I was a wildland firefighter and got painted by these drops many times. 

"Honey, let's paint the town red tonight." or something.
Your house must be a arsonists worst nightmare
What you need are 26 sequentially smaller cats, the last having something called "VOOOM" in his hat. Thats the only way I've read you get spots up, like that.
Evil Dead: The Morning After
At least your house won't burn down.
Time to stage a remake of 

Looks like the aftermath of the evil dead 
Must have been that time of the month for that fire


There it is! I knew I'd find this in here somewhere. World Painted Blood would have also been acceptable.
There is the story from the local news station.  .Retardant is messy stuff, its oily and slightly viscous to the touch. I'm not sure how to describe it.  The guy is lucky the drop plane was up "high." Every once in a while they drop low on one of the bay door tankers and it annihilates everything it hits.
Your house will look better this way. Burnt down houses are ugly. 
An airplane full of fire retardant? A drum of grape jam? A desk of Cheez Its? Where are you getting these units of measure from?
So, who do you call in that situation? 

Guess you will think twice before you fuck a pilots wife again, won't you?
Relevant username. 
On the bright side, your insurance rates for house fires will be ridiculously low now.
Looks like a scene from dexter
Fire 
We need a story OP.

Totally read that as "airplane full of retards." Thanks dyslexia!
How did it happen? Whats the story behind it?
Tsunami, had to fireproof he house
That Carrie...what a crazy gal...

+75 Fire Resistance in Hardcore Hell Mode..gg act4

Red It.
You're doing it wrong.
This stuff itches like hell. I took a load while operating a portable pump near a river. I had to work the next 14-hours with this shit on me. 

Firefighter here. Sorry about that. We'll be sure to just let it burn next time. 
Settle down; he wasn't complaining, just explaining his pics.
Not being a homeowner (or privy to homeowners insurance) is this something that they cover?

Homeowner's insurance should cover this because the proximate cause of loss is fire.  Just like if they flood your basement putting out a fire in the attic; water damage like that is normally not covered but because it was related to the original cause of loss (fire) which is covered, the water damage would be covered.
I'm sure they would pay someone to come out to clean it up and fix any damages. Not sure if your preimiums would go up. 

What's it smell like? Does it wash off? I bet at night it looks like the house in Amityville Horror.

I know from work that when the retardent burns it smells like maple bacon..... its terrible when you have been on the fire line for 20+ hours with less then awesome food 

I appreciate what you do. You guys don't get enough credit. If you're ever near Austin I'll hook you up with some maple bacon. Or some local briscuit and sausage.
Oh no, you misunderstood, he works at a prison on their firing line. Totally different../s
Use your brain, kid. There was probably a forest fire near his house and a plane dropped fire retardant.
There are a couple of wildfires burning in the foothills above Boise at the moment. I'm assuming that OP lives nearby. 
Either that or he was burning the brisket 
"burning the brisket" .hhehheehehe
No fucking shit, you think he didn't know that? He was asking for more specific details. Use your brain, kid.

Thats actually more than I thought about, I thought the plane accidently dropped it
There are also wildfires burning in California and Colorado. And probably other states, as well.

No, you have to pay out of pocket to have your shit fire retardant. 
It's fire challenged or fire special needed. 

Heh, you took a load.

To the face, even. 
Oh man, I just noticed your username. You have made my day, albeit a mildly uneventful one.

smells like safety


Notice, everyone, that it's not on fire.
Wooooah
It works!
Lisa I'd like to buy your rock.
now that grill is never going to light..
Chances are now when he goes to light it, it will turn into a giant ice cube.
Small price to pay if it saved your house  Is it hard to wash off?
Oohhhh, this was done on purpose.

I don't think this did anything to save the house did it? I thought that stuff had to actually fall on the fire to do anything... I thought it was  completely useless if it's just all over the ground..Not sure where I heard this... wonder if anyone has any info on the subject.
Fire retardant is usually dropped to prevent fire from burning an area. It is often used in areas where it is impractical to build fire line due to time, inaccessibility, or other reasons. When you see aircraft dumping something on a fire directly, a lot of the time it's just water..Source: I used to be a wildland firefighter.

I would like to buy you a drink, good sir.

^ This is what I want to know.
As a Helitack Firefighter who has been caught in a drop of Phos-Chek long-term, or as we call it "red rain", on more than one occasion I can confirm it is a pain in the ass. It stains my Nomex and takes a while to wash out. It's also itchy as all hell and tastes awful, smells kind of fruity though. .I would imagine after having it bake into vinyl siding for a few days or a week would make it a very unpleasant task to remove.. er, good luck with that. Can't say for sure though because the only thing I usually have to wash it off of is me!
Source: ServiceMaster Clean
Can someone explain what a brush and mild detergent can do that a powerwasher couldn't replace?

This sounds like such a pain in the rear.!
And in the ass.!

File a claim with the incident commander.
Still better than having your house burn down tough!

Their homeowners insurance may assist with the clean up costs.
Oh god....That sounds like a horrible amount of work that nobody is going to do.

Yep, Well, looks like you got a red house and a matching car now!
Yay for insurance. 

Bet it's harder once the sun bakes it on for a couple days.

If it's too much trouble, they could just sell everything for more than it's worth because now it's all been "treated with fireproof protection".

...some houses are retardant they can't help it they were born with lack of oxygen"

A risky reference, but I think it's going to pay off Chet.
I so bet it will..
Ha ha.  I used to work at a tanker base for several years and never heard of a pilot doing this.  There was an unwritten rule that if a tanker got on TV, they would have to buy everyone on the base ice cream or beer..If you call the BLM or Forest Service and e-mail them these pictures, word will get to the tanker base. I'd say a popular post on reddit should earn everyone some beers from the pilot.  You'll still have a muddy house, but some good can come of it..edit: PS try not to get that shit on you, it will itch pretty bad.

The tanker doesn't decide where to drop retardant. He follows a Forest Service lead plane that shows him where to drop.
But the tanker didn't get caught... just the results of the tanker being there.  .Also, is it common for them to hit houses?  I thought that shit was to go directly on the fire.
A fire retardant would not do much good against a fire already burning in excess of 1200 degrees.

But it'll help a lot against all the burning embers blowing and landing down wind.

Nope, water drops usually go directly on the fire, but retardant is used to "box in" the fire in addition to hand/dozer lines and other methods. 
Cool, thanks for the info.
Looks like Mother nature perioded all over the place...

I assume you've never heard of ..
I saw you driving that jeep down state street today. I was wondering what was all over your car. It's true that reddit has all the answers...
Hey lemme ask you this - are there still restaurants in the Boise area that sell Finger Steaks?   I was born there, but raised elsewhere.  My dad was raised in Nampa and he makes them all he time -- he swears that lots of restaurants in the Boise area have finger steaks on the menu.  
Yep, you can get finger steaks at a lot of places in Boise.
I'm still on a mission to find the best ones.  The original ones from The Torch were amazing, and nothing really matches up to them.
I think it's sad that a few people have the "original" recipe and won't share with the world..
Edit:  From what I've been reading this morning, most of the ones still available in restaurants are pre-made, processed frozen stuff.  You may have to experiment with a beer batter+spices/herbs yourself to get anything close. 
Supposedly The Dutch Goose bought the recipe.  It tastes pretty similar, but they use smaller pieces of steak.  Not bad at all though.  They are my favorite Torch replacement so far.

I used to live in Boise and before even seeing the plates on the Jeep somehow knew this was just outside of there - not surprised the fires are intense again this summer. I'm going to hazard a guess and say OP lives out near Dry Creek.

I used my Idaho plate reading skillz too. .Ada and Gem 
You got red on you. 

I got the reference don't worry buddy. 
Shaun of the Dead? I automatically read that in a British accent. 



With  a red corvette, and everything is red for him.

And himself & everybody around cause he aint got nobody so listen 

I'm red dabadee dabadi dabadee dabadi dabadee dabadi...
dabadeedabadiedabadeedabadie
And himself, cause he ain't got nobody to listen-to listen-to...
I'm red, blue is dumb, have some pie

Well there goes your insurance fraud plan. No way you're burning all your stuff now.

I wonder what happens if you start a fire on the inside?

That would be retarded. 

This guy asks the tough questions.



yes. thank you!
Always look on the bright side of life, I guess....Edit: I just realized I responded to the wrong person and my comment doesn't really make sense. Fuck it, it's staying. 

At least, you won't have to wash it off after.. 
But... What about the Power washer?

It washes itself!

With your very own tears... 
Shit's retarded

The thalidomide of fires
I tell you what boys, that's funny right there. I don't care who ya are.

Chirality, yo. 
Hopefully.

Oh my god. Thank you for this! I'm actually 100% serious! I love powerwashing stuff!

Hngg so amazing
I didn't know this subreddit existed! BLESS YOU!
Thank you so much for this.....really.
And that's when I spent an hour looking at a subreddit about pressure washers....... I've never even pressure washed anything before...

And here I thought to myself, "Now that can't . be a real subred... oh, for FUCK'S SAKE!"
Once you start looking, you can't stop. Amazingly satisfying. 
There really is a subreddit for everything.
I honestly clicked on all the links for the first page, there is something about cleaning a deck or house with a power washer that is just so damn satisfying in every way that I imagined it would be.

thanks for this link

OP is going to have the most satisfying day ever.  His house didn't burn . he get's to power-wash it all off.
I'm going on Sunday!
I assume this is the wellspring where Taco Bell exclusively harvests Mountain Dew Baja Blast?
I once heard the Havasupai village is the last place in the US where mail is still delivered via pony express.
I was sort of hoping it'd be a picture of Manhattan.
Got my reservations aug 18!
Whoa I just stood at the top like a chump. If I'd known that was down there I would have made an effort ;)
ah havasupai! went there on my honeymoon with my wife. good times. beautiful. although it looks a lot worse after the flooding. it was so pristine before it. anyways great shot.
On a trip down there with some friends we met a member of the havasupai tribe name Neil. He shared some coronas with us in camp and confided with us about a secret pot garden in one of the side canyons. He also mentioned the insane amount of high quality camping gear left behind. My next trip down I asked about Neil and learned he had been killed in a car accident in phoenix. Rip Neil.
 Some tents were swept away in the campground when the water rose at least three feet.
Beautiful. Now, how to get down...
I was right there with you boss. The last 2 miles in the sand was the worst. 
this is so beautiful! i photoshopped it to show the colors you were REALLY seeing . ...i hope i didn't ruin it
I would have just bought that in a closer gift shop.
You found him!  Now what?
Thats not the grand canyon, its Havasu falls and I have been twice
That looks amazing. I would love to hike there
Yup, Lake Havasu Falls in The Havasupai reservation, one of the few places in US mail is delivered by mules. Source: I live in AZ.
And I clicked a link for it.
Worth it!
i actually read "Hitler" instead of "Hiked"
Insert "Totally worth it" meme here.
Wow. I need to get out more.
Worth it.
Havasu Falls! Best trip of my life. Hope you enjoyed.
If you had hiked another 100 feet you would have made it there.
is that water drinkable. if so how do you think it tastes
It used to be nice and quite down there before the chopper rides.
Well, did you jump it?!
Wow..
Lushness
That's gorgeous. 
Havasu falls -- great place and phenomenally beautiful. Enjoy the falls!
I think Havasupi is actually in Cataract Canyon, it's a tributary to the Colorado River, which is in the grand canyon
HEY OP!.I photoshopped the people out of it for you. And I tweaked the colors a smidgen, I wanted to make that red stand out more..Great photo, 
Do you have a grid or directions how to get there?  I must go there.  
Moon Falls is just another mile farther down...but the Colorado River is 10 miles...of hard (but fun) hiking. Looks like they've recovered from the flood.
Now imagine the poor sods who hiked in 10 miles with two picnic benches strapped on their backs.
...jump
that water looks heavenly
Homer J. Simpson might ask why didn't you take a car or bus (since there are already people). 
I am also interested in the fact there are two picnic table available for lunch. Someone had to haul those there. 
And you didn't even get a t-shirt.
After those ten miles in the 100 degree weather all you looked forward to is jumping in the water. I go there every two years and love it!
Should just live in Hawaii.
Can you camp there?
Seems like it was time well spent.  Awesome pic.
you have made a good choice.
This is a repost from a nofap environment
Now that is a lovely cactus.
Those rooftop Manhattan pools are becoming very scenic. 
I've always wanted to go but, don't the Native Americans who own the land charge ridiculous amounts of money for you to stay the night?
What a horrible place to surf. 
Awesome, I went there, oh man I guess it's been almost 7 years ago. So much fun. We were gonna do it again the next year, but I guess it flooded and was kinda messed up for a while. I should do this again sometime.

What trail did you take to hike here?
This is actually a fairly popular place as far as AZ outdoor teips go. Surprised more people havent seen it before....

I hope you went swimming.
Did you pee in it?
They have water in convenient stores for like 99 cents. You wasted your time and energy.

Omg...
Wow there's so much less water than usual. 

There is an indian reservation a couple miles back up the canyon who manage this area with horses and a helicopter that flys in and out on certain days. We ended up doing this hike in a day and paying to fly out on the helicopter that evening. You can also rent horses/mules to carry you or your pack in and out of the canyon.

What side is that on?
This is the reason I love reddit. Pictures like this..And gone Wild,
But did you find Bobby and Cindy?
Is that Havasu canyon?  I was there when I was 10 or so...beautiful place.

boo
I'd certainly hike another 10...looks beautiful! 
Correct. There is no road to the village.
What is wrong with that water?

Love that spot!!

That's beautiful!  I think I need to start planning a trip there....
isn't it actually TWELVE miles to this particular waterfall? i thought it was 10 to the town of Supai and then an additional 2 miles to get to this waterfall from the town..i could be remembering incorrectly, because i did the hike about 10 years ago, but i've been telling the story as a 12 mile hike ever since. please tell me if i'm wrong.

That was so worth it!


Amazing. I am very jealous! I really wish I had someone to hike with on an adventure like this. Next time take me with you? ;)

Worth it!
Is that deep enough to cliff dive into?

Not right at the falls, but keep walking down the trail for a few minutes and heres a bunch of camp grounds.Source: i hiked that a few weeks ago
Man this makes me feel so. I don't know. Lazy? This guy reached such a Beatiful Place, by hiking to it and im just sitting here and watching Porn.
GC delivers.
10 whole minutes. Machine. 
Youll have a hellofa time there. Wear water shoes because the rocks in the rivers will cut the shit out of your feet. Try to make it to beacer falls. Have fun!
The same one Nic Cage visited in Next.
Hiked 10 miles when you could have just come to reddit
Can you camp next to the falls?  I know some of these places have various types of regulations about camping, overnights, etc.

There is a little town nearby with an inn, and a campground a short hike downriver..Check it out: 

Havasu and Moony's Falls were awesome.  The water level's pretty low compared to when I was there..Did you camp there, or hike back up in the same day?  I'm asking because my wife and I hiked down and camped.  In the middle of the night, we heard a couple of people talking right outside of our tent.  Something like "Is this it?"  "No, this isn't the one"..At the time, we thought it was a couple of other campers who went out to go to the bathroom.  When we got back to the place we rented the camping gear from, they casually asked us where we went.  When we mentioned camping at Havasu, we got an earful about some of the problems in the area.  There were murders, rapes and other things mentioned.  I couldn't find news reports to back up everything, but I found more than one at the time..Yeah.  Nothing happened to us, besides getting dehydrated and a couple of blisters.  But it did make us think back to waking up at night with someone outside of our tent.
go to the link posted above and read the comments below the article. very interesting.

Awesome.  How's the new falls close to that?  I went down in the canyon about 8 years ago, but I heard that in the intervening period one of the really cool falls got washed out in a flood and changed the course of the stream.
Who had the balls to pack in those picnic tables
A helicopter pilot or a mule train.
I went there two summers ago! Unfortunately, there was a dead guy at a nearby waterfall
More details?

Arizona native, been to Havasu Falls twice. Best desitnation in AZ. The stark contrast of going from bland, dry desert hiking to an oasis is amazing. You round the corner and BAM! Hopefully you kept hiking the extra 1/4 mi to the additional falls. You have to climb down the side of a cliff to get to the other ones but there used to be rope swing down there!
Mirage.
Is there a tiny man sitting on the edge of the cactus in the foreground?

Wouldn't it sucked to have gotten bitten by a snake as soon as you got there?
Ten miles is a good hike but props to whoever carried those 2 picnic tables on a ten mile trail!  
Was it an easy and long hike? Or hard as well? I'm getting into hiking and there's so many things I want to see, but I haven't done much advanced hikes, just a few in Wisconsin.
hiking alone in the canyon? sounds like a great idea 
At first I thought that was a mini guy on the cactus
that looks awesome, fellow U of A alum!
worth
Did you jump in?!
It looks swimable...until you watch 
haha oh man, this is the first thing I thought of when you mentioned that. Poor Granny Ruth dies right after.
Totally. Worth. It. .It's on my to-do list for next year when I'm out on the West coast. 
Pff, totally not worth it. 
Straight to the bucket list.  
I'm heading there a week from tomorrow. We have permits to camp, but if there is any bad rain we're gonna be at the nearby inn. Good to see that the water is still clear!

its all a mirage
Of Course there's always the other option, Raft in from the Colorado!
At the GC the hardest part is the hike back out!.Awesome picture.

Ah the weed that would be smoked here.

Absolutely loved my time visiting Havasupai. Make sure you go the extra mile or two for Mooney Falls!! Totally worth it 
The climb down mooney falls was my favorite part. I was the only one in my group who looked at the climb and went down. 
Wow
I just added the place to my bucket list and never knew it existed before.
Worth It.
It looks like a scene from the episode of futurama when fry and leela go on vacation....
Worth every step!
It's now a life goal of mine to see this place in person.
Can anyone explain why the water is so blue when the surrounding rock is so orange? I would think sediment from the rocks would make the water more brown.
Could be limestone. There's lakes in Chile (and other places) that are stunning blue, from glacial sediment.  
Im guessing dissolved copper salts.  Google a plitvice lakes in Croatia

Nope, it's dissolved calcium carbonate (limestone).

I swear Havasupai is one of the coolest places I've ever been.

I did this trip two April's ago during Spring Break from teaching.  Loved every single second of this trip and would repeat in a second.  We landed in Phoenix from the East Coast, toured Taliesin West (Frank Lloyd Wright home & studio), then drove to Sedona - SO BEAUTIFUL! and camped in a meadow overnight for $5, then drove the rest of the way to the parking-lot on the reservation, slept in the car overnight, woke up early and hiked in.  We stayed in the campground for 5 days and took day hikes all over the place, ate a lunch or two at the reservation restaurant, swam in different spots, found places to skinny dip, a million photos and video, then hiked out and drove to the Grand Canyon to camp in 14F and snow and wore everything we'd brought with us because we thought it'd be spring everywhere. :/  Awesome, awesome trip!!
I've been there! Of course our lazy asses rode asses instead of walking (mule rides yo!)
I go there every year. There's an awesome pool above the falls (its far enough back that you wont fall off, but its pretty close) with some rapids in it and a big 30 ft high jump to cliff dive off. Pretty much my favorite spot in the world.
Awesome location, can you provide info for how to get there? I've never been to the Grand Canyon and will be going in the next few years..For some reason this reminds me of Hanging Lake, in Colorado. Maybe it's the waterfall and the clear water. If you're ever in Colorado, near Glenwood Springs, it's only a couple miles of hiking to get to it.
I'm close to Glenwood Springs! I'm definitely checking that out.

its not at the grand canyon. Its a ways away from it actually. You have to enter through the indian reservation in the middle of nowhere. Take Route 66 to peach springs, then take the indian route north until it stops. There is a parking lot there, and just start walking.

The Glenwood Caverns are worth a look too if you haven't been there. And if you like history, Doc Holliday's grave is in Glenwood Springs, it's only a 5 minute hike from the outskirts of town.
Awesome place to go! This waterfall is about one mile past the shit hole of a reservation however..I guess a little background on my visit. I stayed 3 nights there and on the first day we hiked in and they were supposed to bring our bags down by burro train. We arrived at camp around 9AM and checked in without issue. After about 11 hours our bags arrived via drunk guy on a donkey. We had no food and no swim trunks for our whole first day. Our bags were literally thrown off the donkey as the rods in our backpacks were bent/broken along with our tent posts..We talked to the ranger and they said they would comp us our helicopter ride out..The next day they had no cooks to run the breakfast joint. So no breakfast. Saw the falls all day and was happy with that. Repeat the next day..Went to fly out in the morning and talked to the helicopter crew about being comped on the way out due to a issue with our first day/night. They said they were a private company and can't waiver the flight. Talked to the captain and he said they do this all the time..Will definitely go back. Fly in Fly out.

I go every year and never had a problem, of course my group always hauled in everything we need ourselves...
If you are fit enough to make the hike in, you can certainly backpack whatever you need in with you...
It seems to me you had a shitty time because you were expecting 5 star service in the wilderness. I wish they would do away with the damn helicopters. This trip was always about roughing it, hiking, taking care of yourself and enjoying the beautiful scenery. .Find a city and hotel for your next trip. 
looks poisonous 
The color is from sediment.
Scale of 1-dead how bad of an idea is it to jump off that waterfall? It looks awesome.

wiki says it's 90-100ft. very doable. just takes balls. i've done 60ft in italy and climbing over the railing was a little nerve wracking but that's the fun of it all!
People have died going the falls.  The bigger water fall is below this fall.  I think it's called Mooney falls.  Havasu falls has a rope behind the falls where you can climb up and jump through the falls though.
Seeing places like this makes me wish I had the means to travel. Earth truly has some amazing places!
...and ive been to this national park 3 times and still find it unbelievable
That really is amazing yes. And you are very fortunate to have been there so often.
It's 12 miles!! Ten miles to Supai and then 2 miles further to the falls. I also hiked it, 50lb pack and all. A person drowned while we were camping down there... we had definitely hiked next to him and his friends on the way in. 
How did they drown? It doesn't look that deep or dangerous. 

Get too close to the falls, and it'll pull you in. I'm doing this trip in a few months. This is one of the things I was told to watch out for.
There are multiple falls there. He was playing the "how close can I swim the the waterfall" game, got sucked under, and was tumbled under the water for 30 minutes.
Wow! Horrible. Thanks for the info. I'll make sure not to attempt that when I go next year. 


Been there and worth every mile to see that.

IIRC, it's from a lack of sediment and from the unique mineralization present in the water. The water is blue from all of the dissolved calcium carbonate (limestone) and then it solidifies and forms travertine which is the mineral that makes up the walls of the big blue pool.
Edit: it appears that dissolved magnesium salts also make up for the blue color. Thanks to cheml0vin! Still shouldn't be toxic though.

There ya go. Not poisonous though.
This looks like absolute paradise.

It is! I can't wait to go back.
Oh wow something on Reddit I actually know a bit about. This is Havasu falls located on the Havasupai American Indian Reservation. I've done that hike about 8 time in the last 10 years and have been leading student hikes down into the canyon for about 3 years now. It is easily my favorite hike that I've ever done. 
You start off by descending some switchbacks for about 1.5 miles then continue for about 6 more miles and you'll reach the last native american settlement still located in the Grand Canyon. This is Supai village. Their village is pretty modern compared to what most people would think of when they hear about a Native American village. If you're not much of an avid outdoors person they actually have a lodge and small cafe in the village. Don't feel like hiking on that particular day? Well you can always rent a mule and carry your gear down and a horse to carry you! The hiking trail you follow down to the village is used the the natives as well and you'll continuously see them pass with chains of horses. Interesting fact: Supai village is the only place where mail is still delivered by Pony Express! 
The actual hike itself isn't too difficult but the heat is always something to be prepared for. If you continue for about 2 miles you'll begin to hear the sounds of water. You come up over a hill and immediately to your right is . Falls (the falls pictured above). You'll also pass . falls on the left shortly after leaving the village. All of the falls in Havasupai canyon were affected pretty heavily by the flood that struck the canyon back in 2008. Havasu falls is probably the most popular of Havasupai's 4 (give or take) waterfalls. It's pretty close to camp and is a great place to just relax for the day. There may or may not be an old mine shaft further down the canyon behind Havasu falls too (:
Further down past the campsite are another set of falls called . falls. When you first see them, you are level with the top of the falls. to reach the bottom you need to actually . down the side of the canyon using a path that consists of short tunnels, holding onto ropes, and trying not to look down. Getting to the bottom is totally worth it though. Mooney is the tallest of all the falls in the canyon. Unfortunately the pool beneath is pretty shallow since the flood but it's the best photo opportunities in my opinion since you can basically go and stand right in front of the falls. Before the flood there also used to be a rope swing!
If you continue down river from Mooney (the trail goes in and out of the water so have water shoes) you'll reach . Falls about two miles down. The hike to Beaver ends with a little bit of climbing and a ladder or two. Beaver is actually a set of three small falls cascading close into each other. Supposedly beneath the first tier of the falls (the top) there is an underwater cave called 'The Green Room'. I have never been able to locate it but supposedly if you swim underwater under the falls for about 25 seconds or so (don't quote me) you reach small room with an air pocket that is green in color on the inside. I'm gonna find it one day.
I could go on and on about this trip but I'll stop with the waterfalls since that's the biggest attraction. If anyone does decide to visit this amazing place please be considerate to the other campers, natives who live there, and the canyon itself. It always saddens me how much trash I pick up along the trail.It is honestly one of the most beautiful places I've ever been and I hope it will prosper in the years to come. .Edit: 

amazing description - looking forward to visiting!
Just thought I'd contribute a bit to your writeup:

Talk to the locals, apparently there's a spot at Navajo falls you can jump from. Keep cool 

Navajo Falls was wiped out by a flood a few years ago. In its place we got two new falls unofficially dubbed Rock Falls and 50 foot falls (last I heard). They're geological infants and if they survive they'll no doubt grow up to be as majestic as their big sisters..*fixed silly autocorrect mistake
I LOVE Havasupai Falls!  Went there with friends for a week almost 6 years ago and look back on it often with happy memories.  I have to say though, the water level is CRAZY low in this photo!  When we were there the water was knee deep where those picnic tables are now in this photo.  It's been a dry year in AZ but I didn't think it was this dry.  Not my photo, but . is what the water level was like when we were there.
There was a massive flood a few years back the rerouted a lot of the water. That's why its a little low now.
is it normally supercrowded, like flocks of tourists?  Or is it just the 4 or 5 people that are currently hiking past that area?

It is crowed but not by normal tourists who are not able to make the ten mile hike down to the falls. 

It depends on when you go, early summer (June-ish) there is a decent amount of people but not overwhelming. Later in the summer the crowd tends to thin out.
Its mostly young, very athletic people. Lots of hot chicks.
The two times I've been it wasn't crazy crowded.  The first time I remember there being a lot of European tourists, so you see a lot of Daniel Craig style swimming trunks.  There are 2 accessible waterfalls near the camping area, and few go to the second one because it required going through a couple caverns and walking down ladders/railroad spikes to get to.  There's a 3rd one that even fewer go to because it's an additional 5-6 mile hike.  All 3 are absolutely worth the trip.  Probably my favorite place I've ever been.

Maybe he passed out from exhaustion after all that hiking. 12 miles in the desert must be really rough. I just took out the trash during this miserable heat wave and I'm about ready to call it a day.
I've planted 9000 trees between today and Monday and I'm about ready to call it a month.
Which is probably enough seeds to make a garbage bag kind of heavy so you know what I was dealing with.
Edit: Joking aside, what's the story behind the all the tree planting? What's your profession? 
I'm a tree planter haha and I get 6.1cents every time I do .. .We load 300-600 . at a time in those bags, and believe me - they get really heavy on a rainy day..Anyway, it's hard work, but it's a great job and I work with awesome people..Here's a little video to help people learn a bit about planting : .Edit: fixed link.
Thank you so very much for doing what you do. I personally can't reach the numbers you do, but I do what I can when I can. I wish other people would do the same, if only 10 saplings per person, eh? Make one hell of a difference! 
My back or elbows could not handle that job. Just thinking about doing that all day gave me a muscle spasm. Much respect to you and your fellow tree planters. I love trees. Browsing the website you linked reminded of me of being in the woods in Vermont where it's mostly normal (deciduous?) trees and then sometimes you'll find random patches of piney (coniferous?) trees that seem to almost have been planted in rows. Perhaps they were planted by past tree planters like yourself after certain areas were logged. They are usually pretty tall so it must have been awhile ago. . 


Apparently possible - 
Hooooooly shit

Wow, I stand corrected. I did not think that was possible. 
Wiki says its 90-100 feet, and i bet thats from the top of the cliffs.  So maybe something closer like 70-80 feet.  I've jumped off a 70 foot bridge plenty of times, not as bad as you'd think as long as you get some lower jumps first..Here's a guy(obviously professional) jumping from 172 feet: 
Hahahaha if you skip to 3:42 in the video, the judges all give him 9's across the board, except one guy...
That was insane. How did he even get up there??
The trail goes right by the top of the falls, I climbed down where he was, but there is no way in hell I would be jumping off there! Yikes!
Just seeing him standing through the current of the fall gave me the chills.  I could totally NOT do that.
Hiking in is easy..It's hiking back out that's a bitch..Well worth it on any account..I'm an overweight, old lady.  We took our kids to the Grand Canyon a few years ago..We hiked about 2 miles down.  I was astounded at the number of people hiking in flip flops with no water..We started back up at the same time as this 20 something guy who looked to be in good shape..I had to rest frequently.  This guy would literally race up, passing me sitting on a rock.  Then I would pass him because he was bent over gasping from breath.  Then he would race past me..I made it to the top about 2 minutes after he did.  He looked like shit.  I probably looked like shit, too, but my kids said I didn't look as bad as he did..I know it's petty, but it made me feel better :).I have inflammatory arthritis, but I've found that I can do pretty much anything if I just take it slow.
Ha, it's not . petty. It's cool that you're still willing and able to do stuff like that.
Thanks!
Yo, you're pretty cool. I'm sure you're not as old or overweight as you make it seem, but still, pretty cool.

But there's one of those at the hotel...
I'd love to do shrooms there.
or maybe one of those chillies Homer ate at the Chilli cook-off
Fun fact: Matt Groening has admitted to using acid. Also, the visuals in that trip are so close to acid/shrroms that it's scary.
so he did commune with a coyote voiced by Johnny Cash!
I never knew that was Johnny Cash, but as soon as you said it, it clicked!
Or Peyote.
Did you see the size of that chicken!!!!?
"Alex, if you stay they're gonna kill you. And then I'm gonna have to to go around and kill all the guys who killed you. That's a lot of killing."
Mexicaaaan Greaser!!!!!!!


I've done shrooms and acid there. It's a great time. Just past that waterfall is an old uranium mine. .we went in there on acid this year. here's my friend 

Ah thank you, that just jogged my memory. I was a roofer for many years and my uncle (foreman, family company) used to say that same thing. "Ok, scale of 1-dead, who could make that pool".The most amusing part to me was after marathon runs of continuous sun-up to sun-down, grueling heat wave type conditions where you didn't get a day off because it didn't rain, even the toughest guys would be mentally and physically exhausted (a lot of them partied hard on top of work too). So my quite hilarious other uncle (not the foreman one) would say something like, "[my name], scale of 1-dead, there's no pool, but I'd say it's an 8 if you can hit that shady grass area".I guess the joke is funnier to me because I realize what it is like to sit on 100+ degree asphalt shingles all day with a pool taunting you from below, so the joke about swan diving into the shade was always funny. Sorry for the long story, thanks for listening.

My cousin was a roofer in Georgia. He said it "cooked your brain," made you do and say really weird shit. I can understand why.
I had a coworker who used to say (and he was probably full of shit, definitely full of booze), "It's 130 degrees coming off those asphalt shingles. That's why roofers have the lowest fertility rate out of all the trades, I ain't complaining" Not sure how accurate his facts were..Oh, and I feel for the roofers down south, we get some unbearable heat (Boston area) but sometimes we get that sea breeze or good cloud cover. Though roofing through the winter is fucking brutal.

Many questions to ask. How was the water temp? Did you swim? Camped out there for the day? Was the water clean (it looks kind of mineraly)?.Seems like an excellent use of 10 miles though.


Thanks for the link. It looks like a great way to spend a vacation.

10 miles is more than a day trip, the hike down is easy, the hike back up is no fun. Last time I went we camped in a tent overnight a few miles away from the falls at a campground, then went back the next day and swam a bit before heading back up to the top. .I would not recommend this for anyone who does not hike on a regular basis, or is out of shape at all, it's very hard on your body and your lungs. Just a word of caution. 
I believe there are mules for the less physically inclined.
Also bring lots of water. You get hydrated more in high altitudes. 

If you are under 40 and can't do this simple hike you need to reevaluate your life. Can you fit your day into 23.5 hours? All it takes it 30 minutes of exercise or physical activity a day to be a much happier, attractive, and healthier human.
*dehydrated

especially if you are from lowland areas, though it is a canyon its about 7,000 feet above sea level at the top.

The Havasu Canyon trailhead at Hulupai Hilltop is about 5,200' in elevation.  The campground near the falls is about 2,800'. 

Solution: leave before 5am on the return trip. You can get to the hilltop parking lot before 11am.
I hiked it in late July. One thing I learned was to wake up as early as possible (around 4) and bang out as many miles as possible before the mid day sun. 

I had one of the coolest take-outs ever on the Colorado. We left when it was dark and since it was mostly smooth water just kind of relaxed and watched stars. The ISS passed over us, too. Really cool.
Did shrooms there a few years back, pretty intense. On the left side of the waterfall you can hike for a 1/2 mile and come to an old mining cave. Has crystals all over the ceiling and walls. Behind the waterfall there is a dripping living wall. Its all mossy, and is trippy without shrooms but super trippy on shrooms.
Calcite crystals in those old lead mines, ever notice the mine entrances past mooney, high up the canyon walls?


I knew I couldn't be the first person to see this and think ..
Navajo is gone bro. Floods a few years back rerouted the river

This. I was saddened to find this out last time I went to the GC. 
Navajo is not gone.  The floods did apparently change the river but Navajo falls is still there and you can still jump.
Pretty sure its just rocks now. Other people are confirming. ..
I was there last week. About a mile past Supai village there were small cascading waterfalls, followed by a ~20 ft. waterfall that people were jumping off and calling it Navajo. I'll post a pic after work because I'd like to get the straight dope on this. Or, does anyone know the name based on my description? It was the first waterfall after the village, and significantly before reaching Havasu.

I live in Flagstaff and head to Supai about once a year. Navajo Falls is indeed completely dry now. You can jump but you're going to bleed a lot at the bottom. The river was re-routed a few years back..It's still cool to check out all the travertine sculptures left behind there though.




I Always upvote final fantasy! Cheers mate
...found a 1892 silverdollar down there

When I was there in 2008 it was closed because some kid got a random and extremely rare amoeba or something that killed him.  Something about boring into your brain?.Edit: knew I wasn't making that shit up .Edit: As pointed out, this story happened at Lake Havasu (the spring break destination) NOT Havasu Falls which is in OP's picture.  Sorry guys!
amoebas like that only dwell in stagnant water such as lakes, in moving bodies, like a waterfall, they are usually not found
Wow that article starts horrifyingly dark. .God damn. That's a helluva end the first sentence of your article. 
This happened up the river in Havasu where topock was, in a new area called pirate Cove or something like that.. There's no water flow in the cove so bacteria like that thrives. Assholes should've just left the sandbar as it was, then no one would even deal with that new cesspool. .Source: grew up spending my summers on that lake. 
There has always . in the group

i had a scare with that after using a neti pot. they are usually in still water, not flowing. 

We have that in Florida's lakes and rivers too.  Don't kick up sediment.
Primary amoebic meningoencephalitis..N. fowleri is the culprit. Survival rate is <1% :-(
So I've been watching Fringe... .(_).( _)>-

Or just try not to swim in freshwater in Florida too much. If the brain eating amoebas don't scare you enough, the alligators should. 
The thing about freshwater in Florida is you have to be wary of the situation, if the waters warm dont swim cause you can get all kinds of fun diseases and brain eating amoebas, if people have talked about a lot of gators being in the area dont swim in the water. .simple stuff

I've been having headaches lately, it's warm and now I'm scared as shit. 
Don't worry, the amoeba isn't just in that lake, it just happens to be more susceptible there. You can get this brain eating amoeba from any old tap water! 

Tell me you're lying, do it now...
.??
You have to do it 3 times in a row.

Two is fine, what's up?

Do you know anything about ., the organism in this story? . . iPlunder claims it's in tap water. 
Didn't read the article yet, but the amoeba is . rare, so I wouldn't exactly freak out..This is why if you own a neti pot, you're supposed to boil all water first, I believe!
That makes sense. Good to know, thanks. 

pls respond
I had to illustrate that exact article for a class in college a few years ago! .edit: irrelevant to this thread, but check out way more recent work at . if you like it!
It's like a scene out of Ugly Americans, but illustrated in the Middle Ages, and maybe with a hint of Picasso. I dig your work, man.

Aw thanks dude! That is a very flattering description.
The article says he picked it up swimming at Lake Havasu though. The names are similar, but Lake Havasu is nowhere near Havasu Falls.
this is havasupai falls as well.


My take on it from a few years back.

Nice shot! Gotta love playing with the shutter speed when shooting water.
Inclined to make this my desktop background. Permission?

Please do. :)
Beautiful!
I blame the white man.

White man came, took everyone..Du du du du du du duuu duuuu du du du du du du duuuu duuuu.
I tought you were singing the Simpsons' theme song !
Source?
Midnight Oil, of course!
Fine hold on.

Did you give yourself gold?

If you made it down this far, realize this is the same guy.
The first time I went there I hiked in and helicoptered out.  The helicopter pilot told my friend and me to hop in and put on the headphones.  We put them on and he was playing the theme music to Jurassic Park.

That is cool as heck
Cool as heck, motherfricker! 
That moment when you find out that not only had people hiked that 10 miles before...they also carried picnic tables.
Some of those people use the helicopter service ($60pp one way) or mules, to bring those amenities

Lol.  Those were either helied or donkeyed in.
And put them up in the river.

theres really a parking lot behind him
OP is Bear Grylls. 

There's a tribe of Havasupai Indians who manage the site. You rent donkeys from them to get all your gear down into the canyon..Source: Boy scout
Havasupai Indians like smoking weed. Just FYI. Bring them some.
I've hiked there before with my Boy Scout troop. Look along the trail and you'll see that the Indians are already growing their own.

When I went a couple years ago they even had helicopters that would carry your gear or even give you a lift, but it was expensive. The hike is worth it anyways, because after hiking for so long in the desert that place is like an oasis..Source: Venture Crew (Eagle Scout)
Haha yeah, the rich kid in our troop flew in with his dad. 
This place is awesome.Source: Guy
When I was there the helicopter pilot flew out 2 friends for 50 bucks each, which is pretty damn cheap. But then, hiking into and out of the reservation is among the easiest hikes in the Grand Canyon, so why not just walk?.Also, I recommend the Thunder River/Deer Creek trail if you want to see some falls that are a little trickier to get to.
Yeah i really liked the hike down but when I got to the bottom I hurt my ankle so I rode the helicopter out. I was able to sit in the front with the pilot and I talked to him a little. When he took off, he went on a little detour and showed us a natural rock bridge, a rock that looked like  bear, and two rocks that looked like big macs. It was worth the money for those reasons to me

I spent 15 days rafting down the grand canyon in a paddle boat, sleeping under the stars every night.  Here's some of my shots:  .(I'm the guy in the foreground, front seat of the paddle boat photo.  That shot was at the start of Lava rapids, and you can see my buddy Bill had just been knocked off of his perch and into our friend Heather, seated behind him)

oh lava falls. did a private trip down it in 18 footers. flipped two in the maytag. 
Yikes.  My trip through Lava wasn't too bad.  I actually got sucked into Harding, believe it or not.  Boat did a 180 once we passed a large boulder and we got sucked in, boat did a handstand and we luckily got pushed out by god knows what right before we flipped.

I have no idea what you just said. 

I think he just propsed to ..  Standby for confirmation...  
But it sounds fun.
"Jolly good, dear sir, I recognize the place of Lava Falls and have been to that location myself. We partook in a trip that was not part of the public transportation system of the region using vessels which were 18 feet in length. We had the unfortunate experience of overturning two such vessels in a particularly rough section of the river deemed 'Maytag' due to it's common characteristic with a washing machine during the agitation mode of the cleaning cycle."

I kinda wanna give you Reddit gold just so I can summon you in other threads to explain stuff to me.

DO IT! DO IT! DO IT!
Another 6 mi down past mooney falls there is beaver falls. Dive behind the falls swim down 6 feet and underwater cavern appears. 

Well I know what ima do if I ever go to the grand canyon. 

Yes! The Green and Blue rooms. While one was easy to find, and a lot roomier. The other wasn't. Quite an awesome place!
Don't leave us hanging... what?

It's called the Havasupai Green Room, it looks pretty awesome:
Heh heh...beaver...heh heh

 ?

Exactly what I wanted to see, thanks! Totally doing this next time I hike down.

is their air back in it?
Don't be a pussy, go have a look

There better be a Goddamn chest in there..Every single rpg... no one ever puts stuff behind the waterfall anymore

My asshole friend told me one thing when I started playing Skyrim. He says... "check behind the waterfall", I said "which one", and he told me "you will know which one".....Every fucking waterfall I came to I heard his voice... and every fucking waterfall I checked...

Tomb Raider had it

I can think of multiple instances in Skyrim.
Yeah, I remember come right through one and have the shit scared out of me when an undead broke out of the coffin right as got through the water. Had a chest though :)
Is whose air back in it?
The Beavers'. Aren't you paying attention?

I would be terrified of concealed snakes on that path.
Which trail was this on? 

Mitch?
Were you concerned over various nastiness hiding in the growth plunging into your naked torsos?
Is that guy hiking in flip-flops?
Yea I told him he was going to have a bad time. He did. Next day didn't favor his feet well.

I can't even imagine how that must have hurt. 

Weren't you scared of snakes?

wow thats cool man
Love how basically everyone is shirtless. I'm assuming it's fucking hot in Arizona
It can actually get pretty cold down in the canyon depending on when you go. Down in the bottom is the river and there's trees and so it gets nice and cool. But when you're hiking in, it is just you, the sun, and rocks so it can get really hot
Lol its 110 today in Phoenix

To be fair it was hot as hell! We just finished swimming and headed down to the next falls.
Not all of Arizona is perma-hot.  Look up today's weather forecast for Flagstaff.  Then consider that while we're sweating at 100+ down in Phoenix, Flag is only 2 hours away.
Yeah but then you are just in Flagstaff. I guess if you like bowling that is OK.
Flagstaff is WAY more than bowling. I miss that place. 

it was weird for a Louisiana boy like myself because when i showed up to hike bright angel at 5 AM, it was so goddamn cold and the switchbacks still had ice and snow on them. then it warmed up, and i thought "hey at least there's no humidity." then it got hotter. and hotter. and hotter. and hotter. and hotter. it didn't stop getting hot, is what i'm saying. i melted to the trail and am still there to this day.

At least they have reddit there.
actually I'm just hallucinating from the heat, none of you are real. nice try though, majestic elk-man
Until velociraptors jump out and kill you 

Clever girl. 
Everyone in that picture looks funny. 

If it was ever 420 in the Grand Canyon, it's there.
Everyone in that picture looks like they're tripping balls
Shroomed out of their domes.
Would be a great cid trip out there i can only imagine 
We were extremely hot and no one knew the picture was being taken.
is that another phrase for yeah we were tripping balls?

Looks like a cross-scene from The Beach and 127 Hours. 

 is either dead or going to get a nasty sunburn.

Sheesh, and he's so pasty, too. The Grand Canyon is not the place to get tanned for the first time that year.
Probably both
Wait, can you get a sunburn when you're dead? I'm genuinely curious now.

The Walking Red
All joking aside... No, sunburn is a reaction that will no longer take place if you are dead
Isn't sunburn caused by apoptosis? You would need to be alive for this to happen, as you said. 
If I remember correctly it's not apoptosis, but an inflammatory respons to the DNA-damage caused by the UV-rays.

Dang, I was really hoping to have a nice tan for my funeral. 

I have a 1892 C.C. silver dollar wrapped up and under a rock near there, i put it there in 1984 and hoping to return next spring to reclaim it. Or look really stupid for a while looking for nothing.
Growing up my dad used to hide a rock we called the "foot rock" in a crevice near a waterfall at Fall Creek Falls, Tennessee. It was there every year. Haven't been in awhile so I wonder if it's still there.
Better hope that flooding didn't wash it away.

What did it look like? I want to go check!
do you draw treasure maps in case you don't return? 

i think someone found it in a $10 gamecube yesterday at a yard sale

I hid a quarter at the new bridge next to the Hoover Dam. I like to hide quarters all over the place, sometimes I just throw my change in the woods. Because I know one day it will be discovered and make someone's day.

I like that 
Why? 

It's like a time capsule. Why not?
Time to cash that baby in!
I'm not sure finding a quarter would make my day.

Well if someone hid the quarter in like 1891 or something, it would definitely make my day. 
Or if you were just wandering aimlessly through the woods and came across a random handful of change.

There were major floods there in the 90's, hope you found a rock out of the flood zone

There were major floods in the last six years, the whole place is mangled. I went three times in the early 2000's, and then again last year and it it looks little like it did on previous trips.
I remember my first time down there since the most recent batch of floods... Seeing that old Navajo falls were gone was frightening. Some new waterfalls there are great for swimming though.
The first one was kind of hard to reach, the others were great swimming locations :D
It's still a rad place, but nothing close to as beautiful as it used to be, kind of depressing in comparison. 

Bring metal detectors. silver dollar, lost jewelry, junk, hidden alien base. The possibilities....

and you can cut down on the gear you have to carry with these ..
This is a hike, not a trip to the beach,
We need metal detector hiking boots.
Are these the details for DLC for GTA?

I was down there when one of these happened. It was scary as hell. The natives were running down telling everyone to get to higher ground. Lots of people just left their tents standing. Turns out the campgrounds were relatively unharmed but did get some flooding. I think someone did die down by the falls that days though.

I went a year after the floods. There were picnic tables hanging in the trees about 15ft up. It was sooo much prettier before that. 
I saw a barbed wire fence about 50 CEST in the air after the ground washed out under it.
I was thinking "What the hell happened to the falls!?" I forgot about the big flood that went through there.  My grandparents used go skinny dipping there in their youth (1940s).
I'm glad it was just in their youth.
Nope he's just "geo-Cashing"....ok, I'll see myself out now...
Big then-for London.
Source?  Are there photos of the inside?
Inches? In London? Nonsense.
Um, inches are used in the UK. It is the . system after all.
Wait London's a city
Clapham is the village they live in, mate..Edit: village -> city -> council (sort of like a county) -> country (England, Scotland, Wales, or Northern Ireland) -> United Kingdom
a quick google search leads to 
The is the most awesome and terrifying timepiece I have ever seen. What sort of injuries did your grandfather sustain?
on a srs note tyvm OP great tale
What the hell are you trying to say?
AM or PM?
It was in the PM, apparently he was resting for a bit when who knows who threw the grenade in.
On a serious note, thank you very much Original Poster, great tale..I think.
Wow thank you.
Just for reference purposes the watch was made in October 1967.  Just to add a little more to the history of the watch!  
I didn't know that! Thank you!
Shrapnel wounds to the limbs that weren't life threatening thankfully, he received a purple heart for it and recovered fully!
Good, Glad to know he wasn't hurt too bad. Awesome story. My Dad is a Vietnam Era vet but he was stateside the whole time in USAF
So he hid it in the one place he knew he could hide something. His ass. Five long years, he wore this watch up his ass.
So he hid it in the one place he knew he could hid something. His ass. Five long years, he wore this watch up his ass. Then when he died of dysentery, he gave me the watch. I hid this uncomfortable hunk of metal up my ass for two years. Then, after seven years, I was sent home to my family. And now, little man, I give the watch to you.

That looks like the boundary waters between Canada and the US.  Could be anywhere though.  I suggest the boundary lands though in between Canada and the US though.  So beautiful.
Is that a Tesla? Please if you find the time, post some more pics. I am immensely curious about the ownership experience of this car! 
I can see the signs already, DON'T REDDIT AND DRIVE. Ticket price 300$
When I bought a car recently, I made sure to buy the newest model I could get WITHOUT a giant screen in it. I may feel like a bit of a luddite, but riding in my friends' Priuses and other screen-y cars just annoys the shit out of me..I look at screens all day, and all night. Please, let my drive time be about simple automotive pleasure, and avoiding the crazies on my local highways.
Yup. That's a bad idea if I ever saw one. 
Whoa, I thought for sure that was shopped.  
The screens just to big imo, it vacuums all dignity from the interior
Three hours is the average time your eyes are off the road while redditing. When traveling at 55mph, that's enough time to cover the width of japan.
Anyone knows where i can get screenshot of a tesla dashboard?
No adblock?  A step backwards....
Here in Arizona, it . legal.  We have extremely harsh impaired and distracted driving laws.
I think certain things Id always prefer regular physical buttons. If its too hot, I just press ac, turn dial for fan speed, turn dial to blue for cold..But with a touch screen? Idk, is it going to be like, menu> climate control>  ok, how do I make the fan blow more? > now I'm on tire pressure monitoring? > no! > sytem shutting down? > fuck! no I don't want that

But remember, kids. "No using electronic devices while driving, as it could be distracting"...
with my luck i'd be on ., get in a wreck, make the news, shame my family, and ruin my afterlife all in the same evening.
I'VE BEEN SAYING THIS ALL ALONG!.Damn tablets in the front... 'Oh, let me just check my FB' car crash. There's a reason all the TVs in a car are in the BACK SEAT.

It looks like it should be illegal. WTF happened to all those designers they hired? 
My dad just bought a tesla. I don't have anything else to say I just wanted to brag. 
As a guy who lives in a 3rd world country, i think you just bought a alien ufo or something like that. My car don't even have buttons or screens.
Now show the above picture in the screen. 
I can safely say that this car will not come to Germany under the current laws.
Want one of them so bad. The tesla. 
Buttons, man. Cars need buttons. I can't keep my eyes on the road while feeling around on a touch screen, and a giant one at that. The little screen on the Chrysler 300 (that has almost all of the climate/radio/nav controls on it) is bad enough.
Tesla acknowledges that passengers will use the screen as well. Duhhhh world.  Thank you Elon
OP, go on a porn site and blast your speakers. Post reactions for karma without getting in an accident
Is that the Tesla?
 Guy's not even past the first episode.
You just posted this to brag about your car, didn't you? :)
I hate you OP. I hate you from the deepest depths of my soul.
It looks like you're not moving. Most of these type of in-dash displays turn a lot of their functions off until the car is in park, meaning that you can't enter an address for navigation while the car is in anything but park (unless you bypass it), and by that token, I'm assuming you can't browse the web when the car is actually moving either..Can OP confirm?
God, who the Hell thought a touchscreen was a good idea for an interface in a car?  You're supposed to be able to feel buttons to press them, not turn your whole attention, while driving, to the radio just to change the channel.  
Yeah it's a huge insult to that car to be playing awful techno in it like that. Definitely shouldn't be legal.
Chucks and Teslas 
No RES on there? Yep, should be illegal.
I have a Chevy Volt. I will never buy another car that isn't electric. 
That looks like the Tesla, I valeted one last week it was distracting to play with.
DAT DASH!
It took me way too damn long to find the converse shoe everyone is mentioning. I guess I was too entranced by the screens to think where a foot can usually be found on the driver's side.
THANK YOU.  If there is no physical knob or button, you . but to take your eyes off the road to adjust the thing you want to adjust. It's cool, but very impractical.

Teslas are beautiful things.
All I could think of is "how is he going to browse on that thing". I'm typing this from my phone. I'm not a smart person.
The absence of tactile controls scares me more than the web browser. 

Tesla model s. if you can afford it you should probably be smart enough to know when and when not to use it.
Sadly, OP was hospitalized when they crashed into a tree attempting to reply to this message.....

This is a beautiful car and you need to take care of it.
I'd buy a Tesla. If, there were service and charging stations in my area. I'm waiting for the model X to come out in 2014. Maybe 2017 I'll go for it. Pretty neat cars, you have to admit.

UGH!  I don't even have power steering! Much less cool Reddit on a screen! 
Correct me if I'm wrong but I think it can only be used when it is in park. When it is in drive it turns to the default display and Internet is not accessible. If not,  that's the way it should be. 
Model S, super jealous. 
I love teslas. The door handles go into the car when locked.. Ahhhh
DAE TESLA?!!!.I hope you wreck it while browsing spacedicks.

What's that song you have queued up?  Never heard of it.  
Just waiting for the first just crashed my car while posting a cat picture on reddit post.

I hope the speedometer is showing your current torrent download speed.

This reminds me of when mightycarmods installed an iPad in a 
I wonder what percentage of my life I will spend looking at some electronic screen.
WHAT VEHICLE IS THIS.I MUST HAVE IT
Outlaw Pharrell!  

Upvote for Daft Punk!
I would hate to try and adjust things while moving.  normally I change the climate controls and radio by feel.  I really don't like touchscreens in my car.

For a beautiful car like the Tesla, that interface design is fucking horrendous. 

dat energy consumption graph
As a senior in environmental engineering, this makes my pants happy.

That console is almost the same size as my TV :(
This is insane. People gonna die

that is an identical gear . to the Mercedes E350 

hot damn, that's the best quality pic of a shifter on a Mercedes E350 I've seen today!
Telsa . "borrow" parts from Mercedes Benz. ..
Indeed, today was a good day for quality pics of Mercedes E350 shifters. I will sleep soundly tonight.
10/10 - Would crash in to wall while surfing reddit
I'd crash just looking at the A/C & heater controls..With my buttons and dials I can do everything by feel. Relocating all that onto a touch screen with no tactile feedback is a step backwards if you ask me.
Mercedes is minority owner of Tesla so there's that. 

Actually, the steering column and a few other parts are straight from a Mercedes S class. Tesla provides some of its technology to Daimler, mother company of Mercedes Benz and SMART, to use in their cars. .Source: Tesla employee

Agreed. The current generation of automobiles are exceptionally dangerous and its hard to understand how they got safety approvals. You need to take eyes off the road to look at a screen in order to change the radio or adjust temperature. Things that need to be done on the fly while driving. How are having these screens in cars different then texting?? I hope this trend is reversed.

I don't know about you, but every car I've ever seen with that level of tech (pure touch screen) also has either voice control or steering wheel controls.
Yeah, from a design perspective it is pretty but the user experience is poor for operating a motor vehicle. I can function my entire radio, heater, etc controls on my car without even looking because there are physical knobs and buttons to let me know where my hand is. In this car I would be forced to take my eyes off the road to change anything. 
Car needs to be in park to use the internet..Music and GPS have already been used in cars, and already take your eyes off the road. So to counter, I believe GPS directions appear where the speedometer is, and music/phone has hands free access on the wheel.
As a Human Factors Engineering professional, I would have to agree. There is a reason car stereos have big ass knobs and buttons (tactile feedback), so you can take an action by feel alone. This will take the drivers eyes off the road and end up hurting/killing someone and the company will be sued for this really bad design. .Looks cool though.

In any car you have to if you want to check your speed and fuel.

but it's a quick glance to a dedicated gauge that never goes away.  The screens have different panes that have to be switched between in order to see and do things.  This applies more to things like changing the music or climate control as opposed to checking speed.  Not only is there more operations required, the operations require visual feedback which takes the drivers eyes off the road.  Cars that have buttons or knobs for radio, climate, etc. are best because you don't have to look.  

I don't think dashboard controls should be touch-screen. Like, AC, volume, cruise control, that sort of stuff should be physical buttons that you can control without getting your eyes off the road. .Putting everything on a touch-screen is just lazy engineering, it forces you to look at what you're touching, the same way that you have to look at your phone nowadays when you text. I used to be able to use T9 on my flip phone and text without looking at my phone because I could feel the buttons and remembered what every button and sequence does.
Even buttons are poor. My parents' car has flat buttons which you have to repeatedly push to turn the fan and temperature up and down, while looking at a little LCD display to see where you've set them. That's two things you need to take your eyes off the road for: finding the button in the first place, then working out what setting you're at..Two old-style knobs encapsulate all that functionality into something you don't need your eyes to either find or interpret.
I agree, it's lazy engineering AND lazy aesthetics, and it's unsafe. I hate touchscreen dashboards. Ditto on the T9 sentiment, in fact I just left a reply about it on another comment.

I don't know shit about Teslas but every car I have been in that has only screen controls also has voice commands.
I really agree with this. My car has a touchscreen and it drives me batshit crazy, especially because the buttons are on the bottom and sides, so if I have long nails it's hard to hit them (or I use my knuckle which doesn't always work)..But then again, poor me, I don't love the touch screen in my brand new car.

Well, they're cool as fuck, but you HAVE to admit that it's unsafe. People may argue "well don't use them in unsafe conditions", no, any time while the car is running and you're not parked in your driver is an unsafe condition. Lazy engineering, they're using one console and just program the functions into it rather than having a separate controller for each feature that should require a physical knob or button.
How's the porn during traffic jams?
A whole new meaning to the phrase "chugging along".

Faptastic.

I agree. Converse have no arch support. 

Best hacky sack shoe ever though.

Pretty decent for weightlifting as well.
And for passing out in.
I've never understood this.  Honest question, what makes one shoe better for lifting than another?.Before it's inevitably asked: yes, I even lift. Probably for 10+ years at this point.  Never felt the need for different shoes, but I've never been super serious about it either.
I don't lift much myself, but I think it has to do with the fact that the converse shoes don't have giant squishy soles that would make them unstable. It's a nice hard, flat surface that gives you good connection to the ground during heavy lifting.
Flat and hard sole, keeps you lower to the ground, and allows your ankles to move. Great for squats and deadlifts. You could also go barefoot. 

wait, cops will ticket you for having a tv mounted in your vehicle in view of the driver.... yet this is ok? 

IIRC, Land Rover has a Navi screen that when viewed from the drivers side looks like your standard navigation screen, but when viewed from the passenger side, you can watch a movie on it without the driver ever seeing it. It may be something akin to that, or it may not play videos at all.

I need a new car
I didn't notice that existed. That's very cool..Fuck yeah, engineering

Yes thank you!

I'm making an assumption here, but I don't think that is legal ... while driving.  My guess is that the car has to be in park to access those features..Source: that's how my satnav is, but it was super easy to hack allowing me to watch movies and drive if wanted.
What kind of car? I have a nav screen in my Armada and I would love to be able to have other options on the screen, mainly for my wife to manipulate when I drive.  It is annoying how it limits what menus you can access while driving.


Yes it is probably illegal to use it while driving. No, it is not locked while in motion. But god forbid we actually let people use their own brains to make decisions, right?

You must have a ton of faith in the brains of the people.
On the roads that other people drive on? Yes, god forbid that.
My brother had something like this installed in his car and it won't let you use it unless in park/e-brake on, which I think is bullshit because why can't your passenger use it while you drive?.Stupid to have a technical limitation to 'enforce' that law.  At least they can be rewired.
I wired a switch in my car and bypassed my parking brake sensor. The switch tells the tv that the car is in park without disturbing anything else electrical in the vehicle.

That doesn't help much when they kill some innocent person because they are on reddit while driving.
Now that's just crazy.
I don't want to put my life on the decisions of some spoiled brat who got a car with a mounted-tv who would rather watch it than drive. The good old, "I don't care, if I wreck this one, my parents will buy me another one", who doesn't realize he can kill people with that thing.
When you're traveling down the road at 80 miles per hour in a 2000 pound death trap, maybe we do need some fuckin' rules. Or at the very least we need to not . them to do really stupid shit..People as a whole do incredibly stupid shit. I would rather people keep their eyes on the road while driving. But no, people can't even be bothered to pull over to send a text and end up killing themselves and others rather than wait 10 minutes to send an unimportant message. I do not trust them one bit with screens that could play movies or access the internet while the car is in motion . of said idiots..If and when people prove that they CAN use their brains, that's when I'll agree with your statement.

I'm being picky here, but cars are more often 4000-6000 pound death traps these days.  Even a Nissan Leaf weighs more than 3300 lbs.

Mount your phone in a GPS holder on your windshield..Turn on Netflix..???.Crash.

It's an hour and a half drive between my college town and my hometown, but only two turns from campus to my hometown, and I used to watch mad men for a bit, but then I realized how dumb that is. 

[deleted]

Lol, yes incredibly.
yea you would lose track of the story and end up having to re watch it anyways
Tesla has said the Internet browsing only works while the car is in park. Meanwhile, there can be someone sitting in the passenger seat using the console while the driver is driving - maybe trying to find a place to eat later or directions? Why is this so hard to believe? Why does this need to be illegal?

I thought the same thing man..I put a Kenwood DNX-8120 in my car 5 years ago when i bought the vehicle. Seriously, i drove straight from the dealer lot to car toys to get it installed. Its freakin' sweet..However, the video was locked when car is not in park. Naturally, I went to my friends house and grounded the PBrake wire so that the thing thinks its always in park. That way i can watch Its always sunny or south park on my commute. It was the smartest thing i ever did...i thought..And then i tried it. ONCE. I will never ever try to watch a show and drive at the same time. I didn't get into an accident or anything, but the number of close calls in my short 20 minute commute was way way too high. I was too stressed out to watch the show and too concentrated on the show to drive. It was the worst of both worlds..I am guessing that is why its illegal. Although I believe that it shouldn't be illegal per se, i can definitely see why people would think it should. Kind of like seat belt laws.
Not true. Browsing works always.
I wonder why a . wasn't used to simply black-out all distracting content (videos, webbrowser, etc.) for the driver once the car is moving.

Now to wait until that's on TVs so people can quit screen peeking..Edit: Well, I guess there's no wait, since .. Thanks ..
'Split' a 3D capable screen into 2 separate images.  Each is the respective players' screen, and the glasses worn by each person are polarized/timed/filtered the same on both eyes, but opposite the other player..1 TV, full screen gaming for both players, no 'peeking'.  

My LG does it.
There's that . with a similar idea. Although it requires wearing glasses. 
jesus christ, thats cool
Jesus here. Yeah, it's not bad. It's not turning water-into-wine cool, but not bad.
Annoying for the person sitting in the middle-rear seat though.
Don't they have their own screens in the back?

Because there's shitloads of stupid people that will attempt to use this while driving and kill people..Texting while driving, for instance, is only specifically illegal because a bunch of people were and still are stupid enough to actually do that..On the other hand, trying to save people from their own or each other's stupidity through legislation doesn't usually work

Sure, that's why it's . illegal... but it was . because reckless driving was already illegal.
Simple solution: they already have a pressure sensor in the passenger seat to tell you to put on your seatbelt, lock out some of the screen functionality unless a passenger is detected. 


"It is only specifically illegal because a bunch of people were and still stupid enough to do that.".That's pretty much any law. 

I don't know, aren't most traffic laws saving people from their own stupidity?
Urban planners and traffic engineers know that road design has a much bigger impact on safety than traffic laws. Changing the posted speed limit, for example, basically makes no difference in how fast people drive, but narrowing the lanes has a significant effect.
Assuming they're actually followed. The idiots that would be using these center consoles while driving are the ones who ignore traffic laws anyway.

Most..Some, like the "move over" laws, red light cameras, and the artificially low highway speed limit, actually contribute to more accidents than they prevent.
I used to think that the stoplight cameras are only there to make money. But now that I am starting to drive, I realize that if you go at the speed limit, that if you brake when you see yellow, you can brake really hard and surprise the person behind you..Just kidding, if you're too close you know you're going to accelerate to not chance getting the ticket..What is worst about those cameras is that if you can't realize that the cars in front of you will stop because the stop light after yours also turns red, and traffic is moving slower, then you could become stuck in the middle of the road and get a ticket, even if you can't move forward. Yes, I know you aren't supposed to stop in the intersection, but sometimes it happens where you can't predict that.
heh we had a local politician running for premier and he brought up the stop light cameras and an example of a horrific accident where a guy ran a red light and killed 6 people in a minivan..he was spouting how we need more stop light cameras (somehow this would have been prevented???) Turns out the guy was having a brain aneurysm when he ran the light.

Move over laws aren't bad in theory.  Police do get hit on the side of the road.  Though, you are correct that requiring people to change lanes or slow down to 35mph in traffic is also dangerous.  

Move over laws?


What's your Karma per gallon on that badboy?
About 0, seeing as the Tesla Model S pretty much nailed the coffin on the Fisker Karma (their main competitor).
In another few hours it will probably be


Cannot divide by 0.

Karma per charge 
FTFY

Kind of looks like a Tesla. .I really like the console.

You're getting down voted because you were right, but unsure about it. Fuck you, right?
an MBGLK aint bad.
We don't like doubters 'round here.

Maybe also because s/he hasn't much to say and couldn't even be bothered to read the dozens of other comments that stated that it is in fact the console of a Tesla.
this was posted 6 hours ago though - sooner than lots were 
I didn't downvote but it might be because 50 other comments have stated what it is.
such is reddit

it is known. 

Make sure you put Daft Punk on there for maximum Reddit Circlejerking.
Ya they knew what thay were doing....Tesla,Daft Punk, Reddit all in one photo .... Hello karma train.

Recent discovery: Daft Punk's album cover is an homage to Lou Reed's Legendary Hearts (.).
Ha Discovery
is Reddit "into" daft punk now?

Daft Punk has been about as mainstream as you can get for a house group for like...a decade?

Longer than that.
from what I see, they're more into being the people who used to like them but thinks the newest album is overrated.
Which is balogna, their new album is a joyous occasion.
Uhm so like the average fan you meet?.Personally I think the direction they are going is the next logical step for them.
When that album came out there was this huge hype about it and then after it came out, silence. Then I listened to it and understood why. I like Get Lucky and Give Life Back To Music, but that's it from that album. Way too different for my liking. I listened to Alive 2007 in preparation of that album, so my ears were extremely confused when I finally listened to it. /mildrant


I don't understand why people always assume if a large group of people think the same thing, it can only be because they're buying into each others opinion.

Because that allows the complainer to pretend superiority.
Because its a studied natural human tenancy?
I dunno about you, but sometimes I have genuine feelings before I check in with my peers, only to find that my peers came to the same decision independently.

I apologise for saying this, but I believe you may have meant . as opposed to ..
I chose the first auto-correct trying to save time.  As punishment, I will leave it.  Thanks.
OP is a teacher of 9th graders. And he has a tesla. What.

You diggin?
Husband is a facebook engineer...might have something to do with it.
 :)

No kids and a good loan you could afford it.

and a spouse who also makes money maybe?
Then it would be even easier!
 

So fucking true.....sad but true. Yes, I have regrets. Not with my first marriage but my second and the baggage I inherited.
It's all downhill after the first one.  But don't worry, the 2nd is the worst.
I'm female, but yes my teacher salary did not pay for this car. It's the first time in my life I've had a better car than my students.

story time: how did you pay for the this car?.gift because you're an awesome teacher??  loving family???  awesome boyfriend/partner/spouse?

So... what did?

Husband works at facebook 
The husband's salary.
husband. 
Posted on gonewild and paid for the car in sweet, sweet karma.

All I got when I traded in my karma was a pencil topper and a Chinese finger trap. What gives?

She's the female-version of Walter White.
She's Nancy Botwin?

Or she did what my teacher wife did... Married a guy who works in technology and makes the -somewhat- bigger dollars... Not that I can afford a Tesla...
You are living my husband and I's dream. 

I'm glad someone said what I was thinking
Ah yes the humblebrag. 
250? what a peasant
Fixed.

Or bought $20k in Tesla stock last year, which tripled, and then bought the car with it =)
awesome.
meta.

I'm not a car person. Whenever my family members who are talk about the first car they ever "wanted" (Camaro, Corvette, Charger, etc) I never really got it. I want a Tesla. I get it now. I hope my jealously fuels you as you teach the youth of America.
Still planning on my electric Delorean.

Have you seen the Tesla X?.It has Falcon wing doors.
I'm not a car person either, but now I am. I figure the more people buy electric cars the more the price will eventually drop. Hope you get yours someday!

What number are you? I heard from a friend that Tesla's are like a special club and you're number is the car number you have. Is that true? 
I wonder if Tesla drivers do the 'jeep wave' when encountering other Teslas in the wild. 
They do the South Park smug THAAAAANKS to other hybrid/electric car owners.
Or like motorcycles on the road too.
That was a quick turnaround.

I think that was only for the Roadsters.
Because of a limited amount made
I don't even care what the car runs on, it could run on the tears of babies as long as I can have that awesome center console 
Touch screen center consoles are actually pretty annoying, IMO.  It's much easier to reach out and feel for the physical knobs and buttons while keeping your eyes on the road.

Eh, the centre console is my least favorite thing about the Tesla, it looks awful imo..I'll take a classic centre console with physical buttons over that cheap looking tablet mounted in the Tesla which will look like shit in a few years when digital design has changed. Hell it already looks like something out of 1995. 

You can probably mod a similar one yourself, provided that your car already has electronic climate control and whatnot. 
Mod it to run on baby tears? 
Car broke down again... Flag down some passers by. Excuse me, does your baby want this toy? Here you go little guy. Just kidding, fuck you. Whaaaahhh vroooom 
This just reminded me of the first person who asked me to give them a jump after I bought a Prius..I was on my way out to my car in the apartment complex and someone sees me and asks if I can give them a jump. I reply "It's all weird under there, I don't even think you can" (I now know you can and how, but years too late), she says back "It's ok, I know how. I'll show you if you just pull up". So, shit, I gotta see this. I pull up and pop the hood. we both stare at the engine for a few seconds before she says "Where tha fuck is the battery?" and I was "I don't know, that shits all Romulan to me". I talked her into just letting me call my AAA and tell them I was driving her car.

It's going to be interesting a few generations from now, when nobody uses "vroooom" to describe a car noise anymore.
i imagine it would be more like centuries. Even if all car companies stopped making gas engines today, car enthusiasts would still be buying and rebuilding for many years to come
that sounds like something from 
No more "Va va voom"? 

They'll probably keep using that sound alongside "ignition" to describe the button you push to start it.

It will turn into "hummmmmmmm"
zoooooom

"rolling" up a window. 
"Dialing" a phone.

Floppy disk icon to indicate saving a file.
I just thought about it a bit, and I guess you could still use "roll". Don't most cars use some sort of little motor that turns a gear that essentially "rolls" the window up? What I've been trying to do lately is find another word instead of "rewind". Any ideas??
Is still appropriate? My wife's 02 toyota had window cranks.
My 09 Hyundai has crank windows and no radio.  
You can get brand new cars/trucks with manual windows. 


I was listening to my morning radio show the other day, and one of the guys was a little mind blown over this. His sister-in-law has a car with window cranks. His kids (who are 8 and 6, I think) had never seen them before..These two little boys were searching frantically for a button while they sweated and panicked because they had .. They didn't understand how to roll the windows down!
my 2013 Wrangler has manual windows. When we had my girlfriend's 7 and 11 year old cousins, it took them quite a bit to figure out how to open the windows..hilarity ensued

My awesome spouse! He has always supported my career and all the nights I spend grading and helping students even though I could choose a different career that actually helps pay the bills.

Thanks for being a teacher because you want to be a teacher and not because your are stuck in the profession. I've had a few teachers who obviously didn't want to be a teachers and it came across in their teaching.
Man, I don't know why everyone's hating on you.  Teachers put up with a lot of shit, and I'm glad your husband's able to help give you what you actually deserve.
My wife's a teacher, she does way more work than I do and I make substantially more than her. I feel bad for her sometimes but it makes her happy.


There it is

I need to marry a rich man to help me pay my bills too :(
Male here. Me too!!!!  (My guy does ok actually though...hahaah.)

It's weird how we don't hear more males say they need to marry a rich woman...
I'm in my last year of med school and while I was on my surgery rotation  the surgeon and I were talking about cars. He's an old school 60 something jewish doctor, and when I mentioned that my boyfriend wanted me to buy him a Tesla he was just so tickled by the notion of . buying . a car. He just kept giggling to himself, like he was just so amused by the thought. Although to be fair his wife is a total social climbing gold digger, and all the female doctors he knows just marry other doctors who make as much or more than they do so I guess the concept is probably a bit strange to him. Lady breadwinners... the times they are a changin'. 

And people say men are the rational ones.
I say that on the regular.  

I do, but she has to be young, fit, attractive, GSoH, happy to do all the cooking and cleaning as well as holding down an insanely well-paying career, possibly as a supermodel or movie star..In return, I can offer autism, morbid obesity, a growing bald patch, boredom, misery and destitution. Oh, and farting..It's odd, but I just can't seem to find the right woman. They seem to all have unrealistic expectations.
You are rich in humor :)
Male here, I'd like to marry a rich woman. 

Get in line, buddy
Don't call me buddy, champ. 

I say this quite regularly.  As do many of my friends.  Admittedly people who don't know us well often assume we are kidding when we say it...
I know plenty of guys with this sentiment. They're always "joking" exactly like I'm "joking" when I say I would marry a man for money.
The street term is Sugar Mamma.
Yes, but would you . for one?
Probably not, I do fairly well for myself.  But I will never be wealthy unless I marry rich.  And who doesn't want a yacht?

Get a makeover. Its easier when youre attractive.

Is it that easy? I have 0 experience.
Every girl has her strengths. A makeover can help you find what's good on the outside. People will tell you appearances mean nothing. Sure, it has nothing to do with "can I make a new friend?", but it has everything to do with "do I want to mate with that?". People who say they weren't first attracted to their mate, based on appearance, are either equally as ugly as their mate, or lying.  .Find your strengths.  


Grab a sword,.Find a slime,.Min/max up,.Its grinding time!
Ice King gives bonus exp.
Metal slimes bro. You aint gonna bag a rich dude killing them greenies.

Are you a woman? This helps.

"I'm driving around in my car listening to Daft Punk and browsing Reddit, hoping to get lucky.  AMA"





THEY SAID NO TEXTING.  NOBODY SAID NO REDDITING.
This is pretty much the exact reasoning you can use to not have to deal with a texting ticket. I have a police officer for a friend who says the no texting and driving laws are absurd, because they only out-line that you cannot text. If your state does not enforce a hands free rule. You can tell the officer you are sending an e-mail instead of texting and they can't do anything.


Can...can I watch porn on it?
Finally, the REAL question everyone wants to know.
Yes. And if it doesn't support flash you can visit /r nsfw_gif for the next best thing. Also make sure when your paying toll and in a drive thru. Don't forget to zipity

I guess that depends if the Tesla browser(?) supports flash.  
or HTML5
Many sites have mobile HTML5 versions....

or html5

Regardless, you can watch old school picture porn.  

You could also print out jpgs and glue them to your dashboard. 
Yeah, but the only printers at my office that can keep up with my appetite for new material are the big laser jets in the mail room. I enjoyed Sexual Harassment Panda's South Park episode, but not enough to want meet him in person, thank you.  .Ninja Edit: And I'll be damned if I'm going to pay the exorbitant costs for the ink at home!

Yeah, "glue"
now we need hands-free reddit
Kinect
Google Glass is coming. 
That innovation is sure to come out of . 

and a heads up display windshield/monitor

Technically you can on android mobile phone. Android phones can read out everything on the device if you wanted.

there is already a google glass app that puts your model s display info in glass. Hands free and sorta eye free redditing.
Siri, post a funny cat pun on Reddit.
We're halfway there; reddit's been 1-handed for years.
Its silly that the devices connected to the console of the car are okay to interact with while driving, but if you look at the GPS on your phone or change music you get a ticket and points off of your licence. I drive a car with an interactive console and it is more distracting than the damn phone!.edit: NY State Driver

Blame your local laws for being inconsistent. You shouldn't be doing any of it while driving regardless of legality.

I already reddit with my penis.

Funnily enough, I tried redditting on my phone with my penis, and it worked! It was difficult clicking links with the tip without a boner though.

Amateur. Balls-deep redditing is the latest thing.

Pleb! I am currently redditing with my prostate.
B-But....I have a vagina. :(
Even better.
Clearly fake. Nobody reddits without a boner.
Especially not girls.



God I love this website 

Risky click.

Hoverzoom is your friend.



I knew some sick motherfucker was going to make a gif of this eventually...

_

Why are there orange dots all over his face? _

Someone upvoted all over his face clearly.

The real answer is that gifs use color tables. A gif image can only have 256 distinct colors. Whoever added the arrow did a poor job with compression, and some of the pixels in his face had their color removed, and replaced with the closest available in the image, which was the orange.

able to afford a Tesla.yet still wear converses .do you feel that OP? Thats my jealousy and it is pure 
Converses are still amazing despite how much money you have.
source: lots of rich friends

Classic Jean
Probably at one of the showrooms. I just went to one last night at the mall - yes, the MALL - near my home.


Even rich people need a pair of sneakers. Converses are pretty versatile for casual styles.

Converse makes a good shoe?
Actually, Converse makes pretty bad shoes. Things are terribad for your feet. They cool as hell, but they damn bad for yo feet.

Converse have timeless style
Nice try, Will Smith.
Converse have Time Lord style.FTFY
That's dumb. Its like saying, "Able to afford a Tesla and still drinks Coke." Converses are universal. They are not a poor/rich thing.
How much do they cost in the US (assuming that's where you live)? Here in Sweden they are actually quite expensive (for my cheap taste). Around $100.


The implication is that they are a young/old thing (i.e. you don't see a lot of fiftysomethings wearing them). So OP is young and rich. The fucker.

I'm pretty sure he means that he's both rich enough to afford a Tesla and young enough to wear Converse. You don't see many older folk wearing them. 

Lies! David Bowie wears them! 
I do. All the time. Converse have been around for almost 100 years. Why on earth would anyone think only twenty-nothings would wear them? Your grandmother wore them! 

Did you know my grandma? 
My grandmother also used a pacifier, but she was young. Just because past generations wore converse doesn't mean it is common to see older people wearing them. 
Wore. As in, no longer in her old age. Probably when she was still considered young.
I realize, but the style specifically seen in the photo is most prevalent among younger folk these days. Sure, older people can still wear them if they want to, but it's not nearly as common. 

I can't wait to get rich so I can drink truffle oil all the time instead of plebeian drinks like tea and soda.

Gold-infused truffle oil.

I had never looked the price up and thought they were over 100k. 58k is a lot of money but anyone with a half decent job could easily afford one if that's what they wanted to spend their money on.  
Your also put on a waiting list if you really want one as well.

I feel like I have more than a half decent job, and that's more than my annual salary before you start adding in interest. :(
That's because reddit is loaded with kids who haven't ever been in the real world, and who think $58k on a car is nothing..There are people for whom it is nothing.  But for every one of them, there are 250 other people who will never, ever even consider such a thing..But here on the internet, everybody's a brilliant millionaire that went to Harvard for a STEM degree...and nobody lies.

That price includes time you save at the gas station. They literally compute the time you save at the rate your time is worth to you and remove it from the price of the car. If your time was worth 1000 an hour, it'd be even cheaper. They also calculate the amount you pay monthly for gas and deduct it from the total price if the car to give you a "true cost to own". A little marketing spin.

If you're charging out at $1000/hr, the gas savings is hardly the selling point
I don't know where you are getting the 58k price. . to the prices. 
The sedan has seating up to 7 too? Neato!

I believe they have gone up in price, at one point they were in the 50k range
Correct - a year ago you could reserve a 40kwh (160 mile range) battery Model S for $49,500 after Fed rebate of $7500. However, less than 4% of orders were for that model, so they discontinued it (but delivered existing orders to some very lucky customers who got a deal).
Rear facing seats, too. Kids love rear facing seats. 

I remember being in one of the rear facing seats on a group trip once. I spent two hours making faces at the cars behind us and doing other things to mess with the heads of the people driving them..That was actually kind of entertaining.

I might be wrong about this, but since it is an EV I think you get additional tax credits that end up bringing the price down more.
Nice try fire nation! Someone warn Ba Sing Se quick!
That guy must have an exciting boring job.
End result: 
"A concrete wall is poured to being in excavation.".
"Nothing about this small."  .What is this, EnglishRussia?
Why do the Americans need to buy equipment like this from Japan?.You people bitch about good paying jobs in your country, but you can't cobble together a tunnel borer using US workers.
This topic is boring.
The one they used on the chunnel?
Actually, the machines used to dig the chunnel are still under the sea floor and those machines were only 27.4 feet in diameter. Before this machine's commissioning, a machine that was used for a hydroelectric project at Niagara Falls was the largest at 47.4 feet in diameter.
 is another one I wanted to add of SOME of the back up decks carrying the auxiliary equipment that runs the machine.
Dammit! I wanted to use that one... was so perfect
You'd think Jenny McCarthy would be driving something nicer.
Suburban mother learns one weird trick to get attention when before she had too much time on her hands.
The etc. is what scares me.
Is she parked illegally? Call a tow truck. :)
When I was in high school I met a mother like this. She also had tons of bumper stickers on the back of her car. She was a family friend that I had never met before until we ran into them in a parking lot one day. While my father spoke with her husband she, completely without prompting, ranted about the dangers of vaccines to me (It was like "Hello, nice to meet you, vaccines cause autism!" - not exactly, but you get the point, it was out of nowhere). I knew absolutely nothing about the "controversy" at the time, and just nodded my head and listened to her go on and on. I didn't try to challenge her because I didn't know anything about it, but I'm a naturally curious person so I stupidly tried to ask her a question early in the conversation. I don't even remember what I asked, but I know I meant it innocently, and I know she never answered my question. Instead she attacked me for not caring about children and being brainwashed by doctors. It was such a weird incident and I was so happy when my dad said goodbye and I escaped. My dad told me later that her husband was some big-shot lawyer and they were suing over the "vaccine-caused-autism." .It wasn't until years after that, when I was taking college science classes that mentioned vaccines that I remembered the incident and could really appreciate how crazy it was. Side note, the class that it was mentioned was run by a professor who also believed vaccines caused autism, and that inspired me to do some independent study on the subject.
Penn & Teller did a great episode of Bullshit on this subject.  I understand that they do take a side in their show, but man they make these anti vaccine people look crazy go nuts!  
well if we're being ridiculous here, how did they get a planet into a syringe?
Is she from Saturn?
If you saw your child horribly transform after receiving a vaccine, you may also feel the need to take action.  
....until you understood Statistics.  I'm not saying it would be any easier to digest.
Have kids, get them vaccinated to the fullest, and get back to me.
yeah your vaccine thing is as real as santa clause 
cause and effect are very difficult to corelate but don't let that stop you  .Edit: wrong word
If I ever have kids I don't plan on getting them vaccinated but not because I'm afraid of it giving them autism. They'll also have a thunderdome instead of a tree house. .It's gonna be awesome. 
She might as well be.
Its pseudoscience like this that causes so many problems. Far to many people babble on and on about things they have no idea about, which only serves to cause hysteria.  .Relevant: 
"Are you sure there aren't any vaccines in the air right now? Try not breathing for ten minutes, you will feel much better!"
Yup. They're all doing just fine and non-measlesey.
To be fair, one of my best friends was died as a result of a flu shot he received. But this was because it is cultivated in chicken eggs and he was allergic. His family never ended up making a big deal about flu vaccines.
But that would have been a gamma radiation burst, not a vaccine. 
DAE LE S[WEED]EN??????
Yes- amazing. 20 years for mass murder in that wacko country.
NO! Norway fucking suck. DON'T come here! Stay home if you don't want to freeze to death whilst being broke.
This is what I imagine modern-day Skyrim would like.
am I the only one who sees Chucky in the mountain?
I'm not a doctor, but I know CGI when I see it. 
I know Norway is beautiful, but can you not show us the same fricking picture every time I have to here about it.
thought this was just cause 2 for a second there
I heard someone got an award for this..--Slartibartfast?
Does anyone else notice a smiling face being supported by two hands on the mountainside? 
Last time this picture showed up in a post they said it was Germany. Just sayin
Doesn't matter the country, .It's like, 
 
I'm pining for the fiords
Sweden's a great place too! o__O
Damn!!  That must be the . mountain. 
Im norway right now in crusader kings 2.norway IS awesome
Try living there in February and let me know how amazing it is
I said creepy alien baby, but you win!
The US? I think you mean Moraine lake in Alberta, Canada...
I know, right? They should be executing the retarded like the US does! Fucking nords.
the dude who slaughtered all those folks in Norway was far from retarded.
does a topic need to be somehow related or connected to the US? urgh...
OP said Norway was amazing, thread is filled with people saying they are jealous of Norway..I'm pointing out beautiful scenery is in every country, I brought up the US because I figure most people here are from there.
but there are no houses in your pics.
TIL how Norwegian painter Edvard Munch got the idea for 
Is that... is that King Kong on the mountainside?
I'm wanting to travel and take some good photos, apart from a good camera will I need anything to take photos like this? Don't really want to pay for more than 1 lens.
i didn't know dr evil had a headquarters there.
Anyone else see this?

Awesome capture!! Care to share some specifics about the photo? Camera, Aperture, Shutter Speed?  
god flo-rida was so right when he wrote that song about Norway
Is there a creepy man on that mountain? Or it is just me?
Faaaaaaaaaaaake
Imagine that mountain fell over shit would be squished.
That mountain has a my little pony face on it. 
Looks like skyrim
I can't make myself not see a face in that rock wall... 
Haha, this is really funny for me. I have a photo of this exact location for the month of July in my calender. It actually caused me to do a double take as to whether or not I had opened this already. 
Wow, that sure is a lot of saturation...
VIKINGS!!!!!
Anyone else see the face with hands on face
Is Norway generally as nice as it appears in photos?
better. 
Fuck, I wanna go so bad. 
I'm sorry but this isn't Norway. This is clearly Skyrim.
I have a picture of that exact same town hanging right above my head... odd.
Ja vi elsker dette landet...
I have a 2'x3' print of that on my wall. I love it.
Norway is like skyrim...only irl
"that's a really cool shader" 
I thought without reading the title
Amazingly expensive.
New Desktop
Can't help but think about how that hamlet would fair if a good sized chunk of that rock were to fall into the water. 
Where is this place, would totally love to go there with the misses. (I.e. where in Norway) thanks
Lord of the Rings right there.
What's the wifi like there?
Can someone please show the slums of Norway? I am tired of people only posting the beautiful parts. Or am I to believe there are no slums or that this are the slums?
Im proud to live there. Such an awesome place
I envy you so much. I have to breathe in massive amounts of smog and deal with materialistic fake bitches here in LA. I much prefer friendly cute blondes than a plastic doped one. 
Does any one else see a monk w his head on his hand in the middle of the mountain????
Anyone else see an old lady with her hands on the sides of her face?
I think I see a mean Casper (ghost) right up in there, center left on that big ass triangle.
Where's the shed?
Metal as fuck.
God I know I wish we had fishies on our garage doors here in the United States.
Odin's beard, that's gorgeous.
Anyone else see a face in the mountain in the center? Looks and old man hunched over with his head resting in one hand reading a book.
Did anyone else notice the guy with his face in his hands on that mountain?
made it my desktop wallpaper and topped the list i just started of places to go.
Hey! I have this painting hanging in my hallway: 
anyone else see the bored mischief face in the mountain side?  Almost looks like he is laying down.  Feet up in the air behind him and face in his hands..TIL
I want to visit that town and smoke weed.
Who do I need to speak to about building myself a house on that small island in the middle?
I've never been keen on hights, or that much on rock climbing, but fuck me I want to give that slope a go
But it comes with a TERRIBLE CURSE...
I have been in a lot of european countries (around 20) and norway is by far the prettiest one i have ever been in. It's paradise

I wish I could Affjord to live there !!!!
Beautiful. Again and again. Aren't there ANY other beautiful places in Norway?  
Made a puzzle of this. The real picture is better
One day I hope you go there. Then you won't have to just rip images off google.
Anybody else see the guy's face in the mountain Side? 
How do they get basic infrastructure there - electricity, potable piped water, sewage infrastructure, gas stations? 
Wut! I've just returned from a Norwegian holiday, how could I have missed this... :(
Not sure if you are underestimating the size of Norway, or just a figure of speech.
As a Norwegian I concur. 
i see the grinch on the side of the mountain? i see his eyes, cloak, and his hand under his chin. 
See the old man looking down at the village?
Anyone else seeing a face in the mountains? 
Looks like a creepy alien baby.
My first instinct was to look down at your skill bar
Norway looks like modern Skyrim.
I bet that mountains name is ninety syllables long 
JUST
Nope, not this time. If it had been "Just Norway..." or something like that then you'd have grounds to complain.
This is a pic of the place that started by folder of pics of places I need to see. And Hjertoya.
the extreme hills biome is looking better and better
this is gorgeous! 
Does anyone else see Jar Jar Binks on the mountain side?
this could be a graph of how great a place it is.
anyone else see the face in the mountain?
There is a face on the side of that mountain. 
I wonder if theres a shed up on that mountain
I would live to visit there, but can't afjord it. 
you know what else is amazing? your ability to repost this and get away with it
Beautiful. I bet the winters there suck balls though!
Don't they have Trolls in Norway?
Yes we have, here is the documentary!
Exactly what I was referring to... ;)
OP: just booked 12 days of Norway Holiday :)
to my background you go!
Best Skyrim mod so far.
Pff, Skyrim is a Norway ripoff. Lawsuit ensured. 
No! New Zealand stole Lord of The Rings, let us have the Skyrim fans! 
I guess there is a reason I like being a nord with dual wielding war axes. 
Is it bad that I thought I was looking at a Minecraft render? Damn you r/Minecraft...
Weebl was WRONG!.You can't forget Norway! Not even for Kenya and its stupid Lions and Tigers!
We know.
And the city on the lake rest beneath the restless eye of Smaug, the king slayer..Edit: typo, link
Man just imagine if the whole world was like this. Like maybe just one major city a country for econonomic reasons, but other than than that its just a bunch of beautifula quaint villages dotting the lanscape, surrounded by rivers and mountains. I think the world would actually be peaceful.
the vikings where known for peace. 
Where were they known?
Vikingland I believe
My brother has a huge version of this photo framed above his mantle.
I don't know if he's ever been there though.
Another angle, for doubters: 
And now i know the face in the mountain is actually there...
We have stuff like this here in Thailand however they are surrounded by fishing barely floating fishing villages.  They are cool and all, but instead of keeping to their roots, most have evolved into tourist traps that have awful restaurants and gift shops you could find anywhere else.  I know the locals want to survive too, and I don't blame them, but it sucks to lose their actual culture.
I think you're lying, you're in middl earth and photoshopped in the buildings and stuff
You're wrong about Middle Earth, but right about photoshop. The pic is massively stretched vertically.
So peaceful, untill it turns to night and the trolls start wandering around.
Source: Trollhunter/Trolljgaren.
We agree..Source: I am a Norwegian
Everything I know about Norway I learned from watching Lillehammer on Netflix
Not buying it....
If you want to purchase it, you can do so from the actual artist ..
how can i get an english job there?!!
If you remove the mountain it looks like a small fishing outport in Newfoundland 
Amazingly fucking cold. It is amazingly not snowed under on that particular day in early August. By September, white out..No thanks. Not going to be suckered in by pics of the one sunny day in Norway. 

You should add the 'tilshift' effect to this picture. I think it would come out amazballs!
Looks EXACTLY like that at EPCOT.
I really want to go there.
where is this?
You really want to help those crazy Swedes, don't you, Doc?
Yowza, this is beautiful
There is Norway that is photoshopped either...
I believe the image has been stretched to make mountains taller and pointier.
This mountain has a face.
If I was an evil billionaire I'd build my lair right in that mountain, and carve my face on the front.
I heard life is hard there so people have to occasionally strike a pose on a Cadillac. 
The vibrant red houses complete the picture. 
Cmon, OP, . is a default sub now! 
If I had a soul to sell, this is where I'd sell it. 
Goal noted, thankyou!
Hvor i norge er dette?
Oh my gosh, Norway, it's like you're ..
It's funny, more often than not, when there's a photo from Norway on Reddit, it's from the same place: Lofoten. This is the third time I see a photo of the exact same spot  only from a different angle. 
I got to visit Norway on tour with my choir. Absolutely astounding, untouched beauty wherever you went. The people were awfully serious on the exterior but warned up quickly. 
Lofoten, Norway.
There is no way in hell you can't know this is a repost, OP. This comes up every month.
These Scandinavian countries look like paradise. 
Green with envy 
holy crap its like a game.
lofoten wall, norway... saved for a time when i can buy a ticket!
can not computer. where is the walmart?!
This picture is beautiful! I'm sure it doesn't capture the real beauty of this place though. 
Does anyone else see the face in the rock on the mountain?
The mountain is twice as high in the other pic...
Compare it to the height of the green hill in front of it and you'll see it's actually the same height..I intended to post this picture as proof that OP's was doctored, but I checked myself before I wrecked myself.
We've been over this the last 5 times this was posted, the pic is vertically stretched.
Check the windows on the building at 1760,760 in .. I measure them to be 56 * 17 pixels..The same windows in the building in . at 2530,1420 are 91*46 pixels. .The picture has been stretched 67%. Here's the ., and here it is ..
Why is it every month some asshole reposts the same vertically stretched shot of Lofoten like it's new? .Go home, OP.  You're a bundle of sticks.
Bundle of sticks! Clever.

There's Norway I'm buying it either.
Yeah, me neither. The asking price isn't Oslo as I had hoped it would be.
You couldn't a-fjord it anyway.
I AM FINNISHED WITH THIS 
As a photographer, I recognize this exact photo and know who took it.  Scanlan is the family that took this photo.  ..  More of their pics ..  
It's called... get ready for this... 
It's called.... get ready FOR THIS .... 
Check the windows on the building at 1760,760 in .. I measure them to be 56 * 17 pixels..The same windows in the building in . at 2530,1420 are 91*46 pixels. .The picture has been stretched 67%. Here's the ., and here it is ..
Again - look at the size of the green hill next to it. It isn't a photoshop. 
What do you mean by "size of the green hill"?.Look at the mountain in the submitted picture and the picture I stretched in Paint (so technically not a photoshop either), same steepness. .Measure the windows/mountains yourself and make a good case. "Perspective" does not increase window height by 67% when the angles are similar.
It's called....get ready for THIS .... sarcasm.
Cant you at least post the original picture that hasn't been stretched?  
Here's an image from a similar angle.
Reminds me of the title screen for The Secret of Monkey Island.

First thing that came to my mind!
Thought of the exact same image when I saw the thumbnail!
Somewhere in the Caribbean.
If this is real, then I have to visit this place. This looks beautiful. 
This is also a repost, but it doesn't matter because it's amazing. I just recall making A stupid comment on it last time.
Well, it's real, right enough. But you have to realise that this is the summer day. Not 'a' summer day; . summer day for that year. 
Even better, I prefer colder climates. 
I was there last fall and took .  (it's from a movie I'm working on)
EDIT: . is the aproximate location where we shot this in relation to OP's pic
Porno? 
Vikings with guns..Please go on...
How expensive is it?
Renting the camera will land you somewhere around $1000 per day and ~$500 per roll of film (11 minutes). I'm not sure about the developing costs of 35mm film.
If memory serves right, and if your friendly enough with the guy doing the work to squeeze you in a slot its around 50cents a foot. Given that 5 min is something like 400Ft @ 25 or 23.98 (don't quote me on this i don't actually know the amount of frames per foot).
But there is multiple baths and depending on the way you edit you may wish to tele-cine which is another added cost, all the raw footage, then edit it digitally and or analog, then tele-cine the analog again and then if you decide to also distro in film there is re-pojecting the analog edit back on to a fresh strip of film. Oh Om a little confused now, i used to work in the Archival end of this world a while ago and we used to discuss it there, worked with a lot of prints..One thing is for certain, Steinbecks are fucking louuud. 
Shooting the movie on film?
We've been shooting on the Red One, 5d and fs700. Wish we could shoot on film but it's just too expensive.
Not for sure why I thought it looked like film then. haha I have an FS700 as well. Handy camera.
the red one is so goddamn heavy. hope you're not the PA!

Sigh. This picture hit me so close to home. I wish I could fall in love with a European qt3.14. 
But I have labor skills.....That means they'll accept me, right? :(
Yeah, makes me wanna switch to one of those skilled vocations. 

Wow, that comment . rustled your jimmies.
We have Turks for that. 
fool
And you'll never land on the moon.
neither will you
This place is real.  It's called Lofoten Wall.  OP got the image from the photographer located ..  Norway is an amazing place with the most spectacular mountains.  . for example is another neat place too in Norway. Or ..  Norway is a BASE jumpers dream.
Nor way that place is real
Fuuuck i was hoping this wasn't it. I was in the Lofoten just about a month ago and... Didn't see (or jump off of) any of these things... 
Thoselast two places aren't in Lofoten, but further south in Norway. Lofoten is the most amazing place I've ever been, though. 
Can confirm, jumped on the Troltunga few days ago, it was breathtaking
Thank you for the links! Absolutely beautiful!
Wait - is this picture actually claiming that the USA is worse than Europe because there aren't enough white people being born?  I'm fine with the healthcare bit, the vacation bit, the probably-Swedish girl and the random bits of architecture, but less keen on the completely racist bit.
It's a 4chan picture, what else can we expect from those guys. .Also, I really don't understand why people are downvoting your anti-racism comment. 
I'm pretty sure it's insulting americans for being fat, racist, anti-socialist gun nuts.
The racist statement seems to becoming from the hypothetical European. Anyway it doesn't make sense being posted on this thread, we have incredible natural scenery, much more varied than any European country. 
There is no hypothetical European on that image, it's just a collection of things that supposedly make Europe preferable to America.  Personally, I live in the part of Europe that doesn't have Scandinavian women or adverts with nudity in them, or indeed any of the selected bits of pretty architecture.
It's shopped over the picture of Pisa. It's being attributed to the american.
Of course it is. Europe is for whites, and no one else. Why would ANYONE want niggers and muslims moving in to your country just to shit all over it.
Your mother must be so proud. 
Not really, I was raised pretty liberal. But mostly because she was poor, and you lulberals sure love your handouts.
Also, I can guarantee not a single one of you would ever choose to live in a black community. I can guarantee you have all witnessed blacks doing the crime in your area, or causing fights. It's 2013 people, open up your eyes. These apes are ruining the countries our ancestors worked hard to build; fought many years to preserve land for us. 

You should post this in 
You're forgetting that he's resting his head in his hands. 
cannot unsee
LE RAGE COMIC

Yet, it's in Reine, not Gudvangen.
Hey, at least this post is successful
I'm going to let you continue, but I just have to say that If real life was like Minecraft I would build an oversized castle right on top of that mountain.
Why is there a guy in the mountain?
I see the Grinch!
It looks like an anthropomorphic bear.
Seems like a face looking bored upon them sarcasticly saying "Facinating"
And also, a skull shape in the mountain on the far left, skull profile facing right
I see two. There's the "Scream" face where the sunlight is hitting the mountain face. .Then there's the troll with the large nose on the far right. He's asleep under his pointed cap. He's been asleep for so long now that his bushy eyebrows have turned all green. Same for his mustache and  beard, which frames the straight line that marks his mouth. 
Looks like the grinch to me
Smiling happily upon the people?  I see it too!!!
It's Dr.Evils' secret lair
I came to say the same, but it looks more like a Silverback facing the camera with his hands to the side of his face... thinking... probably about takin a poo.
T'is the manifestation of all . Norwegian! 
You sir get an upvote
It's a troll. Seriously.
That's why Norway needs more power lines.
Looks like The Scream to me
Edvard Munch is Norwegian.
Thank god I'm not the only one. I thought I was just seeing things again >.>
This is what I came here to freaking say it looks almost exactly like the scream maybe mirrored
This screams the scream.
Why would we want to be European? You realize that the US was created by people who were escaping Europe right? Why go back to the place that was so shitty that it caused one of the largest migrations of humans in history?.The US is #1 in many areas, and close to #1 in others..The US is the .The US is ranked as the .The US is tied for 3rd in the .. Only one European nation is higher than the US. .Americans are ., giving over twice as much of their income to charity as the next most generous nation.Americans have the . out of developed countries.The US .. (pg 42).The US dominates in academic performance. So not only does the US get more of its population into higher education, but the education we receive is the best in the world, and results in superior academic performance in all broad subject fields when ranked among world universities. .Americans are . in the world.The US is the foundation of the information age we live in. All of the . in the world are American:.Microsoft.Google.Cisco Systems.Apple.IBM.Intel.HP.Dell.The US space program. The US landed human beings on the moon when most countries didn't have the technology to build a vacuum cleaner. The US mapped the cosmos with the Hubble telescope and dated the universe, discovered water on the moon and Mars, surveyed the outer solar systems planets and their moons, currently has a probe exiting our solar system, the furthest and fasted object made by humans. Just recently the US landed the most advanced planetary rover in history with the intention of finding life, signs of life, or the potential to support life in the future on Mars. The US is clearly #1 in space exploration. .Meanwhile, Europeans have never even launched a human into orbit.
Yes, and that nation is Norway..HDI, by the way, is a metric that weighs nearly all of the factors you just mentioned..EDIT: Downvoted for presenting facts, eh? Might as well dig myself deeper:.Your sources are out of date, and you fail to dig deeper into their meaning. Here are several examples:.The source in your link is a report spanning 2004 - 2005, and the marker is "technological readiness." The data are derived from the . assembled by the World Economic Forum. Here's the . report, which shows the US's "technological readiness" at an average of 22. You can get a view of that information by country starting on page 490 of the report. Several European countries have outpaced the US..The majority of European nations have a much stronger social welfare net, which reduces much of the need for charitable giving in those countries. Additionally, the survey does not separate out the various types of charitable giving; in the US, we have many charities that exist to advance the arts and sciences, which often receive more direct tax support in many European nations. Hence, the use of charitable donations as a marker of prosperity is specious at best..The issue here is that many European nations build their education systems differently. In some countries, "high school" is the equivalent of introductory-level college, and vocational schools are more emphasized. .Your source here is out of date, for one. The value being measured is GDP per worker, which is not a globally-accepted standard. Rather, the most widely applied marker is GDP per hour worked, which paints a ._per_hour_worked).Yes, and the agency that did it is being de-funded into the ground, while other nations are developing far more robust programs..I could go on, but here's the tl;dr:
1) Many of your sources are out of date.
2) Some of your sources conflict with the same index presented in other, more recent sources.
3) Some of your factors of comparison are speciously-reasoned.
Yeah. Nothing to be proud of for you. Cause you did nothing of this. 
And what have you done for Europe?
Nothing, but there isn't anything patriotic about me. I love living in my country because that is where I grew up, my home. But there is no reason to be proud of something you haven't done. I'm proud of the good work I do every day, I'm proud of my skills and of my achievements, I'm proud of standing on my own feet, unlike other 21 year olds in my country. 
please cross post in 

How's that 1pt of Karma feel after writing that wall of text.
... and #1 in spying on everyone in the world..Having been to Norway, they have a much better quality of life. I wish I was norwegian.
Yeah it is easy to be like Norway when your population is small and the amount of oil you have is large. Nonetheless, Norway has accomplished quite a bit in the human rights department. And I certainly don't like USA spying on people, but Norway has not unlocked any secrets to how to run a successful country.
They also did this with their profits
Well, watch these two. .
. America isn't great. Arguably not even good. We sure used to be. .Facts: The US is . . . . . And as far as freedom goes, . . .US economy? No better. . . .
.
. 
. .Trade? Nope. . 
Its all about timing. None of them upvoters would check accuracy.
Very true.
How's that -4 points feel after writing what you thought was a witty comment?.This Reddit by the way, it's infected with mindless anti-American idiots. It's unlikely my post would be upvoted. Facts are inconvenient to the Reddit narrative, a large part of which is dedicated to perpetuating Europeans' HILARIOUSLY UNDESERVED sense of superiority over Americans. 
Its up to -11 now, and doesn't feel too bad since it was a legit question. Was just curious since you seem to put a ton of work into it.
Not debating the great accomplishments of the US, but some of those stats are pretty cherry picked. I can find as many damning points by cherry picking some other facts. The OP was clearly meant as a joke, so what's the point of going on this crusade? Just as European nations dominated much of the recent history of this planet, the US has dominated the post world war world, and that's fine. As a European I'm fine with that, it doesn't in any way diminish the accomplishments and history of our continent. Also as someone with some perspective, having lived in the US for 5 years and currently working at one of those companies you mentioned, I can honestly say that the difference between living in Europe and the US is less than you think. Much is in favor of the US, but just as much in favor of Europe, depending on how you look at things. Personally, I'll be moving back soon. I found that the downsides outweighed the upsides (slightly), and that my life will be better back home in the long run. Of all the expats I've known here, many do decide stay though, but it's less common among European friends than say, Indian or Chinese.
You know, the guy who designed Norway got an award for the fjords.
Yeah, what was his name again?
Way to go Slarti!!
I really hope he gets to finish those glaciers..*Fun fact: I finished the first one today and I'm already getting references to it EVERYWHERE
Lovely crinkly edges...
Shocking cock-up...the mice will be furious...
"The Restaurant at the End of the Universe" - Chapter 33.By Douglas Adams
[deleted]
There is a book i think you should read...
I think his goal is negative karma...and he is reaping in in plenty.
You are just an exceptionally shitty troll. Have an upvote; stay out of the sun. 
But his name isn't important...
He's one hoopy frood though.
I think he stole his ideas from Minecraft.
was it slartibartfast?
I told you it wasn't important...
that guy holding his face in his hands, carved in the mountain's rocks, is pretty well done if you ask me.
I totally see the alien from American Dad.
For fucks sakes, it's a reference from The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy.
came her to say!
Whoosh.
There is something about that in the original radio version right? I'm not entirely sure it's a complete whoosh. I know there is the Munch thing but there is also some mention of a large carved mammoth sculpture which is climbed whilst surrounded by flocks of bird people. There is something tickling my brain. It may just be one line from the broadcast.
This calls for a few household chemicals in the proper proportions.
So you're saying there's still hope for a Tremors 5?
Fucking love Kevin Bacon
It's playing tomorrow night at the Boardwalk I'm pretty sure..*edit- Oh wait, it's tonight.....
Kaiju
This movie was my childhood nemesis. I would always try watching it with my dad but it always ended up being too scary. When I finally finished the film I felt like a true man.
 
It took me much too long to figure out that was sand. Only mildly terrifying. It's late...
I honestly thought this was just a picture taken of some strange microscopic creature.

God damn it op don't even joke about that. 
snakeoid
I just got back from watching this movie... on a Santa Cruz beach.
Somebody better find the ass end.
The spice must flow.
And now I wanna watch them all. But Netflix only has the second and third movies. What the hell.
what the hell am i reading here
Am I right in thinking that that's a sculpting of a dharculus from D&D? It's a while since I played but . a picture of one I've nabbed from the inturwebz.
So those worms are back.... 
I knew my fear of stepping off concrete was rational!
Fuck! The kaiju are coming!
Crab people...crab people...taste like crab, talk like people.
If 5 year old me saw that while at the beach, I'd learn to walk on water 
Dad took us to see the original in theaters. So awesome. 
The beach is not a good place to release the kraken :c
I recently watch the wild west version of tremors... I am pleased with the persons name Big Horse Johnson.
Wrong movie. 
Great book though.
Should have made Stumpy.
Burt will always be the awesome uncle I never had. 
In all honest I don't want a 5th one, I loved the originals and the tv show though

This link made me remember the whole movie!
Upvote for Santa Cruz!
My favorite beach is Twin Lakes :D
Because it's the best one!
:).I miss Santa Cruz! Central texas doesn't even come close
Hmm. Texas to California and vice versa seems to be a popular trend in Santa Cruz. 
I never wanted to be in central texas, it's the US Army's fault.
Go call up Burt 
Just stay in his goddamn rec room.
Playing "we have tremors in the living room" is way more fun than "the floor is lava"-just for future reference. 
It's like a combination of the quiet game and the floor is lava.
You mention a place I lived, you get an up vote. 
Grew up there! Spent a really awesome 18 years there. My parents lived there since the 70s, I can only imagine what it was like then!
Greatest place in the world. 
which beach was it at? also from the greatest place in the world
Scotts Valley and Santa Cruz represent a weird, surreal time of my life. They were and will always be beautiful places, but I was in a toxic relationship while I was there. They were like the dreamy background setting to my bizarre life play.
It must have been the meth. 
Moved from Pleasure Point to DC a year ago. Can't wait to get back. 
Upvotes all around. 
Not anymore
Call Kevin Bacon. 
BACON!!
Bacon and double yolk eggs.
Yolk from the brown eggs?
He's at the ESPYs, we are so fucked.

Fantastic! Breakfast on legs.
GRABOIDS!
Assblasters!
GTF off the pogo stick!
God, I wish the third movie never happened.
God, I wish the third movie .FTFY
There was a prequel set in cowboy days, and a sequel series on SciFi that featured mutant monsters.
The prequel was actually quite enjoyable, IMO. The ending where they showed where Bassett's love for guns came from was nice X)
WAHT, WHERE!?!?!
It features the ancestor of Burt Gummer.  He uses a . to kill Graboids..It's a terrible movie, but one of those "so good it's bad" kind of flicks.

Tremors and Aftershocks are the only two that I really enjoy, the other two disasters are only seen to complete the series.
O.o thankyou
No capes!
Like a boss.
And in his head he kept saying:.Now! Go. Fly. Aaannnnndddd fly. Fly. Go. Now.  Okay for real this time. Fly. Juuuust fly....... Now. 
It's okay ladies, he's here to protect us. 
Mom:  How cute!.Dad: YOU'RE DENTING THE ROOF!

a woman riding a unicycle? pfff
Now look up cycle ball..If bike polo is like hockey, then cycle ball is like football/soccer. 
Beat me to it, have an upvote
Is that Notch?
why isnt that a fedora?... would be ultimate style
Fucking gypsies
A dying breed, yet a proud one.
HE'S ON FIRE!
If you visited the hospital later that day you would have seen at least two of them there with broken limbs.
Who would you rather have on your team? D&D guy or the woman...
White people....
You came to the wrong neighborhood.
And the fedora!
[deleted]
So...did he make it?
Fuckin' hipsters. .PS that looks mighty dangerous.
center right, Is that Notch?
The guy in the hat is an activist that likes Yu-Gi-Oh and is also a redditor
its a hot sport in puerto rico
Must be one hell of a workout.
That girl must be photoshopped in there.
What kind of fucking basketball are they using?  Is it from the 50's or something... God Damned hipsters
My university happens to be in a forest where many people mountain bike, and a select few people mountain unicycle.
Spot the redditor.
I can't envision a scenario where this has a happy ending.
I call 'shop.  If this were to happen in real life there would be way more than 1 fedora
Hope you took their lunch money
Seeing a bunch of attention-craving hipsters made your day?.Move to Brooklyn.
That's gotta be Portland. 
Hipster in their natural habitat
Has circlejerk shown up yet to comment on the fedora/neckbeard combo?
not one of them with a helmet??
buncha hippies
I wish I knew enough people who could do this with me.
Fucking hipsters with their hipster sport.
dat balance...
Vancouver has a Unicycle Hockey league..It's awkward, hilarious and awesome to watch, all at the same time.
badass!!!
Breaking news!  Man in fedora-style hat gets within mere feet of a woman. Redditors everywhere rejoice.
Hey look, it's a fat neckbeard in a fedora... Outside?
Do they dribble?
final score: 4-2
That is really the best way to play that sport.
What's even better is flaming puck hockey. 

Fluoro Woody
that's a good way to blow out one of your testicles
which reminds me the unicycle donkey basketball game is friday. those fucking peta nutjobs will be picketing out front, but if you hit them at like 65 MPH, they wont get stuck under your car. BYOD
No fundamentals. Nobody's even . to box out for the rebound!
they all look dead serious..perhaps a circus troupe trying to get some practice?
Lets play "spot the redditor"
One of the coolest things at Eeyore's Birthday in Austin, Texas is the unicycle football game. The most impressive part is probably the kick offs/field goals while on the unicycle.
Am I wrong for wanting to think hers doesn't have a seat on it?
So how long did you watch, hoping one of them would fall?
Imagine ball rolling to the grass only every minute, people climbing down from their uni.cycles, getting the ball, climbing back
Here in San Marcos, TX, we have the .. Pretty popular.
Hybrid sports are awesome
Girls in neon clothes are almost always hot.
Neck beard! Represent!.Nice hat.
Sometimes Craigslist is a beautiful thing.
Reddit meetup at the park? 
He's the guy with the awesome beard
neckbeard with fedora on a unicycle? check
Totally just came to mind "BLATHERING BLATHERSKITE!!!"
When I saw a thumbnail of unicycles, I knew a fedora would be involved. 
And I thought traveling calls in the NBA were subjective
Nobody ever wins at Hipsterball, because nobody will admit that they don't know the rules.
Worst. Murderball. Ever.
That dude actually has a neck beard and a fedora... It's like somehow he doesn't know... 

In Sweden there is a new sport that has been start by some students at one of the largest universities where you ride unicycles and play floorball.
I have bad coordination to play basketball normally, and I'm prone to falling off bicycles normally. This sport would kill me. 
Number 20 is a hairy mofo
So Reddit has a basketball team. Good for them.
No children for you! Ouch.
So it's one of those Incredibly Fit vs. Couch Slackers match ups.
I can't even play basketball, let alone ride a unicycle. 
This is actually very popular in Japan
Holy crap the slightly stocky guy must actually be in excellent shape to be doing that.
Meadow Park right? I've played many basketball games there :)
If anyone is curious, the forums over at . are truly a great place.
I once rode an unicycle on a soccer field and made it to the end of the field and when i got there the goaly kicked the ball and it hit me on the head making me score and go un concious.... Just saying 
you should check out 
That's the most hipster thing I have ever seen.
Hipster basketball? 
Hipster Achievement unlocked.
The next entry in the hipster Olympics.
this picture loaded slowly. so i was like "how was this weird?" Then it fully loaded and I was satisfied. 
hipster level: unicycle basketball
EXTREME!!
Look at those fucking hipsters. 
Damned hipsters with their novelty and fun.  Why can't they just conform to my expectations?
That looks like one tired bunch of people. 
Middle class hipsters, oblivious to the world.
I really thought that the ball was on fire. Color blind problems.
Portland?
Fucking hipsters and their unicycles
The way the camera captured the ball made a cool pattern.
Frisbee golf is played almost everyday in a park a block away. It makes me happy to see people out having fun. It's also one of the few parks that allow dogs off leash for training purposes only. Makes me smile too to see dogs responding to hand signals to go right, go left, etc...
Stop encouraging those people. 
pretentious-ball.  i like it.  
What a ridiculous sport. That said, this is perhaps the only sport I can imagine myself actually watching.
Here we see the mating habits of the lesser known 'unibikarius retardiato hipsterius'.
Relevant username! If you lived anywhere near Cache Valley, UT, I would totally take you up on a game!
Nope. Stuck in illinois :( At least it's flat here I guess.
Better than being anti-social rapists and violent criminals.
I watched for about 10 minutes and, surprisingly, none of them fell even once. I was pretty damned impressed. 
ha I used to play myself, came here hoping some one had mentioned it.
A welder friend of mine used to play for the Hot Dogs. Those guys had a lot of fun doing it.
I'm down!
She doesn't even need the seat. 
Nope. It's San Luis Obispo. I promise.
I don't think so. They all seemed to be very good at riding their unicycles, and from what I understand they do this fairly regularly.
Friggin' hipsters man.

My mom always said, "this will only end in tears"
I was trying to start a unicycle quiddich league in my hometown...kinda hard when you don't even have enough unicyclists for chasers let alone a full team :(...Also helps that my unicycle is a nimbus (brandname).
YEAH! I have that exact Jersey, My alma Mater now, Go USF!
box out! box out!
Unicycle basketball is a thing!  Some of my parents' friends play on teams, as well as doing crazy mountain unicycling and really long-distance races and stuff.
Sweet USF jersey!
Us unicyclists preferred to not be ogled, we are just more awesome bikers. No more, no less.
Crossfit.
Inform the people! Seahorse polo will happen in 3 days!
They let women play now? We . come a long way.
That could not have ended well
Isn't that the guy from The Hangover?
Non-riders don't know the thrill of doing a huge bunnyhop and dunking the ball.
Notch!? 
These are the people telling me to stop playing video games and get outside.  
Unicycle Basketball: The sport where if you CAN play it, your already one of the top 10
Now that's talent!
I used to play uniball at the university. Crazy fun.
Step 1: buy a unicycle
Step 2: learn to play basketball on it
Step 3: ???????????
Step 4: Profit
The fedora guy is a . meme
Isn't that the Taco Bell chef lady?
I know the guy making the shot! He's half of the group . Really nice guy and great performer!
I would hope to see a flagrant foul
Reminds me of unicycle polo (Portlander here). Its a pretty normal thing to see if you go to certain areas.
It's always nice to see poor cripples getting out and having fun.
i need glasses. for a full 3 seconds i thought they were caber tossing
Oh white people, you so silly.
What is Notch doing exercising?! 
Nice SF throwback jersey. We (students at USF) were all given them during one of the basketball games! Cool unicycle too!
SOOOO RANDOM XD
What is the rule for travelling?
It hurts my gut just thinking about the core workout they're getting. I'm jealous.
This is a legitimate sport where I go to University. Except football instead of basketball. 
Where I live, a local invented "unicycle football". Same concept, only with football. Its full contact and its absolutely awesome. I'd share a link, but I'm on mobile. Just go on Youtube and search "unicycle football San Marcos Texas".
I bet this is in San Luis Obispo . and the guy shooting does an act downtown at farmers every week on the unicycle. Really weird stuff...
To your right ladies and gentlemen we have a pack of hipsters hipstering. 
Why... just why?
Also, here is another Unicycle Basketball Performance at Cal v. UCLA from the perspective of the player:.Part 1: .Part 2: 
My cousin was on Stanfords team
Can't be a unicycle party unless at least 25% are wearing fedoras.
You've-probably-never-heard-of-it-ball.
This is actually really awesome and a great picture
Fucking hoopsters
They're a perfect representation of all the sub-categories of Hipster.
This is how college quidditch should be played. probably result in fewer injuries.
Girl on a unicycle, nice!
I'd hafta say it's more comfy for us ladies to uni.  I mean, the most difficult part of teaching my male friends how to ride one was trying to tell them how to deal with their bits.  I dunno how that works! They gotta figure that part out on their own!
I've been riding for two years, and last year I "upgraded" to a thin seat for tricks and whatnot. It's pretty good, but ohhhhh man the chafing
Hmm... you don't see many girls who know how to unicycle. If I met one who could ride, I'd probably ask her out right then and there. It be especially cool if they rode street/trials
I have this urge now to arrange a basketball game with midgets on stilts.
Wow... so I actually work for the rightmost one. He doesn't hide his love of unicycle basketball. I'm overall very pleased by this photo.
Only the addition of a frisbee would make this more white
Because regular basketball is SOOOO mainstream. 
if the guy in the black hat isn't a redditor, i'll be very surprised

Hi!.
Did you know all you need to do is precede subs with the / ?.
Look! .  .I didn't even have to manually link it or anything like you did, plus it doesn't redirect me away from SSL!  Easier for you, less frustrating for everyone :-D
Upvote for not being a douche nozzle about it.  I assume you we're not sarcastic...
No, I genuinely wanted to check the sub out but it annoys me when I'm directed away from . as I have cookies,javascript disabled on non-SSL reddit for privacy's sake.  Allowing reddit to auto-link it is agnostic.
Funny thing is, I'm subbed to that, so I thought this post was on there. Gotta keep track of the subreddits...
Haha, I thought the same thing! ;] 
Those are some nice unis.
You know what? That's damn impressive. Props to those guys. 
I feel like this could be a functional way for people to actually play quidditch.
Guess the redditor.
That's fuckin' hard, my friends and I tried it once. Result, bruises.
Are they ballers trying to take their game to the next level or unicyclists who got tired of riding in circles?
Is that ball on fire?
Dude on the right bears a resemblance to 
I thought the same thing!
Rafael Nadal has taken his Wimbledon defeat pretty badly then...
I'VE SEEN THIS IN PERSON!!!! This is meadow park right? In San Luis Obispo
I think this is right down the street from my house! (Meadow Park SLO?)
Yup, sure is. Guess there's more SLO folks on Reddit than I realized, lol.
We're all around you.
slo bros
My balcony is above the public garden behind the ball field. I might have seen you take this, I noticed them playing out there. Reddit can always find you! 
This looks like it would be on a school chemistry textbook.
reminiscent of bike hockey, and man do i love playing bike hockey. i wanna give this a shot too, though i've never tried a unicycle before.
I've played hockey on my unicycle before, and I loved it! It's probably a lot easier on a unicycle, since you don't have handlebars to get in the way! If you could learn how to ride, than you would love it! 
White people. 
is.... is that notch?
What a bunch of goobers.
The important question.. did he make that shot?
No, no he didn't.
who tucks their jersey into their shorts? what a dweeb. 
Hipsters are getting fitter
its like the power rangers for unicycles
Is this in SLO? I see guys out in the park off Pacific and Nipomo UniBalling it up. 
Hottest chick on a unicycle ever.
I... I think I might be attracted to women on unicycles.
Falling off a unicycle is surprisingly graceful. You can feel yourself lose balance, so you take your feet off the pedals and grab the seat. Then bam, you're on your feet holding your unicycle. It's rarely a spectacle. 
aww man
Yup, as a fellow unicyclist, I can agree. Falling on one of these is a lot better than on a bike. You hardly ever hurt yourself.
Phew! I had a mini panic attack imaging brain injuries from falling off during a game. .Never take a class about brain injuries if you ever want to do anything fun ever again. 
FTFY
Fixed that for you. 
Their act is called . and number 20 was my college roommate. They're awesome! Check out their website with videos and more info: 
This needs to be much higher in the comments, this is near buried.
I mean no disrespect when I ask this but...did you guys go to clown college together? .What did he major in to become this type of performer?
Close. We went to ..
I'd watch this movie
It would be called "Uniball."
I'd watch the one about the black guy who isn't allowed to play this white man's basketball.
There's no rule that says a black guy can't play white man's basketball. If Air Bud taught me anything, it's that rulebooks never spell out obvious rules like that.
I was looking at this picture on my phone and my brain immediately ruined the picture with this.
You have a beautiful mind.
That has to be incredibly difficult.
Unicyclist since age eight, who also plays polo.
Like the other guys have said, it's reall not that difficult. Unicycle basketball is actually quite popular in the competitive unicycling world. Bouncing the ball is a little weird at first, but you get used to it.
Right? They look like they're in great shape.
What about .?
Mountain unicycling is the bomb. It's a great workout and it's a lot of fun hopping over logs and such. 
but what about downhill unicycle, i've seen a video and it was...impressive
They look like a bunch of oppressors! not a single PoC among them, and one even has a neckbeard and fedora.
Actually, as somebody who can unicycle and has played basketball doing it, it's actually not. Unicycling is pretty easy to learn actually (you can pick it up in a weak or two). Basketball on it is a little harder (you have to do a lot of tight turns, which a unicycle really isn't made for), but not too difficult.You just have to be really careful to make all your passes, because scooping up a bouncing basketball on a unicycle actually is somewhat difficult... 
I feel like you would have a rockin' set of abs.
Yup, as another fellow unicyclist, doing this is pretty easy. Once you learn how to ride, you don't even think that you're only above 1 wheel.
So, it's actually not difficult.  But it's marginally difficult?
Is it just me or does this game appear to be jocks (two people on the left) versus stereotypical unicycle riders (hippy and neckbeard on right)?
Yeah. Apparently I'm a bit late in seeing this pic but that contrast stuck me the most about this pic, and no one else seemed to be commenting about it..The stereotypical unicycle riders on the right do not raise any eyebrows..But I'm most surprised by the two on the left, who appear to be two suburban J. Crew people, not just riding unicycles but apparently experienced in it.
I'd assume each person in the pairs closest to each other are on opposite teams..Moving in a little pack is usually not that useful in basketball because passing is a thing.
I dont think you understand how defense works
It's just a humorous parallel.
You managed to say "Actually" 4 times in 4 sentences. That's actually impressive!
I stared at your photograph sequence for several minutes, concluded that your brain just inserts shark images 
That is not the answer I wanted to hear..edit: and give us some more of those Rolos!!
Yo, is that dude Notch?
Looks like kris humphries, notch, and mike miller plus the chick
Fedora wearer is actually redditor. Picture is a selfie.
I thought this too, I think we can confirm Mojang's next game after scrolls, Unicycle Basketball.
No it's not Notch, sadly.  His name is Mario.
They say 1 in every 4 people is a Redditor... 
It's not 25%.  Last I checked reddit had something about 70 million unique visitors a month.  That's 1% of the world population.

The World Famous Hipster Globetrotters
Still pretty damn impressive, but listening them talk about it afterwards in the coffee shop would make me want to blow my brains out.
Only the dude in the hat looks like he's using the unicycle as an affectation. .And that's just me judging hats.
What?
Yea, I was annoyed by hipsters before it was cool
Because anyone doing anything uncommon (and in this case, what looks like a lot of fun) is a hipster..That word is actually more overused than 'trolling', pretty impressive if it wasn't so depressing.
Simmer down man, unicycles are indeed a common hipster contraband item in modern stereotypes.
If it involves unicycle or a penny farthing, yes. 
I used it incorrectly before it was cool.  You probably wouldn't understand what I mean.
I was defending unique individuals before it was cool
They aren't unique. They are copying the same shit all the other hipsters are doing. 
Almost

How many fucking hipsters with unicycles downvoted me, be honest assholes.

This makes a really good point. 
this proves my theory that reddit would rather talk about men in fedoras than women in tight clothes
But women in tight cloths aren't hilarious to look at. 
What does reddit know more about?  Pretty athletic women or fedoras?
cats wearing ties
and puns.
In Portland?
I was gonna ask Portland or Austin. 
San Francisco, the original hipster paradise baby!
Thinking the same. Damn now I have to delete my last comment.
That was exactly my first reaction too....Apparently things are weird in CA too.
Bro, Northern and Central California are the O.G. weird. This kind of shit dates back to before the beatnik movement around here.
I live south of Portland and there's a family that hosts indoor unicycle hockey at a school gym. :)

No, SF is for hippies, not hipsters. 
had same question
You'd think, but no. Photo was taken in San Luis Obispo.
I knew it! I've seen them play before!
I know those guys! I used to juggle and unicycle with them.  The guy who is shooting is Mark, he does a show every Thrusday, or just about, at Farmers
These guys are from the same group of people.
Meadow park! I knew I recognized it!
I used to play Beach volleyball in the courts right next to them twice a week! Quite awesome to watch. Once the LARP club came out and had a fight with them on Unicycles.
Fuckin hipsters man
i live right by that park! drove by once when they were playing late at night once... never thought to take a picture
Where? 
Meadows Park
Meadow Park near the corner of South Street and Broad Street in San Luis Obispo, CA. They play there regularly. I believe they sometimes play at Emerson Park as well. Some of the unicyclists also show up at the beach and sometimes perform at our Farmer's Market.
CA! Thank you. Not everyone is going to know where "San Luis Obispo" is if they don't include the state. It's not the same as saying "Portland" or "Dallas."  
It's the happiest place on earth. Don't you watch oprah?
It starts with "San". That's normally a good bet that it's CA.
Yep, kinda like San Antonio, CA. 

In all fairness, there is Portland, ME and Portland, OR (and other Dallas/Portland wannabe towns)
True. But it's a safer assumption to what people mean when they say Portland or Dallas. Considering the large populations they have vs. a small town in CA. That's my point. 
Fun fact: There were two founders of the city of Portland OR, one was from Portland ME and the other was from Boston MA. Each wanted to name the new city after their home town, so they flipped a coin, and Portland won. 
I have to say I was pretty stoked to be able to say this made my day as well. Not to mention recognizing the park from my hometown.
Number 20 was my college roommate. Here is his website with videos: 
Did you go to clown college? 
Nah, I'm good, 
I drove by while they were practicing yesterday. If I knew they would reap such karma I would have stopped and took a picture.
I fucking knew it... That place is turning into white people heaven. 
Well, I'm white, and SLO is about as close to heaven as any place I've found, so I guess you're right about that...
Ha. Was just down there visiting my cousin and his wife. Big ups to the Cal Poly Biology department!
IN SAN LUIS OBISPO.
Is there a state, country, continent, or planet attached to this place? That's like telling people "Oh, I took this photo in Show Low." 


The basketball court at Meadows Park, 2333 Meadow St  San Luis Obispo, California, The United States of America, on the continent of North America, Planet Earth in the Milky Way Galaxy, located in The Universe. Hope that's thorough enough for you.
Wait which plane of existence is it on?
A simple CA would have told enough. 
Yes.
A simple Google would have told enough also...
A friend of mine goes to Cal Poly there, and he's on their Unicycle Basketball team! They're among the top in North America, I believe. 
There's a few groups up and down the coast.  I play with some buddies in Ventura, CA and the newspaper did a story. 
what is the rule for travelling?
I'm not sure what to say to that. 
I've never seen an issue with traveling, but a full rotation is about 2 steps.

and there are literally dozens of unicycle basketball players in North America!
We have a . in my town 
Awesome. You ever been to an .? This years one is in . We're running the ..
Proper use of the word 'literally' +5,000 points.
literally.
/litrl/
Adverb.Either way is right dude
Dozens, I say!
I didn't see you at the convention!
We've finally found a way to eliminate jumping from basketball, score one for white men.
You look at his hat and you mock and you mock..From his wide brimmed hat, to his tucked-in socks..But you'll realize that you'll have to pay up,.Because he can ride one wheel, and do one lay-up.
you can jump on a unicycle. Really well actually. Think of it like a Pogo stick.

Fuckin white people....edit: it's ok I'm white, I can talk about em like that...
Creepy ass cracka./white guy here
Fucking hipsters....(don't blame all whites)
fucking denver...
The two on the left seem more like fitness junkies than hipsters(From first judgement at least). The two on the right look like they're quite alternative, the hat, the bandana..Could we have an epic battle here of Hipster's Vs. Fitfreaks?
hipsters can be of color too, shitlord! check your hipster privilege.
being a hipster is not a privilege, its a disease.
You need to check your disease privileges.
No black man has ever ridden a unicycle.
I could have sworn Steve Urkel did at one point.
Black guy here. Can confirm.
He said black man.
I think maybe you missed the joke..edit:  apparently I'm the one missing a joke.
I made a joke of my own.
They do. 
God DAMMIT. At least we have swimming..

If that's not an honorary cracker, I don't know who is.
fucking bra
Urkel doesn't count.
Well played.
now that is a Nigster 
Hipster blacks don't count.
Fucking hipster.
one, one black man has ridden a unicycle

Dude, you got told.
Nice try that's a 
Is photographing unicyclists your hobby?
What type of camera did you use for this shot? Great picture!
Glad you like it! Took it with my Cannon T4i.
op is spitting hot fya!
Is that Magnitude?
pop pop!
First golf, now this.
I unicycle in boston, you'd be amazed at the people who come up to me, ask, then go off riding in perfect form. .THERE ARE UNICYCLE RIDERS AMONG YOU, YOU JUST DON"T KNOW IT!
That happens to me so much. Someone asks to ride my unicycle, acts like they cant, then manage to land a 720 Uni-Spin... Good grief...
oh, so . tesseracter
I used to do this when I was younger. I was really jacked and worked at a bar. A unicyclist would ride by and i'd ask to try. It really surprised people.
\_()_/

Obligatory "smooth gif loop" reply.

You'll never see more than 7 black men riding on unicycles. 
Damnit!  I think you're right... 
The director of that show is an asshole. "QUICK, MORE SHOTS OF WENDY CLAPPING AND SMILING. CUT BACK TO WENDY." 
case closed
Ah, a blerd.
I was thinking nergro
Perhaps a Blipster?
I dunno... The hat's not being worn as ironically as it could be, and there's a distinct lack of flannel... Of course, he is wearing tight pants. I have to submit, however, that he seems to be enjoying himself. There's a certain lack of smugness to his uni-cycling. 
Straight out of the "Black Men Riding Unicycles And Shrugging" folder.
Classic black guy.
Now let's make it a subreddit...

Shouldn't that be 'bmrAUc'? .Edit: Re-read. I am a wally. 
8 subscribers, 100 people currently there. 
I am more impressed by the fedora neckbeard guy finally leaving the house
Notch?
I thought that was Jonah Hill.
He didn't leave the house. He lives in that park. It's hard to tell who is a homeless bum and who is a hipster neckbeard.
BTW, you guys have NO idea how easy players in wheelchairs make their sport look. I played wheelchair basketball as part of raising awareness about disabilities and the struggles disabled people go through..Mind you that we all played basketball before and despite this, the final score after a full regulation game was a mere 2-0..I can't even imagine what its like on a unicycle!
Probably the only acceptable way to wear a fedora. That was my first thought at least. 
I didn't think One of Us would be interested in learning how to ride a unicycle, let alone play basketball.
That's not a fedora. Just sayin'.
You know how i know you are not a fedora wearer mocking another guy wearing a fedora? .Because that's not a fucking fedora!
You don't even know what a fedora is.
It looks like hes got friends too..Maybe he is the one?
I thought he was a hasidic jew?
It's really more of a cringe cap.
You're also jealous as fuck, wish we could all be that trendy.
In this moment, I am euphoric. Not because of any phony god's blessing. But because I am playing basketball on my unicycle.
There's a certain level of coolness that counteracts a fedora and neckbeard. You need a certain swagger that makes a look like that not make you look silly..I'm pretty sure playing basketball on a unicycle counts.
This comment's score: 2.Reason for score:.ClaudioRules's overall score: 2. ClaudioRules's overall rank: 65 ..
boy, this bot must love . 
That's Notch, show some respect.
He's cooler than people bullying him on the internet.
He isn't even wearing a fedora...
Also, isn't that a regular beard?
He's also not particularly fat.
If it was just him doing unicycle basketball, people would be making fun of him. Something like, "Oh, look at that wiener, he's such a stereotype, and so I . he's worse than me, which means that I'm better than him. So I know that I'm better than someone.".Also, that's not a fedora, so, really, you're doing exactly what I'm describing above. It's called a 'compulsion'.
I don't think that's a fedora, I'm pretty sure they have smaller brims. Not all hats are fedoras, you know.
its a Cunt-Hat regardless
On the internet lately all hats are fedoras. 
You sir are correct.  But please, don't interrupt all the people making fun of him.  
All hats are fedoras on reddit. What else would they use to mock people with?
I intend now to make a version of . except of hats.
Hey I have that potato shooting Glock!
You might want to get it registered. 
Every hat that isn't a ballcap or a cowboy hat is a fedora according to reddit.
It is actually a . What most people consider fedoras these days are in fact .. 
Oh good I have an excuse to wear a fed-  erm, a 'Trilby hat' now.  "A fedora?  No no, that's what Indiana Jones wears, this is a Trilby hat...a Trilby hat....fuck if I know but that's what it's called!...IT'S NOT A FUCKING FEDORA!"
Nah Trilby hats are dumb you should go with the 
Yeah, it's not a fedora. Not sure what kind of hat it is, but fedora have less brim and more peak at the top. 
Looks a lot closer to a stetson. General outdoorsy hat
But honestly, does it not being a fedora make wearing that hat any better than if he were wearing a fedora?  
Yes, because a hat is just a hat, it doesn't define someone as a person. Just because he's wearing a hat outdoors doesn't mean he's a shut-in, maybe he's trying to stay cool by having a shady area all around his head? It's the same reason people wear any hat for utility rather than fashion.
It's a sun hat. It's not really meant to be fashionable, it's utilitarian. 
Maybe he's shielding himself from the sun or something. I swear to god, if Reddit was any more judgmental...

He's riding a unicycle AND playing basketball. WHAT MORE DO YOU PEOPLE WANT?! .SUNGLASSES?! WE CAN DO SUNGLASSES. SUNGLASSES ARE A THING.
Buddy also matched his fucking sneakers with the rims of his unicycle. 
And he's in the same friends circle as the hot girl.  This guy is practically King Neckbeard.
Nah it was just pickup unicycle basketball in the park, I doubt any of these people know each other
Shit. I will need to idle & rock on my unicycle for hours sometimes before getting into a pick-up game by my house, there are so many people playing.
le broni king frienzdoni
It's a Fedora Xtreme now with extra brim for the ultimate Fedora Xperience.
It's a sport fedora
Spedora
Speedora
"C'mon Gus, Jessica will be there and she'll be wearing tight workout clothes."."Where are MY GOD DAMN SUNGLASSES!?!"
Looked back to see if one was a girl in tight workout clothes. Not disappointed.
how did you not see her the first time around?
I skim a lot of reddit content (except when i need to comment on a serious topic of course). After being at the beach today, i guess my subconscious kinda skipped eye candy, just took the picture as a whole of people unicycling basketball.
How was the beach?
Just beachy
Ahh, that'll happen.
Reddit Log 2013-07-17 3:13 PM EST:  After 6 hours of browsing . made me laugh out loud.  The office is on to me...
We all soo needed to know that. Could not have went upon my day without that tidbit of information. 
~facepalm~
We all know they did it because of Jessica.
Gus.
Short for Gustavo.
Classic Gus.
fuck you this shit isn't funny
I think your fedora might be a little too tight.
Take it easy Gus, c'mon.
If I owned a fedora I would kill myself, shave your neckbeard.

As if Gus has a chance vs. Ethan Hawke or Johnny Football-Hero
Was that a nada surf reference?
He's all right, those two seem like a cute couple.
Indeed it was.
Fuck is it sad that my first thought was that the chick is only there cuz she must be banging(and/or dating) the one shooting the ball.
Maybe she's there because she can also ride a unicycle? 
And she learned unicycle just for him?
Maybe they are playing 21
No. In all likelihood that is the case.
Yeah, everyone knows girls don't do things for fun on their own.
That's why I said "in all likelihood." It's possible that she's just a friend to those guys and is playing a friendly game of unicycle-basketball. However, it is much more likely that she is dating one of the other members of the group.
It's a 2v2 game, likely the BF would be on her team, and they would not likely be on the same side of the basket with both defenders on the opposite side.  My money is on Ethan Hawke as the BF, but if it's Gus he should totally chime in here and set us straight.  
Hi, Gus here. I'm totally banging that chick.
Not always. Sometimes SO's like to go against each other. :) 
Are you quite experienced in 2v2 unicycle basketball strategies? Because this all makes sense in standard bball, but with unicycles it really can be anyone's guess. 
Well she doesn't seem to be trying to defend the ball very well, so my guess is she was going back for the field goal but Johnny saw his chance and went for the goal when Gus missed his coverage.   You can kind of tell too because Gus is like "fuck!" and Ethan Hawk is thinking "fuck you Gus."  It's written all over their faces. 
Storing it up for the spank bank, like any good neckbeard. 
seriously what is redits hate with fedoras? i have half a dozen of them and get nothing but complements.  .edit: for those asking 
Many reasons, but the biggest one is that fedoras are pretty formal, and most people wearing those kinds of hats tend to pair them with casual clothing, which is very out of place.  A comparison would be wearing a tie with a t-shirt and shorts.  It doesn't fit, and it looks bad..Of course, fashion is subjective, and you can definitely get away with breaking rules.  If the fedora thing works for you, great!
Look at .'s post history. He's just a terrible troll.
I would say he's a prolific troll.
I think the difference is that you're not wearing half a dozen of them...
[deleted]
Look at .'s post history. He's just a terrible troll.
who gives a shit? so you downvote my funny comment? fuck you! i really wish that not so many redditors had asperger's syndrome. "but le rules say don't feed le troll!", shut the fuck up, bitch! rule numero uno, if a comment is good you give it a goddamn upvote, you stupid piece of shit!
Your comment wasn't neither funny or constructive, and unless you're a 45 year old guy from Connecticut ..
i didn't say the first comment you fucking asshole. wow, you're dumb..edit: P.S. it's "was neither" or just "wasn't". it's never, "wasn't neither". idiot.

The general consensus is that if you wear a fedora without a proper suit, you should be hit by a truck.
Oh, ferd.
Wow I want these in poster-form so bad.
Wow that's really awesome. There should be a subreddit of these kind of pictures.
Does anyone know where I can get the picture of the lion in a higher resolution? Reverse Image search didn't yield any results.
Can we make a subreddits for this?
This was for an ad, I believe.
Jiri Kolar Style! bet if you google this you'll find loads more like this!
This is not a bioshock post.

I love this so much.
*subreddit
Constants and... Variables...
MOAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Each and every time this woman tips one of you karma whoring bitches - I get a little tearful rereading it. 
It's wonderful how much you can impact the day of another person just by being kind.
Stories like this remind me that there are good people out there, despite the fact that the douchebags get all the headlines.
Why has OP suddenly started reposting? 
Original:
Dear Diary,.Today I saw the same old lady hand the same note to the same waiter for the two hundredth time. I hate OP..Sincerely,.Bill Murray
OP, I actually have to commend your faggoteering prowess.  That title is perfectly crafted to read like it was something you witnessed, prompting newer users to assume this to be OC.  However, you made sure to keep the details vague so that, when inevitably called out, you can save face and say you were just trying to share a cute story.  
Actually I thought the title was crafted to imply that it wasn't OP's (note the lack of I, My, Mine), but I knew someone was going to either assume it was OP's or assume OP wanted us to think it was theirs.  There is no indication of either of these, and your assumption led to you write "faggoteering".  Go soak your head.
Wow, you put into words a karmawhoring phenomenon that pisses me off a lot. Thanks.
I knew a guy named Randy McNally. That is my fun fact for the day.
"In fact, in Rand McNally, they wear hats on their feet, and hamburgers eat people."

Sir Shakesburgers the cat.
And another picture for .  yes!
My daughter thinks it looks like it's doing ribbon gymnastics.
I can't haz butterflies 
That cat is fabulous!
I like to singa...
Butterfly in the sky. I can go twice as high.
Michael Jackson's cat. 
HIHIIIIIEEE
"Frailty, thy name is butterfly!"
"I'm gonna live forever!  I'm gonna learn how to fly!"
Majestic as fuck.
This picture has MAJOR photoshop potential. Get to work, Reddit.
Username and post don't match up here..Edit: I should've known... Orangered...
THOSE. COLOURS. 
BEAUTIFUL..No, seriously. The picture looks like it could've been made in Alice in Wonderland or something.

Seriously, OP, what is your fucking life? Do you spend every waking minute on reddit?
I don't mean to be a stickler but this is clearly not NSFW porn
Great pic!
Bring it to the top, like I never never stop.
Its Levar Purrton

I admire your work.
He is still going up, and butterflies are pretty fast. Also Leo wasn't hard to find, should've etched him onto a butterfly wing :/
They can jump much higher, saw my cat jump 6 feet into the air once just to catch a bird. 

A butterfly, my kingdom for a butterfly!
Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him, Meowratio; a feline of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy feast...
He hath scratched me on the back a thousand times; and now, how abhorred in my imagination it is!  My hairball rims at it.  Here hung those whiskers that I have sniffed I know not how oft.  Where be your claws now?  Your squeaky mouse?  Your midnight yowls?  Your flashes of ignoring, that were wont to set the table on a roar?  Not one now, to mock your own fuzzy tail?  Quite cat-fallen?
Haha, its funny cuz Shakespeare. 
just a badly taken picture of a dog
That crazy bitch.
I sing that to my dog all the time! haha, have an upvote
It's impossible to read that title without singing it 
HEY LOOK! THIS GUYS GOT AN AIR CONDITIONER! 
Whoa simmer down there buddy.   Wait...did you say AIR CONDITIONER!?!?
Even the most beautiful women of the world will not release a picture unless it is polished to perfection. Not because they think they are ugly, but because women are held to such high standards. I think you are trying to brag about your girlfriend, but that's such a bad shot that I don't think she would appreciate some of the comments. Not all of us are desperate men, some of us have high standards and it would hurt your girlfriend to hear our criticism.
Ingenuity? Check! Hot girl? Check! Picture of a cat? eehh 50/50
2.5 out of 3!
Yep this post is gonna do good.
clothes make you feel hot. have her take them off and let's see if she feels cooler.
Those glasses don't work for her, just sayin'.
I most enthusiastically beg to differ. Although I must admit I've always had a thing for girls in glasses.
I'd whore my gf for karma too if I had one
He did, there's no and, if or btus about it
Oh i get it cuz british thermal units
Your inbox...


So it's not a repost, it's a recreation. Checks out. Move along.
OP is a liar, he didn't make sht
LIAR!!! This was on Pinterest!!!
I read this as "Jews" themed movie night..I was very confused.
Who tf eats a watermelon on a movie night?
Just stop after Jaws 3. . is just awful.

I like the very subtle 'shark bait' goldfish in the background
I read jews themed movie night and then clicked the link and was so confused by the picture. My aplogoies
That's not from Jaws that from Mario .......
Woo ha-ha!!
I was so confused after reading the title as Jews themed. Upvote for the shark though. Very classy.
I say, prove you did this op. im pretty sure ive seen this pic before
I read Jews themed movie night and thought you were an anti-Semite. Figured you intended the woman being eating to be Jewish. Then I saw the "a" instead of "i" and felt better. 
The part that got me is you are serving gold fish as snacks, lol. Well played
Looks like the Monster from Super Mario 46
damn dyslexia ... I read jew themed movie night. 

That's a shit load of goldfish..
Where did all these talented people came from? Now everyone can carve watermelons and create art.
SO MANY GOLDFISH
Those big BLACK eyes....
oh to have that kind of time on my hands again... when would I reddit if I did stuff like this?
Why does everyone do the same shit with watermelons?  Try a fucking hippo or something.
I see two arms, but where is the other leg? Unless she only had one?
Any time is the right time for 
Now I want a movie night with my mother. 
Nice leg.
My friends and I just had a shark theme movie night to watch Sharknado. And someone made a watermelon shark too! Except the eyes were made of grapes and all the gold fish was inside the shark mouth. 
x-post to 
I read the title as "Jews themed".
They should've just kept Steven Spielberg for all the sequals.
Sharkmelano!
No one fucks around on movie night at your house
"We're gonna need a bigger watermelon."

Put it on /r/ fuck you I'm a shark
That would also be appropriate for a Little Shop of Horrors viewing.
I hope there was Narragansett Lager in plentiful supply there too.
I knew I wouldn't be the first person.
I read "Jaws themed movie night" as "Jews themed movie night".
Then blow it up with fireworks! 
Like the true story.
When I first looked at that I thought it said "Jews themed movie night", I thought I was about to see something extremely racist.
I love the shark bait in the background!
I hope you sanitized that Barbie leg, my sister and I Use to do some nasty shit with her Barbies.
I read this, "a jews themed movie night" 
Me too
The body parts add a nice touch. Now there's proof though that Ken tried to hide it up. 
I hope you're doing ok with your brain injury. You keep truckin', little guy.
I read that as "Jews theme". The picture made much more sense after I read the comments. 
LOL that looks like the dinosaur from toy story 3 . should have a potato next to it XD
I thought for a second you were having a Jew themed movie night. Oi my glaaaases!
My main issue was the way they killed off Brody because Roy Scheider didn't want to come back for the fourth installment:."That shark killed your father!"."No, Mom, you know that he died of a heart attack."."You know he had that heart attack because the shark terrified him!".Cinematic glory, right there.
Damn. Is this what sober people do for fun?
le epic stoner.i post 2 trees.hardcoke releb.42  blazz its.LEGLIZE POTTT.I'm uniqae slowflak smokkin wweats .ENTS cuz lOTR is hella cool
Not gonna lie that's a really cool shark watermelon.
Big time repost. I saw this over a year ago.
Ask my mother. 
I carved this with my two bare hands 4 days ago. 
Cross my heart stick a needle in my eye..Ps thanks for the support fellow Redditor 
Sometimes people forget that two people can get the same idea without being influenced by each other..Unless the people who call repost can give me a link, I will believe in OP. Not guilty until proven otherwise.
Bonus feature: Sharknado?
watermelonado.

Well, my day is complete
Now THAT'S how you use a chainsaw!
Repost.Oh yea and op is a fag
Ask my mother. I carved this 4 days ago!.Ps thanks for the support fellow Redditor. Spreading gossip and all 
I thought it said Jew for a second
The little boy . in Marrakech, but I can't believe this is what his mom wanted the melon for.  Wasteful...
shark bait hoo ha ha!!
Came here looking for this. 
And Ken just swam off and left her..Ken's an asshole.
He really is. 
Exactly like the first Jaws! Drunk Ken stays on the beach b/c he's too drunk to get his pants off. Drunk Barbie gets eaten by a fucking shark.
Fuck Ken.
I root for the shark. Barbie be damned!
Classic Ken
Banff, Drumheller and Edmonton - that's all you need to visit to see everything in these photos.
Alberta is fucking majestic until it floods to shit.  
Beautiful.
It can be its own little paradise sometimes. 
I grew up in Northern Alberta but haven't lived there for 8 years. All these posts are making me really nostalgic. 
wow wow calgary to visit calgary especially during stampede giant fucking party 
All this fucking shit is fucking majestic as fuck
Not true at all!
Aw, I love seeing my province on here. :)
downside is that it's full of Albertans
That's the only time of year I DON'T like living in Calgary... besides the free breakfasts
All within a reasonable drive of each other as well. Not sure why Calgary is overlooked though. Maybe because we just got an abundance of flood.
All the photos were stolen by StealtheInternets. Appropriate. 
My buddy moved out to Alberta last year, he posts stuff like . all the time on Facebook, it's amazing! Going to visit in August, should be awesome.
I want to live there :(
Is this all Alberta? Or do I see a lot of British Columbia in there as well?
It's all Alberta, there's mountains here too you know. 
This is why so many producers come up here to film movies. So many natural landscape in such a close locale.... The mountain scenes in Inception and Bourne Legacy, Metropolis in the old Superman movies is Calgary, Unforgiven, Legends of the Fall, Brokeback Mountain etc etc.... I'm actually from BC but I love living in Calgary, it's beautiful and doesn't get nearly the props it should 
Because anyone who doesn't live in Calgary is not a fond of Calgary.
Source: Edmontonian 
I... I don't understand the difference.
I fuckin love this guy. He needs a volcano...can we give this man a volcano?!?
I see more of an Austin Power's villain. 


One Ping Only.
What's the difference?
Por qu no los dos?
So that's how they're sneaking Snowden out of Russia 
When i first saw this picture i thought that he looked a bit off. I still believe this is one of his doubles ;-)
I used to love him but damn if Vlad hasn't been breaking my heart lately...
I thought of the new DQ add when i read the title.  "trick question... Both answers are correct."
So that's how he's going to get Snowden out of the country.
It's James Cameron, looking for that damn bar!!
Yes. 
Is there a difference?
This is just a prototype.  The actual version fills with water and goes on land, so he can send his sharks to the homes of his enemies.
I've seen this so often lately wth.
I'd like to see more specs on the sub.
I'm pretty sure Putin would make an awesome Bond. 
Isn't it the same thing?
Anyone know what submarine that is?
Definitely should be in the next bond movie!
Yes.
Little column A, little column B.
Yes.
Is there really any difference?
So, we meet again, Mr. Bond.
Clearly that's Dr. Evil
Yes.
Dude is such a fucking badass!
This would make an amazing Trivial Pursuit style game. If I had more time I would try making some sample triva cards.
As if there's a difference...
he became president so he could eventually star in a Bond Movie.
Ah yes, the human rights violating vodka drinker.
What do you mean "or?"
ITT: "why not both?"
Both.
potatoes - potatoes (it comes off better verbally)
If they could get him in the next bond movie to be a villain, I would watch the shit out of that.
There's a difference?
Can't he be both?
Yes.
both?
Either way he's 6 feet under.
Why is this man not president of the world?
I'm sitting here patiently waiting for the reds to invade and with this man at helm I'm looking forward to it!
Mother Russia! 
or douchebag
Please help.
This was at Lough Erne (G8) ?
Same thing?
Or both!
Unimpressed Putin is unimpressed.
Before you open picture, open new tab . now open picture. 
"Being a creature of the sea bores me"
He's being Putin the water
"or"?
Por que no los dos.
We're all doomed
What's the difference?
Is this guy Jack Dee's brother?
He's practicing for the submarine in GTA V.
Classic Putin.
"It's a floor wax and a dessert topping."
Both.
The two options seem made to go hand in hand. Both. BOTH! 
A little of column A and a little of column B
I vote villain...
Yes
por que no los dos?!
Carla Bruni would make a great Bond girl.
 ! 
"Send the gays to jail!" Soooo both?
 Vs . almost looks like they were cut from the same cloth. 
is there a difference
then who is our James Bond?
The most corrupt president after Finland.
Repost. Fag. saw this on Photoshop battles will basically the same title. 
Just a regular villain for the most part :P
or Roose Bolton?
Everyone debates President or Bond Villain, and I'm just sitting here masturbating.   
What did this re post take three days?
Nah just a massive dickhead.

Russian president Bond villain. 
Yes. 
I have never seen Putin smile ONCE. If I was driving a submersible vehicle with a big-ass, dome-shaped, glass display I'd be grinning from ear to butt-fucking ear. This gangster? Hell no, it's almost like the KGB taught him how to not have fun as part of his training.
Por Que no los dos?
His expression just seems to read, "meh...I've seen better". 
GoPro! If you didn't see it you do now !
So I guess Putin is going to take Snowden to Brazil himself.
Or name of really good Canadian food?
would be an excellent submission to . 
Stealing more rings?
I always get the impression that he is compensating for something major.
You are kidding, but that's how people will remember him!.A real life otherwise little known prototype for one of Bond's villains in the Hollywood century.
Austin Powers Villain

lol good one. Made me chuckle. 

I heard the Bond theme song as soon as I opened the link.
Is there anything this man doesn't do? Apart from my taxes of course...
He . an ex KBG torturer..Although, you'd probably be hard pressed to find anyone in the Russian government who wasn't in the KGB.
Definitely a bond villain with a mustache: 
Why not both?
I vote for fascist tyrant.
It's clearly Doctor Evil.
The best part of the pic is his expression of complete indifference to the whole situation..Like a guy that would go down to the bottom of the ocean in a bubble-submarine, run out of compressed air and get stranded 3 miles deep, open the hatch and re-pressurize the tanks by just blowing really hard while strangling a kraken to death with its own tentacles, haul the sub to the surface by a lanyard clenched in his teeth with a perfectly executed backstroke, and get back in to stare blankly ahead and tweet "Took a boat ride.  Thinking tuna for lunch."
I think Le Chiffre was based on Putin.
I must admit, I immediately heard 007 muzak when I clicked.
Why not both? Why not Zoidberg?
He even patrols their borders...jesus  YOU WANT TO LEAVE RUSSIA>>>>>PUTIN SAY NOOOOO
I have a number of Russian co-workers.  I love to watch them squirm when I ask them about the bird video or the Superbowl ring.  Mr. Putin never disappoints.
Why did you think a big balloon would stop him? SHUT UP! That's why!
A little of column A, a little of column B.
Just headed to his underwater secret lair.  Nothing special.
Porque no lo dos?
He was in the KGB... guy is typecast
Yes
he looks photoshopped in lol
FREE PUSSY RIOT!!!
He'd make a great Bond villain, I would pay to see that
Russians must be more gullible than Americans. .Do they not see past this PR bullshit? Swimming with sharks, playing with tigers, all the endless most interesting man alive rip-offs?.Are Russians so damn desperate for a symbol of national pride that they ignore the obvious or are critics of Putin's BS campaign just afraid to speak up for fear they will be locked away like Pussy Riot?
Not even a smile. Nothing impresses the man... Not even sasquatch wearing a mankini while holding an AK47.
He always looks so fucking cool! I wish he was our president!
POOTER!
He's a fuckin gangster 

If we are going to have a 007 movie made up of politicians and world leaders, having . as Bond would be the greatest thing ever. 
Putin is a total nut but he makes me laugh.  
Or .?
mute right:

Nothing impresses Putin.
Tomato/Tomato. 
Or?
"I don't see why they have to be mutually exclusive".
-Dennis Duffy
PHOTOSHOP BATTLES THIS BITCH!
A lot of people go crazy when they see stuff like this about Putin. You guys realize this is literally propaganda, right? Like he has a whole team of people who photograph him doing cool stuff so .. 
I bet he has a secret under water base!
Looks like it's shaping up to be both, in light of recent news...
do do dooo doooooooo da doodoo. doodala doooo da da doooo. bum badum badum bum...
Putin could be doing the most amazing thing in the world and he'd still have that same look of general dissatisfaction on his face.
 (six seconds long)
Yes...
Yes
Putin is the final boss of earth
Either way, he's pretty badass. 
Por Que no los dos?
A little from Column A. .A little from Column B.
Or Bond?
Russian president, bond villain? Why not Zoidberg
Either way at least he has a shirt on.
Porque no los dos?
Shut up and take my money!  :)

Who says he isn't both?
Yes.
Gots to be both. Dude is too badass and gives zero fucks. 
Just a homophobic idiot.
Put a hole in his head and see if he comes back later in a sequel.
Same thing.
Why not both?
What's the difference? 

Why not both?
I'd actually like to see a glamorized movie version of Putin's former KGB days done up as if HE was Bond. It would be an anthropological flick that's as hilarious as The Gods Must Be Crazy, and probably just as thought provoking. 
They go hand in hand, don't they?
He is a very good looking man. 
If they ever get Snowden out of Russia, they should do it by submarine.
Other presidents have people to kill others, he kills them himself. 
That's not an "or" question.
You say that like there is a difference
These things are mutually exclusive now?
Ring thief 
You may not agree with the things he do, but you've got to admit he's got ..
True 
Great game show premise.
both?
God bless the Tsar! 
Is there a difference?
goldputin
Yes.
Truly the Ted Roosevelt of our time manliness-wise.
WHY NOT BOgoddammit people stop stealing my perfect comments before I can post.
Dr Evil and Number 2 #austinpowers 
Why not both..?
POR QUE NO LOS DOS?
I feel like those are the same thing.
There's a difference?
Yes
Frequently the same thing.
No Mr. Bond... I expect you to die!
Does he ever smile?
Por que no los dos?
Nice repost fuckhead.
Why not both?
He only smiles when one of his enemies is about to die.

No but seriously I would like to know what that is
This pedophile cunt again?


Is there anything there that doesn't have a dash cam?
 is the best I could find for you.
They're using soviet Cold War tech to simulate a smile.
We (Americans) don't have one.  He's British.
what does America get then? Superman?
No you get Bond when you ask nicely and in return we get full access should America occupy a tea producing country.
Jason Bourne

I was about too say when there was a topless protester, but that's more of an :O face.
  ?
I, too, always thought it was interchangeable. 
Clearly it's an inclusive or.


People keep making jokes and that's fine, but Russia is really shit because of this guy. Sure he is awesome, but he is turning into a megalomaniac dictator like Kadhaf and Assad. It seems power does corrupt and turn you into a Bond villain.
That's a lot of cool shit!
LOL. We do see through it and a lot of people mercilessly make fun of it too. It's still cool though. It's nice to finally have a leader that's always coherent, clear-headed, doesn't constantly make a fool of himself or miss international events because he is drunk. We went through all that with Yeltsin. The West loved that guy. He was their "pillar of democracy", even after he had the military shell the Russian parliament with tanks following a little disagreement - even after his brutal crack-down on Chechnya. .Putin is good at PR, among other things. It's part of his competency.

Now I just need to win the lottery
Or you could drop out of school and become a dropout billionaire.
 
Getting executed with a PPK while hearing "Johnson. Boris Johnson" might just be the most embarrassing way to die ever. 
Actually no one in Russia is in awe of his "bad-assness" as people on reddit seem to be. He's hardly ever discussed, he gets plenty of criticism. But for all his faults (and let's face it, in most counties you're picking the lesser of two evils when you vote, there is no perfect politician), he did keep the country together when it was on the verge of collapse. We'll see how things go but with all the corruption in post-USSR Russia, trust me things could have been A LOT worse.
He can smile now and then.. 
Such a dirty repost.  Saw this on r/newsporn
Test me
Porque no los dos?
gotta love a strong leader. his politics are crooked as fuck, but i love this guy!
Russian James Bond.
unamused wherever he goes.
I wish my president was as cool as Russia's president... .:(
He would send Fedor emelianenko clones to America. 
"I don't expect you to swim Mr Bond, I expect you to die."
When I see this I just hear the music, WHAAA WHAAA WHAA WHAA WHAA WHAAA WHAAAA
those 2 options definitely aren't mutually exclusive
fact: he wanted to fairly hunt sharks on their home turf
Russian problem? .. (.)
Russians don't smile like Americans do. I've known a few Russians and they are warm and caring people once they know you. Until then, it's Stoneface. And dashcams.

You just know he's looking towards the US thinking "And where is your submersible Mr. Obama?"
He could probably get the exact same model for free since the company that builds these luxury-submersibles is located in The Netherlands.
Has science gone too far?
Has science gone too far?
Porque no los dos?

Prussian Resident or Vond Billain?
New subreddit: ., where you post pics of people doing things with their faces blurred out and you've got to guess whether it's Putin or a Bond villain. 
Vond Billain is just an eccentric billionaire who likes to collect paintings, he has nothing to do with it.
I googled that name because I thought you were being serious..I'll go sit in a corner now.
Just a VERY successful mobster, nothing to see here.
Vladimir Bolton
Holy shit he really does look like bolton from the show..
Giving Roose Bolton a Russian accent would have been interesting.
The . Russian Leech Lord
One MIIIIiLLION rubles.
... is actually not that much. About $31k.
Putin has been accused of wanting to bring back the "good old days" of the Cold War so there is something of an argument to him being a Bond villain.
I would be so happy if that happened. You can't really have a good Clancy style technothriller when the enemy can barely shoot a weapon and has the literacy rate of 03% so they have no chance of learning much. 

I believe he said, "Anyone who doesn't regret the passing of the Soviet Union has no heart. Anyone who wants it restored has no brains."
Ahh the good ole days... when communists weren't annoying... 
Wasn't that what the bad guy in Octopussy wanted?.Damn, you'd think Putin would come up with a more original evil masterplan...
I can't really see Sean Connery playing an Afghan tribesman...Would be intereshting though
Was the joke here that you are aware of the movie the wind and the lion? 
The good old days of having food to eat, health care, low unemployment and less corruption. I don't see what's wrong with that.
Yes. Lining up all day just to get some bread. .How quickly we forget.
Because that's what the cold war was for the average russian?  
Yes, there were some food shortages in the USSR but a lot of people seem to forget that for the majority of people, most of the time, it was a decent living. Better than when the USSR collapsed. You could argue that the standards in the Russian Federation are actually worse than in the golden days of the USSR. 
Mostly the murdering and human rights violations.  That Stalin fellow sure did a lot of murdering.  I'd say that left a sour taste in everyone's mouths.  
Stalin wasn't really around at the height of Soviet world power and stability. His policies were rejected right after he died.

Sorry but Stalin was a dictator for only 30 years before he died in 1953, for the majority of Soviet Union was ruled by others, so you can't just put Stalin's wrongdoings with the rest of the Soviet Union.
Yeah...  You, ummm, see what exactly is wrong with that phrase?  Because there's a couple of red flags there.
One... Hundred... BILLION RUBLES!
Almost 3.1 billion USD. Not bad.
With his current policy track record, it can't be long until he declares war on crabs.
Just curious, which of Putin's policies do you disagree with? 
Not any policy per se, but the fact that policies don't matter to him because rule of law in Russia is slowly becoming the rule of Putin..Also ..
Okay, but you're blaming Putin for a problem that is prevalent in the culture of Russia. It's not like Putin is making people homophobic. They already are and he is just doing nothing to fight it. Putin has done a lot of good for the Russian economy and I think for the average Russian person, that's what really matters. 
So what if it's prevalent in Russian culture? Just because a belief is common place doesn't make it right; majoritarianism is neither democracy nor justice. And he's doing far more than nothing, he's enabling it in promoting discriminatory laws. Also, as far as the economy goes, when Putin inherited Russia with it's poverty and vast oil wealth, it doesn't take a financial genius to turn it around. I would go so far as to say true strength in a modern Russian leader would be to create faith in democratic institutions like rule of law so that Russia can have sustainable growth as opposed to one tied to the price of oil.
It wasn't too long ago that here in America that a good part of the population disliked gay people, I mean didn't they lynch a man in Wyoming in 1997? A shift of opinion takes time, and there is bound to be a number of shitty laws passed before there is a change of opinion. In the 90s we had DOMA and don't ask don't tell. 
If you're American, I would go ahead and worry about fixing your government at home before looking for other governments to vilify. 
Banning adoptions of Russian children by American families is pretty stupid.
I think that was mostly a response to few incidents where Russian children were murdered by their adopted parents and the US govt. didn't give Russia any rights to investigate. 
Those kids . treated badly by American families, though. Since the Americans didn't do anything to stop it, the Russians decided to not let them have their children to begin with.
Why do you feel that way?
Because the decision was politically motivated and is harmful to a large number of children that could use a good home, and the families that are looking to adopt those children.
Aren't the orphanages somewhat, if not primarily, responsible for giving the children to these families in the first place? I'm not saying that the Americans are innocent by any means, but they did have to . for adoption. Isn't banning adoptions by Americans just shifting the blame a little?
I don't know a lot of the details about how they select the families. I don't think that the orphanages are able to do sufficient background checks on families internationally, though. .And considering how differently someone can act when attempting to adopt and in private, it could be hard in any situation to figure out who is a good potential parent and who isn't. 
That's a good point, I do imagine it would be near impossible to keep sufficient tabs on international families. However (and this is pure speculation, I'm not well versed in the specifics), I imagine that for each of the commonly recited horror stories of Russian children in America, there were 10 or 20 Russia expats who went on to lead fine lives..I always just thought that the move was Russia thumbing its nose at the U.S., as it has been known to do from time to time.
I would think that any significantly-measurable percentage would be an issue for the Russian government, and it apparently was. Even 1% is a very noticeable statistic and cause for concern.
A fair point. Maybe I'm just a cynic, but these sorts of moves just feel political - like there's something beyond the obvious. I could be right, I could be wrong. Ultimately the problem is that adopted children were being hurt, and that's not okay. So I suppose that it was, in some ways, a means to an end. Maybe not the ideal means, but it's what Russia went with.
The whole 'it's illegal to be gay' thing is sort of, kind of, completely abhorrent.
[deleted]
Totally agree with you there but I'm not sure that's really Putin's fault as much as the mentality of homophobia.
To be fair, that changes nothing. It's still his opinion. 
Homosexuality was criminalized/illegal in the USSR. It is not in Russia. 
It is his fault though - it's just the masses', too.
What can I say? Russia is pretty backwards and traditional when compared with Western culture. Putin is no Nobel Peace Prize winner like the US champion of freedom, Obama, but he isn't a villain either. He is just a politician and the majority of Russians don't seem to mind him. 
If you're from the West, I would go ahead and worry about fixing your society at home before looking for other cultures to vilify.
I am Russian....
Just because a shit is in a field of more shit, it doesn't mean it smells any sweeter..Edit: I mean the people's opinion, not the people themselves.
Him and Silvio Berlusconi.
Berlusconi will be outlawing a different kind of crab all together.
McBain.gif
not mutually exclusive, imo
You just committed this fallacy by assuming the disjunction was exclusive - Affirming a disjunct  concluded that one disjunct of a logical disjunction must be false because the other disjunct is true; A or B; A; therefore not B.
Why can't a Bond villain be the Russian President?

Because then it would be too easy. .Bond Villans are usually rich SOB's that just wish they had the power that the ruler of Russia could wield, except usually they were either just greedy or nihilists. .Think about it. 
Dr. No - wants to disrupt US missle tests and cause a nuclear war
Stavro Blofeld - wants to blackmail the US and USSR with nuclear weapons 
Stavro Blofeld (You only live twice) - wants to start a nuclear war for revenge 
Goldfinger - wants to steal lots of gold.
Hugo Drax - wants to destroy london because fuck you that's why..
Sarafimo Spring - get rich by smuggling diamonds to finance his pet international terror organization
Goldfinger didn't want to steal any gold.  He just wanted to invalidate the supply at Fort Knox.
I've never seen a James Bond movie.
Plot for the next Bond movie? Ok, plot for the next Bond movie. 
No no no no.  It's too coherent, and I'm not sure it'll meet the requisite 2 car chase, 1 airplane chase, 1 boat chase, and 1 misc chase for the next Bond villain.  He needs to be a water weapon oil smuggler or something.
So... Putin?
Why not both?
Let us examine this man...Gentlemen.... This guy can be . he .. And if you object.. Well.. It was ..

TIL putin is right hand left eye dominant. Weird. .Source:Gangsta putin.
Those are not sharks but sturgeon. 
 hanging out with the late Muammar Gaddafi
he killed that puppy immediately afterward.

Guy has one hell of a PR team.
Here's some more in glorious hi-res
Stay thirsty, my friends.
That's... an amazing post..Putin's a closet fascist and completely cynically corrupt, but he's . a bad-ass..A couple of quibbles, those aren't sharks (they're sturgeon), and it's not karate (it's judo)..The action Putin got my forever upvote, however.
Can we just get a whole sub for these?
Let's start with this:
?
Can there also be 
Jesus Christ... Reddit really . have a sub for everything, doesn't it?
Putin is such a bad ass.  Meanwhile in america
who's the white boy?
But can he handle a Segway?
Eww it's not even a cool bike. 

That says everything. Take this photo of Ron Paul riding his bike for example:

oh god jeans and sneakers 
and what exactly are you supposed to wear with jeans?  Those faggy brown leather man-dals? 
I'm relatively certain he meant his running shoes. You can wear canvas sneakers, or brogues, or chukkas, or most anything really. Running shoes is not one of them, really. Although, I have seen it done... It's just rare.
Well, no. Loafers? More casual dress shoes? 
Me and my friends would call his attire a dad outfit. Polo tucked into blue jeans with a black belt and rocking those snazzy cross trainers. Hard to beat that, it's almost a parody.
It's nearly perfect. 
Yea classic dad-core.
His white side is really showing in this picture, I hardly recognized him.
  They see me rollin'... 
It's the helmet you can't look black in a helmet
that's suburban middleclass soccermom levels of white
America needs Teddy Roosevelt.
Could Teddy do this: 
Not only could TR . he could . and ..
That's quite a change from ..
Or this.

Totally legit. I was there.
WHATTSSS UPPP BITTTCHEESS!? 
Bad ass?  The guy just banned being gay in public in Russia.  That's pretty not bad ass.  That's just being a dick
Not saying he's a good guy but he is a manly man.  Shoots guns, rides horses, rides motorcycles, and knows 10 ways to kill a man with his bare hands.  
Ugh. 
Good job succumbing to Russian government propaganda.

Good point.  Very bad ass characteristics.  Hard core, if you will
we can agree on bad asshole if that makes you happy


jesus christ boris
He should wear a helmet
I just knew without even clicking that Boris would be there.
Hey, British guy, has there even been an assassination attempt on any of your modern Prime Minsters, or modern Royalty? (Modern meaning after WW2 in this context)
Diana was successfully assassinated by her own family, if that counts.
So they forced the driver to drink heavily?
There was an attempted coup, but the military officer left after the Prime Minister told him how impolite it was to enter without knocking. 
How dreadful 
Yes, a stabbing, a shooting, and a bombing, all attempts that British royalty have survived in the last half a century.
Mountbatten survived?
Well, thanks for the answer!

He's probably pedaling that, too. 
The USA has a fictional president like that. 
Excellent timing with idiocracy.
No, Mr Bond, I expect you to ..
I sea what you did there. 

Water you thinking, man, this might be another pun thread!
I'm shore it is.
Ok, guys, ocean references are for Gold members only.
He's got a . laser beam on his head!
Yet my cycloptic colleague here tells me that evidently this cannot be done.  Remind me people what I pay you?  Throw me a bone here!  What do we have?
Sea bass.
Both. 
I came here to write that, I hate you.

What's the difference
Enjoy your polonium California roll.
WTF? This was exactly what I was supposed to write. Well, good job.
Why not?
this is the reason that everyone "likes" him.edit: quotes
They aren't mutually exclusive. 
This is definitely one of those times when the Mexican taco kids gif applies.
Yiss...
I think Le Chiffre was based on Putin.
Source: Robert Kraft
Agent Val Poot, off to hunt The Gays.
Yes
Is there really a difference? 


well, he is ex-KGB

and was head of the FSB, which is basically the KGB of post-soviet Russia



I fully agree with this statement. 
I like how reddit continues to spread the shit Putin never actually said.
Just a little glimpse of how much you know about Russia.
Is that Bieber in the wheel chair?
Based Russia is weird as fuck, apparently.
looking in the reflection of putin's glasses gives me an unreal momentary perspective of what it would be like to be someone with that much power
Yeah. That would be crazy to have as much power as he has
He is the man who controls all the nukes. And he'll set the entire world, on, fire. Unless you give in, you're not going to win, so if you'll just now, please, give, up. Putin is the man who controls all the blocks.  .To Tetris theme.
Is it bad I agree with the first picture?
Not the concept per se, but judging from the violent crime against immigrants I would say the implementation is not exactly so great. 

No. It's entirely sensible to believe that people from foreign countries should respect the laws of their host country..It's only a problem in America because the minority groups are entitled to a certain degree of freedom to attempt to change the laws that were created with the majority in mind.
Yeah except we (america) don't have a national language that anyone is required to speak nor a solid culture that anyone has to conform to. 
Which is a good and necessary thing, for when people are being harmfully discriminated against (i.e. not being allowed to utilize due process, disenfranchising certain groups, etc.)
Not really a problem in the US, look at France right now. They are drowning in Islamic immigrants. In many cities of France, if you are white and speak French you are a minority. Entire sections of cities are practically run with Islamic law and Islamic dress is the standard. .Meanwhile in Russia the police would just say "Speak Russian, and dress and act like Russians, or gtfo of our country."
In Russia the police would never say like this actually.
How would they say it?
They wouldn't say anything. The only case when they would ask someone to speak Russian is when communicating with illegal immigrants I guess. 
Is that first one a selfie?
Yes, but that only makes it more impressive.
Yeah haha, that's pretty funny.
Excep it's not.
I wish my selfies came out like that
I wish my cellphone's camera could make me a president, too
You need a liephone, then you can be anybody.
Nooooo it's not a selfie.. I thought that at first too but look at the perspectives! The picture is clearly taken at face level while his phone is resting on the desk at stomach level. .If it was a selfie from that angle the picture would be looking up his nostrils, not down on his forehead.

Plot twist: the submarine photo is a selfie. He's Putin. He can do that. 
He has a pet tiger, a black belt in Judo, was a Lieutenant Colonel in the KGB and has been in charge of the biggest nation for 13 years... Definitely a Bond villain
Our president looks like he has aids
And he may have stolen $70 billion dollars worth of stock in Russian companies and has a billion dollar palace and a secret mistress. He basically is a Bond villain

I think that's where he get's his ideas from.  Seriously.
see, if Bruce Willis had squared off against Putin in the latest Die Hard flick, it would have ended differently...
"Ah yes, Mr. Bond. You'll soon be...Putin your place."
Also he is worth 50 billion or so.
He's also an evil douchebag

and he stole a Super Bowl ring... in front of the guy whose ring it was. And then he laughed about it.
He will also steal your Super Bowl ring!
Don't forget the part where he is the secret leader of one of the most fearsome crime syndicates on earth and often has his critics assassinated or has billionaire oil barons imprisoned to seize control of oil fields, making him in the top 20 richest men on earth. So ya, both.
You enjoy that Siberian prison now.

Plus he's like a thoroughly bad person, so he has that going for the Bond villain thing too.
Thank god politics are all about morality then....!
He is pretty much villainous in general, he is thought to have orchestrated terror attacks on his own people, he has poisoned and killed numerous dissidents, and also just steals petty shit from people - like superbowl rings for example.
They sort of are!  In Putin's case, it's that the less moral he is, the better he is at politics
Wouldn't that be the opposite of being ABOUT morality?
Well, you've got to remember that someone having bad morals are just morals in opposition to your own..Someone truly without morality would be...interesting. 
Yeah he'd bad.... BAD TO THA BONE
BANANA NA-NA

At least he's not Nikolai Jakoff. 
What an.. interesting surname.

One in three, that was a crazy weekend.
It's so true.  He could orchestrate a national attack, and then when you rush into his office to finally stop him, he'd rip off his shirt and pull out an AK.
According to Canadian PM Harper, you'll be lucky if he only rips off his shirt:

Putin riding a tiger?
Chuck Norris jokes use Norris's name because speaking Mr Putin in such a manner gives one an instant lobotomy.
Or he'd be in his giant chair looking away from you. Then as you enter, he calmly spins around with a white cat in his lap. Also he has an eyepatch now.
A white cat? You mean a White Tiger, I hope. 

Huh, so thats who Dr Evil is based off of.

To actually answer your question yes. It's a Bond villain from You Only Live Twice.

If only you saw Blofeld first. You would have gotten a bit more of a laugh out of Dr Evil, I think.
Mixed with this guy .. He's a blackbelt anime fan after all
Wait, .?.Now that's just unfair...
Was waiting for his to cut tank in half.  Was almost disappointed.

His covered eye is undamaged. He wears the patch only because a full-visioned Putin would just be too unfair.
Putin Glass

more of a fuhrer king bradly  
Pretty sure the eye patch is so that he can move the patch to the other eye in the event of a night time black out. Instant night vision..By covering one eye up, it's fully adjusted to night time vision, so you can instantly get the best vision in the dark.
I'm going with the rat raper on this one
The patch is hiding the key to the nuclear warheads.
???
Nuclear wessels.
Nuclear .?
AND nuclear warbutts
Can it also be hiding a laser eye or something? I like laser eyes.
Yes
The laser is the defense mechanism. Followed by a self-destruct timer that is set to one second later than our hero's escape
All I can think of is sharks with lasers.......
If  sausage you wish, not green eggs and ham,.Just say fuck it and make a barbecue can
Nice BBQ!  ...But why did you shit on it?
Isn't the aluminum kind of bad for you if it's burned?
That's super cool! Do you have instructions?
yes it does work, i had a nice lunch today, the wait was abit long but it takes up to 3 coals.
This is genius!!! Does it work?
OK, that's cool and all, but... I'm sorry to say that looks like an actual turd!
true it does, hope that doesn't put you of your food 
Crappiest barbecue ever.
One "man" BBQ....pepsi max?
Don't do this unless you are in a bind, homeless, etc. The can's lining is toxic.
It appears you don't know how to reply to comments. 
What about a bowl instead of a can?
You can see how the can is cut. Just cut it almost in half, but leave 1 side so it's still connected. Cut up the top and bottom edges a little so it can bend. Put 4 nails on one side to make the legs. Put some medium thickness metal grating/fencing or chicken wire. (Pic looks like its from an metal screen door.) Done.
The can's lining is definitely toxic, bisphenol A (BPA).
um... that's a filing cabinet... I'm sure your just burning the papers inside. 
When in doubt....C4!
It looks like a file cabinet/safe whose dial stopped working at a Navy base I worked at several years ago. It weighed a lot. I think that one was supposed to be sent to demolition though.
Solution: explosives. Lots of them.
Inside the safe: a smaller safe.
Use an angle grinder, it will cut through both steel and concrete, less chance of destroying whatever is inside. .edit: an air chisel would work too
Nooooooo! Not another one!
chances OP will deliver? Setting the over/under at 10%
I got tree fiddy on the under.
I'll take the over...but I bet the contents of the safe will be really lame if anything. I rely hope I'm wrong though.
Based on his update you are correct.  Your prize consists of a couple red post it notes and rubber bands.
It was about that time I realized that Girl Scout was about 30 stories tall...   What's the over/under up to?

Trolled
So what was in it?
Looks like a rubber band and sticky note tabs
Oh.. for some reason I thought he was using that to get into the safe. I don't know what's wrong with me.
I'm guessing it was full of COMSEC equipment/materials.
Combination is on bottom of filing cabinet. They are too heavy to readily lift up to look at the combination as a thief.
Gotta find the weak spot, man. If you're going to build a safe, where you gonna put the weak spot? On the bottom.
Something something not THE safe something OP deliver blah
OP will surely deliver.
is that an old mosler safe?
I hope OP delivers 
Soooo, i recognize that safe, or at least ones very similar to it.   Wheres it from?
More heavy lidded eyes.  Right now you look like a dude wearing zombie make-up.
It also looks too green...
I was not impressed by that movie.
Looks like someone's jealous their roommate went without them....
Step 3: Get axed in the face.
Holy shit your roommate fought in World War Z?
We need a reaction video
OP died that day..Killed by his room mate 
Disclaimer: only attempt if absolutely sure roommate never carries knife or gun
The movie is average and not the least bit scary...You will probably get a good laugh
Step three: Steal the Declaration of Independence.
PLEASE set up a camera.
Step three: Recover from potential medical care.
Step three: Die from blunt force trauma
I'm always too scared to do this in case they go Fight or Flight mode and pick the machette in the corner...
Too bad they won't be scared, because World War Z wasn't scary at all. It was like the Amazing Race with CGI zombies flooding every area he leaves.
He might be going to see Evil Dead at the local $2 theatre.  That could be a possibility. 
It wasn't scary but the few jump scares got me :(
You need fangs!
Hope you don't live in a "Stand Your Ground" state.
Step 3: RIP downvote_downpour
I think i know why you weren't invited to the movie.  Mean ass roomate tactics.
Dude, you'll be shot like Bill Murray. And no one will believe you.
Step 4: If you are living in USA, look for a good clinic to fix your brand new gunshot wound.
I shit you not, when I finally got out of that movie at midnight I questioned what I knew about the world around me during a terrifying walk to my car.
Plot twist, OP's roommate actually watched Pacific Rim, came back and punched OP with a robotic arm.
I saw Pacific Rim last night.. Where's my robotic arm?
Step three: hospital visit. 
PLEASE did you film this?
It's PG13 so with your bloody wounds, he may not make the connection. 
You're gonna get shot son
Step 3: Hospital :(
Step 3: Roommate stays out for night, you sit home with makeup on.
You are gonna get stabbed in the head.
Step 3: hospital 
You kinda look like Nicholas Cage.
Don't do it after World War Z. After that, I would kinda just be like meh..Wait for him to come home late some random night and do it.
You better not be in a state with stand your grown laws!
I just want to point out how happy I am that this is legit zombie makeup. No zippers on your face or anything like so many other posts. Just good old fashioned undead.
Make sure he is not CCW-ing!
Step three: Get stabbed or punched.
But you should look like the movie zombies, they are different from that!
That's Diabolical.
Step three: Crowbar to the face.
Damn, Brad Pitt is looking rough these days.

Step three: call ambulance when he beats you over the head with a fire poker. 
Step three: get shot
Step 3: 
You better record it! I dont take no for an answer!
Hahaha there will be shitting
Movie summed up in 5 words: close calls in famous places. 
Won't work when your roommate has been watching hoards of shitty CGI zombies instead of actors and make up..Nice job, by the way.
World War Z is still in theatres?
Haven't they suffered enough for one night?
Step 1: Scare roommate
Step 2: ???
Step 3: Profit
has anyone ever told you that you look like nick cage?

Why?  There weren't any zombies in WWZ.
Gotta get those milky color contacts for the authentic wwz zombie feel.Fun fact, their eyes are that way because they dont ever blink so their eyes get covered in scratches (finished the book yesterday)
profit?
Step 3. Nothing really happens
Step 4. Wash make up off
Annnnnd COCK BLOCKED
After watching the Walking Dead, all other zombie makeup just disappoints me.
You should have filmed the reaction!
Excellent movie, nothing like the book. You need the clacking teeth from the WHO lab...I will never forget those damn teeth n the sound they made. 
Be sure to post the black eye picture.
this is pretty creepy
That movie was intense and he may reactively attack you

I hope your roommates doesn't have a firearm on him. 
Step 3: Decapitation or headshot
You're a sick fuck. I like your style.
You now need to practice your screech and chatter your teeth.
If you really want to scare the living shit outta them, recreate the plane scene and hide in a small compartment. 
hopefully he isnt within arms reach of a metal bar. but yeah you should try to film it
didn't know Nicholas cage was on reddit
Record what happens
You look like Nic Cage
I found you to post the same thing
k
Step 3... .Make fun of roommate for paying to see that drek 
Did step zero involve a Nicholas Cage mask because...
Step 3: Get shot/stabbed/run over
Step Three: begin cleaning shit covered bricks up.
Please just don't do anything. Sit in a chair and let him find you at a kitchen chair or something. He will defecate for sure
Step 3: Stabbed to death by roommate
step 3 profit
There's more blood on you than there is in the entire movie
What a shit movie that was
I pirated that movie and watched it a few days after release. Felt really let down. The quality was great but the movie itself was kinda terrible. 
step 3: listen to your roommate complain about how the movie was nothing like the book.
You should go for the long game and get psychological on his ass..Throw him the World War Z book when he comes back and watch him fucking explode with fury. 
It went okay...
Step 3: Make sure that roommate doesn't have a toilet seat nearby. (Best way to kill a zombie.)
Step 3: take Lobo out of skull.
no lobo in the movie afaik.
And this is where you hope your roommate doesn't carry.
Anybody else see Nick Cage?
3 ??????
4 Profit
You look like a criminal who got beat up.
Step 3: be CGI
You mean return from stealing the declaration of indpendence right?
Step 3: Hit in head by roomate's baseball bat
World War Z was hardly a zombie movie. It was just an action movie with Brad Pitt.
That's not make-up, that's syphilis. 
i got this:
1)OP wasn't invited to the movie.
2) Decides to make roomate shit profusely upon entering the domicile.
3)profit???
Better have a recording of the prank to soak up the sweet sweet karma
Good thing I'm not her roomate...I'm really paranoid and would have shot her immideietly. 
So he'll come back disappointed and then you'll scare the shit out of him/herZ it's a tough life.
Nicholas Motherfucking Cage zombie! 
Step One: Be Nicolas Cage..Looks like you got it covered.

Step three: be shot dead. Step four: friend gets off because he was standing his ground. 
Some people just want to watch the world burn
HOW DID YOU TAKE THE PICTURE
I feel like I'm the only one that thought that movie was hilarious
Looking at the WWZ trailer and clips, two suggestions: .a) No green, try to match the WWZ zombie look..b) Sit on a couch or behind the comp (back towards the front door) and sudden 'attack' the roommate
you're the worst kind of person 
Step 3. Feel disappointed in paying to go see World War Z
"Biggest regret?"."Probably 'Garfield.'"
Im waiting for the day someone does this as a prank and gets their ass killed. 
I would kill you so hard. I'm paranoid enough when I'm home alone at night. 
Step 3: Profit
This looks like an incredibly interesting murder trial waiting to happen.
Assuming the roommate bludgeoned his ass... Jokes on OP, then.
it's like you want to be punched.
Step three: Get punched in the face
OP's gonna get lobo'd.
.
That thud of him falling back into the trashcan is oddly amusing.
3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3
 did my make-up. Check out her posts for some of her other make-up work! 
Awesome username. 
She's OK
Why, hello Nicolas Cage..Edit: I can't spell for shit.
There's no 'h' in Nicolas Cage
Thank you kind sir
Any time, stranger!
step 3: the movie wasn't scary at all
It's not supposed to be built from the ground uo to scare you right? I havent seen it.
the OP was going to try and scare his friend with the zombie makeup (which was really well done) but the movie wasn't scary so I don't get the point of the post
Poor guy
That's not a step...
I was terrified and still am weeks later.
Or anything like the book it's supposedly "based off of."
It was that or rush through everything
I feel bad for Max Brooks. I would never want my piece of art tainted by a piece of easily marketable Hollywood trash.
I know. I feel bad that, now that Plan B has the rights to WWZ (they're already talking about sequels), Max (and us fans, of course) are never going to see a true World War Z movie adaptation. If I remember right he even told fans of his book to go into the movie thinking of it as a stand alone zombie film instead of an adaptation of his book, although I can't find a direct source to the quote. That must be a shit feeling realizing you gave the rights to your book to the wrong company to make it come alive.
sort of what they did but the movie was "eh"
Did you guys even read the book? Please tell me how it could be turned into a movie without butchering it, some books can't. This is one. .The movie could have been one or more of the stories from the book, and that's what made it good. It was supposed to be BASED ON the book, and it was.
For starters the zombies could have been, well let's just say, ZOMBIES! What we got were super frog mutants not the shambling dead. The first encounter Brad Pitt had with them made me almost walk out of the movie.
I've read the book 9 times to date. I agree, it would have been hard to make into an equally awesome movie, but I don't understand how you can think it was "based on" the book if you actually read the book. There's a basic rule of thumb for movies based on books: if you can watch the movie without knowing what book it is based on and be able to figure out what book it is, that's a good job basing a movie off a book. There's no way even the most dedicated WWZ fan could have seen that movie, with no background information, and told it was World War Z. For starters, it has next to none of the same events as the book. The closest it has is Jerusalem. Yes it has a wall, but Jerusalem falls in the movie and doesn't in the book. The zombies are completely different. Fast sprinters compared to slow shamblers, their bites turn in seconds rather than hours. Nothing is mentioned in the movie about them freezing and thawing or about how they don't need to breathe and can therefore live underwater, which are . plot points in the book. In the movie they don't even eat people they just bite then go on their way. There's a cure in the movie, nothing like that is in the book. The closest thing you have to a main character in the book is the narrator, not a guy going around the world trying to cure the zombie apocalypse. They're completely different works with only two things in common: they have zombies and the same title. Even the author of WWZ, Max Brooks, said "About the only thing they have in common is the name." That doesn't sound like being "based on" the book. There's a line between being "based on" a book and just using a books name, and WWZ crossed that line. And yeah, I agree, it would have been difficult to make it into a movie without butchering it. Difficult, but not impossible. They could have made a movie (or trilogy, like they now plan to do with WWZ) in which a narrator goes around and visits the characters in the book after the war (just like the book) and each visit turns into a flashback as the character tells their story. Would they have had to cut some stories? Most likely. But I feel like losing some stories would be a lot, a lot better than cutting all similarities with the book (besides a zombie theme, of course) and just slapping a "World War Z" title onto a completely unrelated zombie movie.
But everyone knows shambling death is not that dangerous. I mean a kitchen knife would be enough to stop it
The shambling dead are scary because they are neigh indestructible except for a shot to the brain. You could set them on fire and they would still be shambling at you without ever slowing down or letting up..This movie combined the super speed of infected (or "super frog mutants" as tainefei described it as) with the invulnerability of typical walking dead..I almost walked out when I saw them get up and continue running after falling off of buildings.
Clearly you haven't read the book..
It's not a problem to make a headshot as well as stab with a knife to the head
Didn't be say he wasn't really bothered? .Don't worry, he got a huge cheque, more than he ever would for the book sales. And the book still exists and is awesome.
The book was so good. I loved it...I'm a little disappointed in advance to see the movie.
Yeah, never got me once. Still, I had a dream that I was in a zombie apocalypse the night after, and it was pretty terrifying, so I guess the film caught me subconsciously.
If you want those dreams to continue for a few more weeks try the Left 4 Dead games.
maybe
It wasn't jump scares or anything, the terrifying part for me was realizing I would never survive these zombies. Way too damn fast.
I am being completely serious what was scary about the movie
Well ive never watched any scary movies so to me that was terrifying. Also the fact that it was a disease and happened to normal people scared me. I hope that answered you. :) 
Let me recommend the movie "The Grudge"
alright then I understand
That's what got me as well, I'm not a scary movie type of person so it got me more than I expected. Especially the plane scene, that had me gripping my chair until I was white-knuckled. Great movie. Loved the book.
The plane scene and the part in the WHO building were the best parts of the movie.
So, scary as in psychologically scary, not I-just-shit-my-pants-in-suprise scary?
There were a few jumpy scenes too. 
I must admit, it did make me jump a few times.  Good movie imho.
I didn't really like it, it sold itself as to serious for the type of movie it was.
I absolutely hated it, so did everyone in the cinema that I was in (launch night, packed). Towards the end people starting booing and laughing audibly at the stupidity of the film (e.g. chatter zombie). As we walked out I could hear all kinds of conversations about how "Ridiculous" and "Terrible" the film was. 
I am sorry, but what do you mean by "chatter zombie"?

I clicked the link and it just says "page not found"
As someone who read the book, even I still thought it was a decent adaption; Or even just as a stand-alone. .It certainly beats the Resident Evil movies -- I mean, as much as I love Mila Jovovich.. Those movies are terrible. 
true
The movie (world war z)= Shit.
Step three: look for new roomate.
Step Four, find headless sex doll.
r/whatcouldgowrong 

More like, . 
Of course that's a thing. Fuck. No peaceful sleep tonight I suppose. 
I'm sorry :/
I guess I'm never leaving my house ever again. 
Step something: get shot in head by roommate. 
You laugh, but I watched a nine PM showing of World War Z the other day, and if you jumped out at me afterwards, your zombie-face would go from convex to concave in 0.37 seconds.
Step something-2: claims self-defense
Step something something: Take bullet like a man and bite roomate's neck off.

That feels like a final step. 
Step second amendment 
You're a zombie, walk it off.


What if he's the Return of the Living Dead kind?
[deleted]
Spam link, don't click, just downvote and report.

RIP Treyvon
Was that real?
The fakest blood ever.
No, he reaches for the gun before he even looks up and he racks the gun. Typically most concealed carries have 1 in the chamber so they are ready to fire. 
If a video or gif has the HUD with "rec" and the battery on it then it's probably fake. 
Thanks for the clarification.
Rule #2: Double Tap.
I always wondered how people can risk these pranks especially in the US... .Everyone has at least a bazillion guns, and if someone would try to zombie prank me i'd fucking bust his head off like nothing.
Ok there, internet tough guy.
You have no idea how much you're generalizing.
And you have no idea how much i was making fun of a situation like this. But it's okay. You are not alone as we can see.
Yeah, you totally got what i was trying to say there. Good job.
I take it you don't actually live in America and you're just working off a bunch of bullshit stereotypes.
I don't go anywhere without my bazillion guns on my hip...
While not everyone has guns there are certainly enough people with guns that it isn't a non-issue. And anyone without a gun will sue you for emotional distress.
Americans own around half of the world's privately held guns. ~88 guns for every 100 citizens.
Everyone in america does not own a gun. Most people in America do not own multiple guns. Just because a few people collect and have a huge amount of guns, throwing the statistics towards the idea that most Americans have multiple guns, does not mean everyone does.
Yeah, but what % of people own guns. My uncle has at least 20-30 guns, but he is the only person I know who has any. I'm guessing there are a lot of guns but not nearly as many gun owners.
and all those guns belong to like 10 people. If you have one gun, you have a hundred it seems.
Yeah! I don't own any guns, just a compound bow, a large array of knives and swords, a (legal) flamethrower, and a scythe.
What color is your fedora?

This comment's score: 1.Reason for score:.DeadlyRadiatedBanana's overall score: 1. DeadlyRadiatedBanana's overall rank: 123 ..
uh oh, shots fired!
It's a woven hemp fedora made by villagers in mongolia and infused with the essence of Macintosh computers; it also bears a feather from a rare bird that has no name in any language.
Step 3: Hide in a closet!
Step 4: get shot in the head?
nice, dude!.how come you have access to a t-shirt printer? and how much is such a bad boy?
You can get special paper and just iron on decals.
Step 4: Pay medical bills for the next 6 years because you scared the roommate so bad he accidentally stabbed you in the balls with his car keys.
Hiding in the closet sure worked for Brad Pitt's character in Burn After Reading 
Step 4:  Come out of the closet
Step 5:  Make sweet zombie love to roommate 
Shit that weirded me out once I realized that was my face. Well done. 
You're famous!
Someone on Reddit put my face on a t-shirt...this is better than Reddit Gold
You look like Nick Cage.
Jesus thank you someone else said it. All u could think when I saw the picture.
Confirmed. Mother told me I'm Cage.
 .Your subreddit awaits you, sir.
I clicked that and wished so much that it wasn't real. 
Am I the only one who thinks Nicholas Cage is a horrible actor?

My mom said I was handsome
Step 2: Film the reaction for more karma.
Step 3: find out the hard way that your roommate has a concealed carry license. 
lol
Really?
I'm seriously considering it. This pic is from Halloween but my friend threw this makeup on me in 20 minutes. I think he's seeing it this weekend.
If you haven't seen it, be sure to run at him FAST. They don't lumber slowly in the movie.
This is important. .When he comes home, have all the lights off, and before he turns them, make a biting noise with your teeth. 
Spoiler?
No not really. It's just a quirk that the zombies in the movie have. But there is one particular scene where its really really creepy. 
make sure you sit on the couch, semi-hidden from front door, and make groaning noises. when he approaches, growl and attack him :)
You better deliver.
Coincidentally it will also be the day you find out your roommate has a concealed carry permit
OP DONT FUCK UP!
Op's gonna get stabbed. 
It's been 9 hours, OP. 
DO IT!
Didn't work for Bill Murray..
RIP Op...
I get this reference.....Nut up or shut up.
FTFY.
You're just a Grammar Nazi Sympathizer; an ellipses has four periods when punctuated correctly.  .Fix up, look sharp.
Yeah, I was gonna say....
This comment is stupid as hell.
As is your username
He's a troll, he's been doing this for a couple days
Dude, everything works for Bill Murray..Even Garfield worked for Bill Murray - he did a great job. Not his fault that the rest of the movie was about as good as a pile of fetid, week-old, cola-doused chicken strips.
I'm guessing you haven't seen Zombieland
I'm guessing you're assuming I didn't get the joke..I got it - but ask yourself this, did Murray seem terribly upset with his death in that film? Nah, he was pretty cool with it. Though he lay dead and dying, he was at peace and able to say, "I'm just Bill, I think, now.".Man even made his death cool - nothing ever works out poorly for Bill Murray.
We get it...  Bill Murray rules.  
You know, I thought it was funny..Oh well.
It's not about his opinion on the matter, it about the fact of the matter. He got his fucking stomach blasted through by a shotgun.
Do you think that hurt?
Are you asking me if I think a shotgun blast to the gut hurt?
Do you know?.It's cool if you don't - because the question was really just a shot from the hip, knee-jerk reaction.
NO ONE LIKES YOU
Don't talk to Bill Murray like that; he doesn't come on reddit that often.

Dude, spoiler tags, please.
This guy get's it

Can I borrow your extra apostrophe? I have a contraction on a comment in another thread that I need it for. 
Says the person who ended their sentence with a preposition...
Haven't you heard? The rules are a bunch of BS anyway. Don't believe me? I have the . to back me up.
What is the punctuation market like?  I got out in 2011.  I'm into selling vowels now.  (Little insider tip) sell your stocks in "e & a".  "O" is rising quick, now's the time to buy.
I need tah pay fah the right tah use the alphabet's 15th letter? Fuck that bullshit. I can live with never using that letter again.
Hey... Hey, dude... It's easy... Just use an umlaut... That way, yu can avid that stupid shit. The umlaut cuts the price by fifty percent, man.
Just be from the Midwest. No o's there.
Haven't you heard? The letter "e" is illega
Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice, Beetlejuice. 
Ban hammr'd
Step 1: Ensure roommate doesn't have a gun.
It's ok, it takes more than a gun to stop a zombie.
Yeah, you need bullets
Step 2: Forget roommate has a bat.
Feed pet bat
Step 3: get shot by roommate's friend. 
First and final step realize roommate isn't a fucking retard or child and would never believe in zombies. 
But after a scary movie however, you think there are monsters in every corner in the room. 
Or maybe they are.
But his roommate saw World War Z.
World war z is not a good movie. Nor is it scary.
...and a vintage boner in my pants.
She is a beauty.
I'm going flamingo on this one!
That bathing suit is sexier than a thong...

Tuff girl. As a child she suffered from polio, so she started dancing, to recover and build up muscles, and clearly succeeded. Really fine photo

Dat Forties Ass.
were all ladies in that great of shape?
oh lady!
That shit grey
This lady is hotter than like... 6 beauty contest winners from 1922 combined.
She's so hot. Weird to think she's like 80-90 if not older now. 
DAT VINTAGE ASS
The shadow made it look like she had amazing delts. Upon closer inspection I'm a little let down.

Now colorized that shit!
Grandma?!
dat 91 year old dead lady.
She's dead now.
She's hot
I would berry my dick so far up her ass....
Squats for days 
We hafta see this colorized.
Bounce a beach ball off dat ass.
Is it just me, or does she look like Clara Oswald?
Dat ass. 8/10 would bang
The ass was fat
How long till some asshole colorizes this? 
Mmm mmm. She got the fat ass.
I like this.
Is this a vintage photo? Or a modern photo to look vintage?  That would be today's standard of beautiful.  Not the standard of back then.  Actually, her muscular arms and back would not have been considered attractive at all back then.
If I were able to transport myself into pictures, as I often imagine I could, I would lay a towel down on the sand. Then I would lie horizontally with her straddling me backwards. That way I could watch that wonderful ass bouncing up and down while she rides my hard cock. 
That girl needs some ..
Conclusive proof that high wasted shorts looked just as ridiculous then as they do now.
Nice dump truck
Obviously no one had an ass like that back in that era. Nice Ass = Time Traveler
You can just feel the hate from those women in the distance - 'Skinny little whore!'
dat ass
DAT FUCKIN TITE ASSS DOEEEE AWWWWW YISSS LEMME LICK DAT SWEET ROLL, DAT SWEET SWEEET SWEET ROLL BAE
Dat vintage
Shopped 
[deleted]
with a nice butt....
She fine 
She's the bee's knees.
dat ass, dat back... perfect.
dat ass
Dat Ass!

Thats gotta be a dancer.   Noone elses fitness level makes them look like that in that age.  
Oh my god! I can see her knees!
The two broads in the water ain't chopped liver neither!
I was going say how attractive I find her, but then I got scared that she could be my grandmother or something...
Dat ASS.
2/3 of our boys in WWII fapped to this photo, nestled together in their foxholes.
I .ume this is why there was a baby boom.
GILF
she must crossfit
dat ace.
Has to be a ballerina.
dat ass #1 
I have a vintage boner. 
shes one hot grandma
9.5/10. Would court.
Dat posture.
Bare shoulders!?!?!? You shameless slut!
Hell, Lumberg fucked her...

Her face kind of looks like Ashley Judd.  
Gorgeous. Looks like she was a surfer. Very toned, 
That is the most perfect ass to have ever graced the Earth. And those legs are second to none, holy shit. Diiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiim.
You know what's crazy? How fashion keeps reappearing over time. I would no be surprised to see a girl wearing something very similar to this at the beach. Even the hairdo.
Vintage photo bomb!
Is there a vintage porn subreddit?
I wish someone would colorize it.

I totally agree!

Thanks!
daaaammmmmnnnnnn....That ass!
That is someone's grandmother.
Is that Ashley Judd?
that was my thought also
Re: A vintage photo of a lady in a bathing suit. Are you sure this is not Ashley Judd?


Damn look at all that Ass from the Past!!
How is nobody commenting on the goofy expression she's making??
I thought everyone said thin=attractive is a recent invention. Marilyn Monroe and all that. Guess not.
dat ass.
Dat ass
She was a spectacular dancer.
Thought I was in r/hardbodies! Crazy bod!
look at how straight her back is. impressive.
 
Dat ass...
great butt
Vintage lady's got a great ass.
Dem gams!
I'm sure . would appreciate this one!
If that isn't worth colorizing, I don't know what is.
WOW
God she's so fucking fine
what ever happened to 70.s.
so come on redditors, get out your ols snapshots of your chesticles - or top bollocks if you will.
As an older man myself. 
An ass like an onion, makes me want to cry
They had ass like dat back in the day?!
I wish my dick could time travel. 
DAT ASSS    
Wow stunning!
That assssss!

DUMP'UM OUT
nice roasts
Dat ass
She does not have your average vintage ass.  It's quite contemporary.
Lady in the water looking jealously at her.
Dibs!
dat ASS
gotta donk
Dat ass is also vintage
Major butt envy. . 
If my penis could time travel it would go back and lay in the sand hoping she would pick it up thinking it was a sea cucumber. Ideally, she would play with it for some time and use it as a loofa. 
Dem Glutes
Dem Glutes
"WOW"" SHES GOT A GREAT ASS...
This is probly the only picture I've ever seen from this time frame in a bikini that i find attractive. (well her body is)
dat ass
Dat Ass!
DAT ASS
Ashley Judd?
Golly!
dem lats
Her face is perfectly attractive.
Dem gams
And why you only have 3 upvotes thus far I'll never know.
Aaand you're wrong because it's a picture of Cyd Charisse from the 40s. 
what am I wrong about?
Taken in 1945.
Well she has quite the derriere!
dat butt hott
Good Googly Moogly! Id repeal her probation if you know what I mean
*Prohibition 
Dem gams.
Nope.  She is pretty unusual for that period.  Most pin-ups of the time had nothing near this type of muscle-tone, and they tended to be sort of 'heavy' just above the knees.  She looks like this because she was also a professional dancer.
thought back then everyone liked fat girls
And there is that new commercial saying "Women are getting Hotter" I beg to differ...  Case and point: The lovely Cyd Charisse
As a woman, I am not afraid to say this.... Holy fuck, that is a great ass! Well done, ma'am.
Wow her flower is amazing...
Not to break the combo but she has very defined chicken wings
Came in here to say "dem guns", too. Have an upvote.
DON'T DROP THAT THUN THUN THUN!
God damn it.
You can clearly read the feelings.
 
She died in 2008. But still Dat Ash.
Dancer. She's gorgeous. 
Dat .... grandma?!
I posted this two years ago with exactly the same title, which is okay since it's not my picture, but I wonder why you didn't even change the title?
I want to suck a fart right out of her ass.
...and hold it like a bong hit.
She's clearly an athlete of some sort - check the muscle definition on her arms. I'd like to think she's a dancer because I like to think everyone back then danced :)
She's definitely pretty but all I can think of when I see vintage pictures like this is how big her bush must have been. Not saying a bush is bad, but we all know she had one.
She could totally shave or trim it
They don't make dat ass liked they used to. 
They make them bigger now.

If you don't want to lose any more karma I would suggest fixing your link 
That link is broken.
Works fine for me. Maybe you don't know how to click it.
The link works fine. You do not.
Shhhhhh 
No really, just because the link didn't work the second you clicked it doesn't mean it's broken. 
It still doesn't work, in fact. 
Tell me there's a subreddit for this sort of material. 
actually r/volleyballgirls does exist.

Is it possible to LMGTFY, for instance, "naked little children", and have it show up on the person who clicked the link search history?
That is one of the best responses I've seen.
Google'd link text. Found .That's probably it.
I am sorry that ass is not even in the same league as the OP. This is a fat hormone/genetics ass. The OP ass is a tight rock of Kryptonite.
That's actually a horribly photoshopped ass. I can't find the original, but come on...look at the thighs.
Hey it's a great looking ass dont get me wrong, but still not even the same ballpark as the OP.
Good God that is a fine piece of ass
I wonder what it looked like before all the Photoshop
Colorized this photo and you've got yourself an American Apparel ad.  
She needs to look much much hungrier and like she's had about 3 hours of sleep in the last week for this to really be an American Apparel ad.
No, to be American Apparel, she'd have to be topless. 
And certainly not smiling.
Photojacker?
And look a little more like trailer trash
More like 
She's actually physically fit (not skinny but fit) and doesn't look like she's 13. How could she be in an an American Apparel ad?
She's so pretty I would court her.
Bullshit
Court her? I'd grease up my head and slide it up that ass whole

That's damn good work! Usually you can clearly see that it was colorized, you have a magic touch.
Cheers! More goodness over at 
Thank you so much for linking to that subreddit!
Also, more like the picture in 
Clearly a dancer of some sort. That ass was .. It did not simply grow like that on its own.
dat passe
actually that ass is genetic. Her granddaughter has the same body. Its amazing. 
One does not simply ass into I don't know what I'm doing oh fuck
Pics or GTFO.
Asses like that aren't ., they are forged in volcanoes and usually posses powers of irresistible control over man.
Pretty sure that's not how it's done.
As a man, I'd do anything that ass told me to do.
One ass to rule them all...
One ass to find them.
One ass to bring them all 
...and in the darkness bone them
PRECIOUSSSSS

I thought it was a GIF that wasn't loading 

you know there's a third pair of hands somewhere
lol
kalmah123
llol
Almost 2,000 karma in one day from exclusively posting lol? I'm doing something wrong.
Yes, you are caring about karma.
Only if you care about karma
[deleted]
Lmao
He's not saying "lol", it is a picture of a guy drowning and waving for help. You assholes have been ignoring a guy on the verge of death. 
People drowning don't wave for help...that guy is a phoney!
I read that a person drowning will keep their arms to their sides.  As if there is an unconscious effort to push down on everything around you.
probably commented over 2500 times, some got downvoted.
As of this posting it's closer to 30.
People in . lost their shit for it... 
lol
It's Cyd Charisse..She was an actor and a dancer, perhaps most known today for the movie Singin' In The Rain. I guess that explains why her body is more toned than the average pinup of the era.
But...but....MARYLIN MONROE WASN'T SKINNY! GIRLS SHOULD BE PROUD OF THEIR FAT BECAUSE PEOPLE DIDN'T ALWAYS MIND SOME EXTRA CHUNK ON A GIRL!!!!!!!!!!
She was always my idol when I was in dance. SO amazing!
Yeah, I was thinking she was awesomely muscled. 
Retro boner activated. 
Ah yes, the greatest kind of boner

Another from the OP set:
I would bet she's most known today for DAT ASS
I'm a girl, and DAT ASS!
I usually don't find the pin up girls that attractive, but in this case of dat ass, me likey
Dat is definitely dat ass. Dat everything.
One of the best sequences in film history, in my humble opinion. 
Oooo, that's a good one. .and two of my other faves:.and . starring Robert Preston who was in the Sci-Fi Classic The Last Starfighter. .edit: If you've come this far, here's 
first link; Mr Schuester?
While I love that clip from singing in the rain, I prefer this one .. Cyd Charisse was a stunning dancer. 
Since it's Reddit you might show . clip from Royal Wedding, using a camera technique that I read, at least, that Astaire developed that was later used in Inception.
Those legs, indeed,  but she's doing the T-Rex in high heels strut. Noooooooooooo!
They learned to dance that well and that mob boss couldn't even take the time to learn to flip a coin one handed. Should'a fired that lazy bum.
This entire thread makes me very happy.

I can never enjoy videos like this. I just keep imagining people as skeletons. I wonder what it would look like if everyone around the world just turned into moving skeletons. .I don't know why I'm like this.

Poor Chloe. Just wants to get laid.
Joaquin Phoenix?
You are correct. She's one of my best friend's grandma.  That ass runs in the family. 
You dont say...
I can confirm that U/Hotrodcorvair is one of her best friends. I am Cyd's grandaughters exhusband. And U/HotrodCorvair, she has 3 kids bro, you have been my best friend for how long? Only 2 are mine, her youngest 2. And yes, I confirm, she looks A LOT like Cyd and her ass is legendary as well. We got along like shit though so yeah, she is my Ex and we barely get along. But I got 2 beautiful kids out of her..I can dig through paperwork later to find some kind of proof for the mods when I get off work...but I am not about to put it out there for my kids to get stalked.
Oh goddamn it phone. I was there for the last two, does that count?  And the oldest one is more demon than actual child...so..
However the oldest looks more like her mom and Great Gma, so she got more of the Charisse Genes than my 2.
Yes she is..the oldest is definitely wired wrong..however..my youngest could possibly be a sociopath. But she is gonna be the cutest sociopath ever. Be afraid.
It's true.
She's also related to Nana Visitor, who also has a great ass. 
I think thats just by marriage though.  My friend's dad is Nico. 
I wonder if anyone calls Nana Visitor "Little Red Riding Hood" just for fun?
proof..PROOF.
Yeah. NO. I'd post a photo, and then you guys would tineye that shit, and stalk her on her facebook and instagram. Hell no, I said she's one of my best friends... I'd never turn Reddit loose on her. I want her to stay my friend.  .She's a regular single mom of two. Doesn't act or dance or sing. (shame cause she's amazing at it.) and wants her life to stay simple. 
Single mom of 3. You are just thinking of my 2, don't forget the oldest. LOL. She can dance and sings pretty well also. Cyd never sang. Just lip Synced. I sang with Cyd's husbands (Tony Martin) while playing their living room piano at their condo on Wilshire. It was pretty cool.
Friendzone...
I was married when I met her. She's one of my wife's best friends also. Not sure "friend zone" is right in this context. She was a friend, that I hooked up with my best friend. 
He watched me go through hell...his wife is awesome. He made the right choice by friend zoning himself. Hot does not always equate to awesome.
Wait are you the grand-daughter?.edit: wife of the grand-daughter?
I'm the ex-husband of the grand-daughter...where did you get wife of grand-daughter? I'm not sure where there connection came form. Do i need to edit something?.Edit: I see your confusion now. No u/Hotrodcovair is the friend of us both. He actually worked with her and introduced me to her. He watched me, the ex-husband, go through hell being married to her, the grand-daughter. 
Gypsy_Biscuit is the ex husband of the granddaughter. And my best friend. All around cool guy. He's referencing my wife who is awesome. We have helped Mr. Biscuit through some hard times. 
Good for you, you didn't back stab your friend by posting things about her personal life. We need more redditors like you.
Thank you. That means a lot. Internet high five! 
You can always crop out her face and anything else that could help find out who she is. We just care about that ass.
I could, but won't. 
I could, but won't. 
It was early when I posted. Brain wasn't fully working.  .Didn't expect it to climb up the comments this fast either o.O I guess ass is polarizing. Who knew?  I will never understand. Boobs. Boobs are where it's at.
Good for you.
Props to you, man..This reminds me of some dumbass that posted pics of his sisters and, within 30 minutes, people were harassing them on facebook. .Also, what gen corvair?
second. It's a 66. 
Sexy car.
I can also confirm his Corvair is pretty kick ass.
This interested me more than pics of the ass in question.  How about posting some pics of the car to .?
It's a hot rodded version, I've posted it to r/cars before. I will have to check out the other sub when I get home. 
Cool, they're beautiful cars.  There's a light blue one that lives up the street from me.  I see it parked all the time, but I've never been able to talk to the owner.
They are indeed beautiful. I was captivated by the coke bottle shape that influenced so many of Chevy's later designs. All I did was accentuate the long low lines of the car. Mines lowered, black and has a bit of an attitude. 
So you're saying you . want internet points for betraying a friend?.o_0
Yeah. I know.  I'll ask her if she'll allow it. But i doubt she will. She's a pretty outgoing personality, so what I'm saying is, .. 
Why did you bother making a claim that you know her if you aren't going to prove it?  I'm not saying you have to provide proof as I don't care in the slightest, but you have no validity making any claims of that variety without proof.
Why bother?  Cause I know her. Because knowing that she shares those famous attributes with her grandma is interesting and comical to me.  I find it interesting that her grandma pops up often on reddit and people are still impressed by her. .Refusal to post proof though, is because I respect her privacy.Her image isn't mine to share. I'm not going to just not comment because I can't post an image. Her ex husband is my best friend. I introduced them. He's also a redditor, (I introduced him to reddit too, I'm a bad influence.) he can chime in if he wants to..If there was interest, perhaps she could do an AMA. That's up to her though. I've been trying to push her into the spotlight since I met her twelve years ago. She's got some interesting stories to tell. 
Also, Her last name.  Charisse is a made up word.  Only people in her family have that for a last name. Pretty cool.
Greek Origin...something like Kharisse or someshit. She told me once what it was. Charisse is actually Cyd's first husbands last name. He was her Ballet instructor, dance troop leader. Her real last name is totally different. Cyd is mostly Greek and Italian. Her grandaughter looks just like her, but the kids I had with her granddaughter are blonde haired blue eyed babies. They are beautiful kids...but did not get any of the exotic features. Pale skin, big blue eyes and blonde hair from a greek and italian mom...you can thank my Irish Heritage.
Moon of my life, my sun and stars? Oh, wait...
because s/he wants to add information to the conversation and doesn't give two shits if some snot nosed kid on reddit believes her nor does she need stupid karma points to make her feel important?.edit: extra word
Basically that.
dat buttock
dat ass is plump.

Dat pooper 
Came to make sure top comment was "Dat Ass". Pleasantly surprised with result.
I bet it smells like farts..Edit:  I regret nothing.
I laughed...damn immaturity got me again!
Yeah real fucking mature.
Logged in to upvote.
And "dat buttock" was mature?
his username is...
God Damnit, good show.  I need to be more observant.
dat derriere
dat caboose!
I haved coaxed u into a snafu on le brink of breakthrough
Let that smiling bulldog loose and put some juice in your CABOOSE!
Not my fault. Someone put a pretty lady in my way.
You called?
Dat ass yo! 
She has a nice butt.
[deleted]
I certainly appreciate the opportunity to gaze upon her buttocks.
Dat poop chute.
I don't usual get behind these movements butt I just couldn't sit on it any longer. .Dat Turd Cutter.I'll see myself out....EDIT- If this is my most voted comment I'll take it....even if it is negative
Mmmmm....Check out that exhaust fan!
Yuck
Nope. Its done. 
Killed it.
Dat username.
It's booby traps.
das what I said, booty traps!
It's a trap!
Listen to that whale song! Such wonderful fat logic. I bet you think I just can't handle da curvz of a real womin!
No I think you don't handle the curvz of any woman or you wouldn't have to post on . to make yourself sleep at night. That and you fell for literally the shittiest troll bait. 
booty traps, not booby oish.
Uh... was her father a meat burglar? Cause it looks like someone has shoved two fine hams down her bottoms. 

I instantly heard "when you wish upon a star" in my head.
Would you like flies with that?
Won't you be by neighbor?
It's A Bugs Life.


If you look at it just right, it kinda looks like a bug version of Marge Simpson.
Is that a Preying Mantis?  I love them.  I haven't seen many where I live nowadays, when I used to see them a lot as a kid.  It kind of has me worried for them. :(
He thinks he's people.
It's like a children's show starring bugs.
Hi-de-ho, good neighbor.
It's nice to see he's happy with his hole-in-the-wall business. 
West Side Story
NO ONE CAN SEE THE WIZARD!!
Hello there, Marge Simpson-Mantis!
Hello. Sorry to bug you. 
Oh, you are busy? I will leaves...
Looks like Marge Simpson

Would you like flies with that?
OH you've come to see the wizard you say.
Photographer 
Get off my damn lawn!
Bug: "can I pretty please come in?" 
Romeo Romeo Wherefore art thou Romeo? Deny thy father, refuse thy name.

You been hangin' with the homies in the hood for a while now.
She'll be suckin gangsta dick by 13. Good job dad. You're already failing.
Damn it feels good to be a gangster.
who the fuck cares.
peace and rock.....she may be confused
------------->FACEBOOK.COM
Geeze didnt know I was on facebook
Please keep it on facebook.
Sup Brah.
 
Hey Ross!
Thug life chose her.
keep livin dat good life lil' emma, i know i am
she looks like she has already seen it all and now is just relaxing. very cute girl.
She's cute. And that hand sign she's making is offensive in the UK. Just sayin'.
TIL why I got annoyed looks in Heathrow.
There's a famous picture of Margaret Thatcher addressing a crowd after one of her election wins. She thought she was giving Winston Churchill's "V for victory" sign, instead she was making that hand signal and telling the whole crowd to "f*ck off"..I'm told that after her death "Ding Dong The Witch Is Dead" hit number one on the charts in England.
DEUCES BIAAATCH!  
I do believe your child Is throwing up a gang sign..... they just keep getting younger with generations. So sad... lol.She is a cutie
aww, thank you!
Why is this being downvoted

I know this thread is a couple hours old (ages in reddit time) and I can't see all the comments because my phone tends to hide some so this may have already been said, but why not start a petition on a site like change.org?  You're sitting on a gold mine of signees and could easily spread word to other LMU students and alumni and try to raise awareness outside of just reddit. (Disclosure, I have a friend who used to work for change.org so I'm fairly familiar with them).Edit: ham handed typos on my phone
Not sure what type of meal plans you have but if you can avoid giving them your money, do it.  Group up and cook your own meals, ramen, bread and w/e.  Hell go on a hunger strike if you really really hate them.  Never heard of college students going on a hunger strike over food, could garner quite a bit of attention.  
Don't let this go silently. Email the president of the university and let him know that a corporate giant shouldn't be entitled to replace an established mom and pop business..Email: .CC his executive assistant too: 
It's a sad world we live in now that every business you can possibly imagine is already being run by giant government corporations... There is no room for competition because no new business can start up. Pretty soon we will be living in corporate states and not countries/continents..Upvote for the couple and their dream.
When I was at TCU a few years ago, there was a massive student outcry over Sodexo taking over our food situation. It was over a much different issue: Sodexo made it so that students couldn't take food out of the dining hall, and every student was required to purchase a meal card if they lived on-campus, even if they never planned to eat there. The school's response was essentially "too bad." The food quality dropped, everyone was forced to eat in a set place without being able to leave (we had to get special permission to take food out to sick friends, etc.), and the entire situation generally got much worse, despite all the students rallying against it..Sorry to be a downer. I really hope you have better luck than we did. This seems like a very nice couple and Sodexo just sucks.
If they do manage to open up "replacement services" you need to make sure that you guys boycott the hell out of them.
you should definitely contact your student government (.). contrary to popular belief, there is power in both student leaders and students when it comes to influencing administration. i have been in student government for three years during undergraduate, although there can be some negative perceptions towards them, student government leaders can definitely start a movement against the closure of the coffee cart. also having some media exposure like school newspaper can help too.
How are we gonna let a French company do this on American soil
You won't be the first student body to be disappointed by Sodexo, and probably not the last.
Yeah... That's how the big boys do business..Enjoy your roasted-to-black shitty coffee from now on. Remember this when you next vote for a government paid for by big business donations.
I'm finally in my senior year at Loyola Marymount and I'm stoked to get out. This coffee cart is only one of countless unethical moves made by our administration. I suppose that this should almost be expected by a private university, but this school is a platform for many inspired students launching non-profits, running their own service organizations, etc and LMU does not at all reflect that. They give us ethics manuals, mission statements, all the jazz but they are a business and their exclusivity contract with Sodexo means a lot more to them than that coffee cart. .That being said, I sent emails out to the admins because I'm about that iced thai coffee with boba.
Where is your school? 
Something you have to consider is that LMU isn't going to invite them back because they are probably contractually obligated to Sodexo at this point.
Sodexo did this at my school too. We used to have a bunch of really good food trucks on campus but Sodexo shut them all down. Now you only can choose crappy, overpriced Sodexo food
I'm happy that the campus I went encouraged food carts on campus.  I will write a letter.  This stinks - those people look so sweet.  Good luck to them and thank you for fighting on their behalf.  
I've worked in Higher Ed for almost 9 years. This is a very common practice for them, unfortunately. They make decisions at a macro level without actually looking to see if it would make sense in all locations. The food they provide is utter crap. The restrictions they place on campus food is just as bad. We couldn't have a birthday cake brought in from an outside "company" to a building on campus without getting it ok'd by Sodexo. WHAT!?
The college that I plan on attending currently has Sodexo.  I attended an Enrichment Program the staff was very friendly and the food was alright at first, but later on down the line it began to taste horrible and so repetitive to the point where most of the kids who attended would just buy something from a nearby restaurant even though the food was provided free of charge.  I was also able to see the outrageous prices that the staff and college students were being charged for their meals.  I just hope that by the time I arrive they will be free of Sodexo.
As someone who had sodexo food services at a previous college all I have to say to this is FUCK YOU SODEXO I will do everything in my power to make sure they do not get rid of this great coffee cart
Upvote because fuck big companys...and that couple looks sooo cute!
If the whole contract thing doesn't work out, could they possibly do their food business on a nearby student's property on or off campus? Maybe cut 15% to the student for his/her property rights and the rest go to Jimmy and Sung?
As a micro roaster, this is upsetting to hear, I will do what I can!
Software engineer from India and I totally agree that the Sodexo food is shit.. They were running the canteen in one of my previous company and it suck high time..
Sodexo has a monopoly on all food sold at my university to about 15,0000 students.  They are absolutely terrible and embody corporate greed.  Absolutely despicable pricing, food, service and management.  .These people seem great, and I honestly hope they can stay at your school.  But years of student complaints against Sodexo at my school falls on deaf ears.  They don't care about our opinions because their contract doesn't end for quite some time.  In short, screw sodexo.
I noticed a lot of people are annoyed with Sodexo and their business model so I took the liberty to create . . This way we can organise something and possibly (hopefully) do something in order to get Sodexo to get its shit together..Mod invite has been send to .
But someone else that has some modding experience would be helpful so reply/pm if you're interested.
This is the kind of thing were students can actually make a difference. At my uni the bus service was heavily subsidised by the uni but charged ridiculous prices and they claimed it was due to fuel expenses etc. Then students rallied up and the uni took that subsidy money and bought out a local bus company. Now due to competition bus prices are incredibly cheap. Student rallies will never solve any problem that is down to the government but they can solve problems where the university has an active say. I really hope this works out for you. 
My respect for your post. Keep up the fight. Greetings from Germany
We just had a mom/pop deli forced out of an office building so they could put in a Panera Bread.  Good job bringing this story to the masses, I sure hope it saves them.  
I hope you have better luck than we did. When I was in college we had a similar student run coffee shop on campus. It was termed dispite the huge outcry over it. Even a fine dining restaurant owned and operated by the school (in a very small textile town to provide a nightlife for professors) got cut because sodexo wouldnt fund it and wouldnt let the school fund it privatly because it violated the no competition clauses even though it had been there for 20 years
Aww they look really freindly! Sodexo was contracted to do the catering at my A level college but they were kicked out the year before I started because they were univerally hated by students and staff. After that the college organised its own operation and it was brilliant, we had lovely, dedicated and talented staff who went above and beyond the call of duty to feed us heartily and healthily. The guys a year above all said it was an immeasurable improvement..TL;DR - Sodexo and others like them give zero shits about you or what you eat. If you have the opportunity to scuttle their plans, pls do. 
You wont get anywhere with a facebook page. as a student, you should have access to the student public portal which should contain the e-mail addresses of all students on campus, or maybe there is somewhere else you can get said email addresses. Contact each student directly with a large scale email blast informing them of the injustice. direct them towards the facebook page and request that they activly do something about it against the big corporation. .Another strong area is to contact the teachers asking for their oppinions. if you can get the teachers on your side thats a HUGE victory as they will have alot of influence within the school along with direct access to higher ups with a bit more impression behind them than some students. also contact news papers / tv stations. 
Uh, fucking Sodexo, where you can get a soggy tuna sandwich for like 4 dollars. What a piece of shit company.
...Boston Tea Party? 
You should contact alumni through a newsletter or through a listserve.  Get support from within the ranks of LMU alumni and personnel.  You'll have more support that way, and if it comes to raising money you could probably get a lot more that way too.  
All the food companies give a percentage back to the college, so the college makes money off it. That's why Ma' & Pa's coffee cart, which is probably awesome, is getting kicked off. Horrible. Never worked with Sodexo, but it's probably the same as ARA.  These companies WILL leave if they aren't making enough money, I know they left our campus. :)  In a hurry. We ended up, hiring a private person to run a coffee/sandwich cart.
Welcome to the plutocracy that is our country. Sadly there isn't much anyone can do because we've allowed corporations to become so big they are now bullies that care little for our words. The only way to do anything is to get almost everyone in your school to not buy anything from coffee bean but the system is set up in such a way that there are too many people to possibly unite. I really hope for the best for you guys though. 
I endured 8 years of Sodexo crap, ended up having to bring my own lunch because I refused to eat overpriced, bland food, ended up also losing a lot of weight as a result since Sodexo tend to use a crap ton of bread, that and all the processed meat. 
A smaller coffee place was ousted by a bigger chain on the campus where I work. There was a lot of anger, claims of boycott, etc, but after a couple months no one seemed to give a shit..As much as people want to fight for the little guy, they're largely too spineless to go without their coffee. 
The college I attended most recently had a deal with a catering service that meant no soda/snack machines could be placed . it was through them, and basically all food/drink served on campus had to be through them as well..The result was that classes held after-hours or on weekends basically couldn't get any food or drink (aside from water) on campus, because the buildings with vending machines were locked. Trying to get machines installed in common break rooms for those classes was not only a chore, but basically not viable financially speaking thanks to the charges. In addition, the food served everywhere was horribly overpriced for the terrible quality -- a slice of pizza would cost as much as you would expect to pay from a gourmet pizza joint, and it was about on par with what you'd expect to find in a 7/11 at 3 AM. A codified monopoly kept them from having to worry about any startups moving in, which is a shame because it'd have been a hotbed for them otherwise.
I wonder what would happen if NO ONE ever patronized the CoffeeBean cart... If it's worth suffering without coffee service for a while,  picket/ boycott the new stand.
Something similar happened at my alma mater as well. I wish you good luck in saving your Coffee Cart..RIP Cuban Pete's







yea as a former sodexo employee in the UK there just assholes. i worked for them when i was 16 and they never paid me on time once and also refused to pay me for several functions as family members of mine were attending. apparently because my relative was there i was deemed to be a guest volunteering. .i hope your coffee cart couple come out on top of this, sodexo don't need the money hopefully there can be some sort of compromise.  

We had sodexo at Pitt and they went on strike one semester. The school brought in replacement cooks and it was amazing how much better the food got. I miss the replacement cooks.
Why not do a "bag lunch day" or "bag lunch week" to prove students can make an impact simply by not buying food at school in support of this cause.  If you have 1/4 of the students on Facebook supporting the coffee cart it shouldn't be very hard to organize.

A couple spend their life savings to start their own business and live the american dream. Big business forces them out. That's the american reality.
LMU '08 here.  .Sodexho's management and food quality was a huge problem when I was there too.  We were able to rabble rouse and get a few changes made through petition, and other formal channels.  The school will respond if your voice is loud and unified.  .ALSO:
LMU is tremendously image-conscious.  Not only do they have a very clearly articulated commitment to social justice,  they are trying to raise their profile and compete with USC/UCLA for preeminence in LA.  Hit them in the PR nuts.  Go beyond the Loyolan.  With the burgeoning public awareness of problems with the food system and "BIG FOOD", your story may get traction in local media..Keep fighting, and good luck!
LMU, you liars.."Does the institution seek to support historically underutilized businesses, minority-owned businesses, and women owned-businesses? :"
"YES"."Loyola Marymount University supports many different historically underutilized businesses on campus. One such business is the Lion Caf Cart which is managed by Sung Park and Jimmy Yu, who are subcontracted as principle owners for coffee cart. The coffee cart was started as a part of the Student Governments Sustainability Program in 1998. Also, bread products in the Roski Dining Hall, Crimson Lion Restaurant, and Lions Corner Caf are all purchased from Homeboy Industries. This company assists at-risk, recently released, and former gang-involved youth to become contributing members of their communities through a variety of services in response to their multiple needs. In partnership with Sodexo food services, LMU is part of SodexoMAGIC which effectively provides flexible, innovative and comprehensive service solutions that have unrivaled broad consumer appeal to the marketplace."

I work for Sodexo in management,  starting a new job soon so here's the skinny. .The contract is fairly ironclad. The issue is that if the student union accepts the contract as is,  you're going to have to wait at least a year to renegotiate the contract. You can't get out of it for a year matter what. .In that year you can complain,  alot. Student complaints should be directed to the UNIVERSITY NOT SODEXO. Sodexo doesn't care if students are happy they care if the "client" is happy,  ie the university. .They operate on a system called "participation rate" where the money spent on the "board" portion of room and board is mandatory and you participate by using them or you don't. They dont want you to use the swipes. They operate on an assumed 52% participation rate. If you go over the number they lose money they planned on making. .Complain to the university. Alot. Catering events are assumed to lose money, the more of them you order the more they lose money. Catering is assumed to be a service to faculty not the students so much. The cheaper "shoestrings" menu is priced cheaper for students,  use it a lot then complain about it every time. Get faculty to complain about catering events. Get students to complain about working conditions. Direct it to the university. .The university is Sodexo's client and you are the university's. Their job is to keep the client happy..Tldr; You screw up the participation rate. Complain to the university about everything. Tell the university you want the cart back, a lot.  

Start a student body petition. Get your alumnus involved! Anarchy! 

I went to LMU in 09 and ill tell you this is not surprising. I left in the beginning of the second semester due to medical reasons and they would not refund my $12,000 I paid at the beginning of the semester. I literally had attended 3 weeks of classes before I had to leave. 

I've never had the luxury of enjoying coffee from this cart but i fully support what is going on here. This happens far too often and is ruining our society. Sure we need the big brands but there needs to be room for the little guys too and squashing them isn't going to help things here.
Poor investments shouldn't be rewarded.
Someone has already gotten to Sodexo's ..
Let's blow their Twitter up, kids!
LMU cafeteria workers recently fought Sodexo over their appalling working conditions and won.  They are now a part of Unite Here Local 11, and continue organizing for their rights as workers on your campus.  Reach out to them! They hate Sodexo, and know how to fight them!  .I worked in a cafeteria managed by Sodexo in the LA area for four years. You're not the only one on your campus, or in LA, who is fighting this company!
Down with Sodexo!! I went to school at Fordham University and they did a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad job at making food.
Universities are stupid for even contracting big food companies.  They should help promote the idea of small business and create a school ran food service.  Tie the business departments into creating the plans, and if the school has any kind of culinary department they should allow the students of that program to work in the kitchens.  Let the business people think of ways to efficiently run a program that offers low cost but food to students and allow the culinary departments to create the meals and allow them the freedom to create healthy options that are total crap.
They could even have the marketing departments find ways to actively advertise for them.
You know like maybe let the students get experience with real life situations.
The campus Associate VP Auxiliary Management and Business Affairs, Ray Dennis, and his email address, can be found on the lmu.edu website. I assume from OPs post that Loyola Marymount in CA is indeed the institution in question. Incidentally, the campus store is run by Follett. .Outsourcing in and of itself isn't necessarily bad. However, people lose their jobs or retirement plans when these things happen. The megacorp in this case, Sodexo, no doubt pitched to the Aux Services veep that they would make more money by going with the chain of services.  They probably have statistics to back up this. I would not be at all surprised to find this new coffee vendor can accept the campus' one card and the quaint older couple did not. I recommend yelling at the campus guy instead of Sodexo. 
The original name of Sodexo is Socit d'. Hotelire..This doesn't really have the negative connotations in French (or other Latin based languages) as is English, but still....Edit: For those wondering; This roughly translates to, "The Society of Hospitality Exploitation".
It's funny because they run of your patronage and funding to even remain as a College. This is a fine example of what is wrong with our Higher Educational system, it's completely outdated and run like a corporation.
So what can we do? I want to help

Sorry, but they made a bad choice to go to a college campus, universities are just as soulless and profit making as any large organisation. 
As someone who has spent the last three years at UVM eating extremely expensive garbage, fuck Sodexo. 
I am a student of LMU and this couple is legit! We need to sign a petition to keep them on campus. .There have been numerous times when they have been more than generous because I forgot my one-card or was short of change. It's little acts of kindness that make a private institution appealing to me as a whole
Sodexo food tastes like fossilized troglodyte shit. I have eaten their crap at the last three schools I have been too and each time it seems to have gotten worse. When I did the math on my meal plan it turns out that I was paying just over thirty dollars per meal for stuff that was so bad that if I was at a restaurant I would have felt within my rights to ask them to make it again or refund me.
I work on a college campus. Believe me, when these kids want something the administration listens. Spread the word on campus and get some parents to complain about this. 
I worked part time at a hospital gift shop that was pushed into closing by Sodexo. They over priced stuff even higher than the gift shop once sold things. They carried little of what the original shop once carried and when people complained about the selection or lack there of, the manager simply said it wasn't their problem. They keep going through staff because no one will work for them long. .The company also took over the cafeteria and fired the entire staff that had been at the hospital. They put the prep area together so poorly and in a rush, that they have had to shut down sections for days at a time so they can repair shoddy tile work or poorly built fixtures. 
FUCK SODEXO, They did the same thing to a sushi joint in town that also sold sushi at school. I was a Sophmore at school when we change to Sodexo and within a few months so many terrible changes had taken place
Jesuits are not wimps, historically..Pickett, boycott, and shame the new company. Call newspaper and get a press release, write letters to faculty, and editor of paper. Whatever reasons they go tell you, tell them they are BS.  Inform the Jesuits of the current Pope's socially aware policies, and above all don't buy coffee from the new guys..Meantime, write letters and emails by the ton to anyone who made this decision.  Sodexo does suck.
Make this a Petition on Change.org!! I love your story and would love to sign a petition you make! I joined the facebook group and will definitely e-mail
Sodexo ruined my favorite beach eatery. It was great until the city managed to run out the small family owned business in favor of this monstrosity.
You're at a university.  When shit went someway we didn't want, we basically closed the campus, congregated, did a sit in the presidents office, etc..Have them stay on campus.  They don't need to sell anything.  Tell them to register for a 1 credit class so that have reason to be on campus and then they 'give' away coffee, etc, but there is a recommended tip for the service..That way they arent violating any sales bylaws, they are just students giving away coffee and other students are tipping them for their service.
America is a capitalistic country, so money talks. You need to hit Sodexo and the campus in the hurts. 
Big social media presence, not just twitter. Web site, linkedin, twitter, Medium, ect..
Talk to every news org you can, start wiht HuffPo (they love a good outrage, and use REddit stories all the time).
Get a really good story about the couple going. Talk about their children, how they got started, how many Alumni LOVE them..
Supersize your campaign in every conceivable direction. Eventually something will stick, and Sodexco will see that attention=/=money... hopefully.
Based on the comments, something is seriously wrong with the entire concept that in a free market society shit companies will be put out of business due to shit business practices..It sounds like Sodexo does absolutely everything wrong, except make money. How does a food services company survive, thrive even, when their food sucks across the board?

Can you link the facebook group? Thanks

The best thing the student body can do is to boycott the new business once it opens up. If they aren't making any profit then they will leave. Be sure to annoy the hell out of the school president with complaints as they have the most power on campus after the students.
Shameless plug... If you are/were a student at LMU, please check out our subreddit r/LMU
I had never heard of Sodexo, or their unethical business practices around the world until I read this post.  .You have changed this. Right on.
I'm an LMU alum and went to this coffee cart every day. These people are so sweet and truly dedicated to what they do! It's disgusting to see the LMU administration side with Sodexo, who students have had issues with for years. Loyola Marymount prides themselves on working towards social justice, and I am truly embarrassed to see something like this happen to people who simply don't deserve treatment like this.
Graduated LMU not surprised Sodexo did this shit! Surprised LMU - with all the out reach and community service - would allow it! 
At the small convenience stores/grocery stores (also run by Sodexo) they sell small cups of Greek yogurt for $3.00 each. If I buy from Costco, they're less than $1.00. So I had this idea where I would buy a bunch of stuff from Costco and turn around and sell it! Like I'd buy the Greek yogurt for 1, sell it for 2, and make 1. Get some real free market in this bitch!

Sodexo is too large to tolerate. Boycott on sight.
I know I saw this 10 hours post, but I am going to put my thoughts in in hopes you see this. I support you fully. With a breach in contract like this (if there is a breach in contract), SodexoUSA should help with future planning and they seem to be monopolizing nation wide. My former University and maybe my next one are both SodexoUSA employers for food services. With some digging and some looking around we (the college community/ college alumni) can preserve campus individuality by seeing if there if we can find grounds to press for a monopoly law suit..TL:DR: I'll help how I can. Sodexo is getting a little to big for it to keep doing bad business practices without some punishment..
EDIT: contact my reddit account with questions if needed.
For reference people, this is occuring at Loyola Marymount University, located in Westchester CA in Los Angeles. It's a somewhat small Jesuit university that's been around for a number of years. .Sodexo is the company that effectively controls all food on campus, which helps when they charge absurd prices for food and try and eliminate competition. 

Sodexo made the same move at Kenyon College and was supported by the college president. Beloved long term employees and the local coffee shop called Middle Ground were axed in favor of corporate takeover. Good luck. They are a behemoth corporation with no interest in human cost.
Everyone who is saying to boycott Sodexo must forget what it's like to be a poor college student. I could see just boycotting the new coffee cart but without my meal plan in college I wouldn't have been able to eat
They must not have saved very much, or coffee carts cost WAY more than I thought...
Apparently they work quick, the Houston Press just tweeted a PR piece on them - 
ron swanson has a thing or two to say about your request.  let capitalism be
Exclusivity contracts are a huge sign that there is some sort of corruption going on.  This isn't a problem with Sodexo (though I'm sure they suck), it's a problem with your school and who is getting paid to force out independent businesses.
I figured this was sodexho. I've never seen a company claim to have the students best interests in mind, then fuck them over so hard. I had a roommate who actually couldn't stomache the food, had a doctors note and everything. Had to sue the school and present the doctors note to a judge to get his meal plan refunded after sodexho moved into our campus. Still took them 14mothe to issue the check..This was before the company had Danny Glover arrested for protesting against them.
I'm guessing from LMU's location and size that you probably have a slow food club of some kind. No idea if they are effective, but they will be your friends on this. Student government is also a good place to look for sympathy and help. Since you're having a problem with your food service provider, Organize as many communal meals for students as you can. You'll have to work out the logistics, but having a "Screw Sodexo Social" with a minimal cover is a good way to raise awareness while warning sodexo not to mess with you. The best thing is to be unpredictable and swift..The best way to force people to take notice is to put Sodexo's contract in jeopardy. There's probably no legal reason that you could have it terminated now, so you will have to make them think that they are going to lose it. Heck, you might even go so far as to make them lose it. Chances are, if you have Sodexo, people aren't too thrilled with the food anyway. (If you're looking for a replacement, I suggest ., they are pretty good for a big company. The best way to have in-house staff, but I think it's clear that isn't going to happen.) Find out who negotiates your school's food service contract and talk to them. If they are unworkable, go over their head to a Dean, the  president, alumni, whoever you have to. Alumni are usually willing to put down ridiculous amounts of money for student folly, so you should be able to get some support for this..I don't know the campus, but if there's any viable spot that's public land, try to get the couple the necessary permits to sell there. Then you have time to engineer the removal of sodexo..The biggest thing you're failing at right now is that you aren't constantly reminding everyone to join your facebook group, donate, whatever. Your story is buried in the comments, and random strangers aren't going to take the time to look for it. Contact everyone and anyone you think of. Give people no opportunity to miss helping.
Where I went to school, Chartwells, the shitty catering cartel, made the school sign a contract forbidding ANY sales of food or drinks on campus that weren't through them..My fraternity had to stop doing many of our fundraisers, like Bach and Brats, where we would grill out brats, sell them to students for $1, and have student and teacher ensembles play Bach compositions while everybody ate.  It was awesome, but it was against their contract..Same for selling pizza and soda to the kids at solo and ensemble.  It really sucked for the kids coming to solo and ensemble, seeing as how the only dining hall that was open over the weekends was on the complete opposite side of campus, and there weren't any restaurants near the Center of the Arts..Fuck all of the College Catering Cartels, they are part of the reason why tuition is so high, and their food usually isn't very good at all for the price.
When there is competition, the consumer wins. Economics and Capitalism 101, the leadership of your University should enroll in that class this Fall.
Sad story, but no one should ever dump their life savings into a business that is 100% reliant on a yearly contract which has no guarantee of renewal.  Plus, I highly doubt they spent that much money on a food cart..Also, they can set up 1 block off campus.  Possibly a high-traffic area where students walk by frequently.
Can someone tell me how it costs someones entire life savings to buy and run a coffee cart? 

I'm not sure how it works in the case of the article, but in high-traffic/high-volume areas, vendors often have to pay high license fees to operate..Here's a crazy example: ...So it's not always just the cost of a cart and supplies. :)
Just saw this on twitter:
Sodexo USA, Inc. @sodexoUSA 3m
Regarding the Coffee Cart situation at Loyola Marymount University -- Thank you so much for your comments. 
 . 
Many college students would kill to have a unique coffee vendor of their own. They can brag about the unique things they have and the relationship with the people who run it and everything. It is a great part of the college experience. Unfortunately I went to a school that was completely taken over by Sodexo... Everything was overpriced and didn't taste too great. They charged like $7 for a pizza and soda. We had this little area across the street from campus that had a few food shops which competed with them. Sodexo then decided to open a sub shop on my school's campus. A week later, a Subway opened in that little area. I ended up going to the Subway a lot more, because even though it's not always the best food, it tasted better and was more fairly priced. Same with the Dunkin Donuts in that little street over their coffee shop. I'm not even going to begin comparing the little pizza place to Sodexo pizza. I know Subway and DD are big corporations too, but hey, I'd vote for those two to take away customers from Sodexo any day, it's just that bad. .I'll try to support this couple any way I can from here for many reasons, but if nothing, they frikin make Boba tea. That stuff is good and I'm pretty sure the two shops that are trying to replace them won't have any. If they do, it's probably gonna be some cheap knockoff that tastes like total crap.
as someone who eats Sodexo food every day, i hate those guys
Two Words: FUCK SODEXO..They did all the food at both my high school and college and fuck. them. 

Ugh, sodexo... 
Wtf is kosher coffee? Source: I'm atheist but because of where I live I'm fluent in Yiddish 
Sodexo runs food services out of University Of Southern Indiana..They are a shit company. They pay horribly, treat employees like crap, and the food is horribly overpriced junk..Contacting sodexo will do nothing, they are only in it for the bottom dollar.  They know they are shit and they don't care. .Contact the school, the school is the one with the power to hold them to higher standards.  Also get your school to dump sodexo totally if possible.  They charge a lot and do not pay their employees a living wage. They pocket huge amounts of money for doing a terrible job. They thrive on government/education contracts. I assume they bribe administrators at these places to get such contracts.
I saw Sodexo take over the catering business in France when I was a teen. Good, affordable food run by family-sized businesses replaced by expensive crap. Didn't know they went on globally. Makes me sad. 
Sodexo/compass are why I lost a pretty cushy job. Was with compass at a community college cafeteria, Sodexo bought contract , cleaned out all compass staff.
If you give this to 4chan, they would be on Sodexo's ass right now. 4chan seems to get shit done more than reddit.
just the name of the company SEDEXO sounds evil... like one of those companies who pollute the environment and produce their food in some evil warehouse using the cheapest of quality. 
I personally think that colleges should keep out private businesses from their service contracts.  These contracts restrict who can and can't sell product on the campuses, and they dictate prices, it is very anti consumer, and bad for the students and faculty.   Colleges do this to save money on the actual running of the lesser structure of the business end, so they can focus on the actual institutional end, but what this means is students end up paying more for their books, and even more for concessions and food because of the fact that the contracts the school signs is based on lowest bid contract with highest payback percentage rates.
So what do you want us to do?
FUCK sodexo. I've worked for them as a cashier at a college cafe, line cook at said cafe, and also in their campus catering branch. The amount of bullshit that goes on in their management is RIDICULOUS. .They regularly stole automatic gratuities and tips from employees working HUGE events that were GROSSLY understaffed. .There was NO tracking of food wastage, and the pans and pans of extra food that would inevitably be left over from every catering event (certain chefs at this school had a bad habit of assuming everyone ate like the obese pigs they themselves were, and making way too much) would NEVER be donated to local homeless shelters or food banks because corporate was worried about any possibility of getting sued for giving somebody food poisoning. .Supervisors and managers and regular employees alike REGULARLY got high smoking weed on the night shift when the higher-ups were done with their 9-5 jobs, ditching me to close up a kitchen that should have had five people working on it. And so when I would clock out after the time I was supposed to, I would be the one reprimanded..Worst job ever, but desperate times called for any employment I could get. 
Sodexo is a joke. I went to a meeting they attended with the intention of having them install seats for the (mostly) woman staff at the cash register. They all suffer from long hours, joint problems, varicose veins, etc. The Company literally laughed in my face. Needless to say they did not care about their employees.
Sodexo/my University (not sure which) tried to do the EXACT same thing back during fall semester to the nice Asian couple that saves us from eating the gross slop that Sodexo prepares. Honestly, my advice is to get the students involved as much as you can. A strong student body support goes a long way, trust me. A group of students even started selling t-shirts to illustrate the extent of the students' outrage. .Sodexo is honestly a terrible, terrible corporation. 
While I appreciate the sentiment... think about it. Do you really want them to work in that sort of environment, even if they are granted a lengthy contract? They would probably enforce absurd, random requirements or make their experience working their uncomfortable if not bad. Whatever happens, I hope they're able to make a profitable happy living wherever they choose to work.
If they broke a contract, then [put money together to] sue them. If there was no wrong-doing and you're just grumpy, then boycott their products and wait them out..Or just get indignant for a week or so then give up, like your fucking generation always does.
Never thought I'd see my school at the top of any popular subreddit, let alone reddit itself. 
Hey. I went to Loyola Law School in LA, LMU's Law School. Graduated in 2012. A year before I graduated they did the same thing to out coffee cart family. They were a really sweet Korean family, husband wife and sister. Great people. But yet again, the same catering company who runs out cafeteria ran them out and told us they were going to bring a Starbucks. It never happened. Instead we had to drink the shitty catering company coffee. Long story short, it's really sad, but it happens. Moral of the story is, Koreans make realllllllly good coffee. 
There's a huge Sodexo building near my house.  I'll go have my dog shit on their lawn.

This happened at my college a year before I started going there. There was a family run Chinese restaurant in the student union that ultimately got replaced by an Aramark supplied Panda Express. I was really mad about the school screwing them over, but nobody else seemed to care.
ITT: r/pics is the new rallying center for sob stories. For bonus points, please include the word corporation. 

I've just got a job working for Sodexo, (at my local uni) [will post proof if requested] fuck them after reading this.
LMU students have protested before and nothing really happened last time.

I spent my childhood in a small 4000 inhabitants village in Normandy, France..We had a small primary school where the local cuisine was run by a chef and the food was organic and handmade..Turns out the municipality decided to sign a contract with Sodexo to serve industrial food to our children..Your story sadden me, I don't know what I can do but all of my best wishes goes to your fight.
Wow that sucks man. My brother went to LMU before transferring but has a lot of friends there still. I'll get him to tell them to go complain to the administration or try and organize something if you need extra bodies. Message me if you need help and I'll work on it.
Wait a minute. Where is the ABSURD reason? The campus chose to go with another catering company. End of story. I thought they got removed because of race, or because the school wanted to pay absurd prices. I know its fucked up but, there was nothing "absurd" going on here. Just a business transaction being conducted. The couple should have covered their own asses. And to hell with the campus. Nothing "WRONG" was done here, but it is really shady and pretty fucked up.

Get everyone to boycott that shit

I had a Jesuit education- do what they would do- no one buy the coffee supplied by the new company. Easy 

That would be too late to save the existing business, which is what they're trying to do.
Get the student body involved. Boycott Sodexo (don't buy from them)..LMU is concerned abt money. Get alumni and LMU student network to speak out against this. Instead of donating to the school, donate to a fund for the coffee Cart couple. LMU alumni donation is a huge source of funds for the school; threaten that and you might have more bargaining power than you think..Contact local media (they will eat this up), and the garner the local mayor's support. Think big!

WOW! They sat right outside of Seaver. I use to get stuff from there all the time before I graduated last year. 
The way to fight this is to use the alumni..If alums have fond memories of this couple and their coffee cart, a letter to the alums explaining the situation and asking them to contact LMU stating that no further donations will be made to the school if the situation isn't rectified will speak more loudly than anything the current students can do.
TIL, Sodexo is a horrible company that serves shit food to almost all of the world.
If we can get a girl her pizza party, we can get this school their coffee cart!
TIL, Sodexo is literally Hitler.

I'll send over some pizza.
Been a lurker here for a quite a long time, finally going to comment on something. .This same exact thing happened at my school. We're a small science school located in West Philadelphia. The cart known as Linda's Cart operated everyday from early in the morning until about 4 pm for many, many years. Linda was wonderful, she knew everyone's names and orders. Even though not contracted by the school, they did use a power supply connected to the school. Once Sodexo found out about this, they immediately asked that the cart move off of campus. After one day of not having the cart on campus, the student spoke out. Usually busy spending most of their time in the library, they actually acted out.  There was a campus wide blackout, with t-shirts made that stated "SaveLinda." They organized basically a sit in right in the center of campus. The news media got wind of what was happening and even sent a reporter and news crew. The President of school eventually came to agreement with both parties and Linda was able to keep her cart on campus as long as she didn't use any of the University's power but instead a generator.  She thanked the students by throwing everyone a giant barbecue with free food and drinks. As a science school, there isn't much to look forward too, but the students did come together and try our best to help out. We were able to save the cart and we hope you can do the same!.Here's a link to the news story!

We must stand up for what is right and defend the coffee cart! These hardworking people deserve to continue their business without sodexo intervereing and wipping out all the hard work that this couple has done for us students

You know who is really good at stopping big business?  Consumers.  Respond with dollars..People complain about Starbucks too, but I live in the NW and pass 4 of them on my 6 miles commute to work and every single one always has a line.
The problem with University Food Services is they usually have a captive market.  Students are forced to pay for the services thru enrollment fees whether they use it or not.


Sodexo is responsible for human rights violations at several schools. This has got to stop. We tried to raise awareness / create positive action at Emory, and this happened: 
"Human rights violations'? You got an example?

Here at Fordham, we were rated worst campus food in the entire country.  So, after due consideration of the problem, administration announced that they had renewed our foodservice contract with Sodexo.  Yay.
For 10. More. Fucking. Yeeeeeaaaaarrrrssss!!! Moved off campus, cook my own food. The White Castle got an A from the Department of Health when our kitchens failed... THE FORDHAM ROAD WHITE CASTLE!!!

Seriously, go to the LA Times or local news and tell the story. Knowing LMU, they will hate bad press since all they care about is their money making. Start to give them a bad wrap and then they will listen. And forced to actually address the issue or favoring big business over community. It's a hot topic right now.
A bad wrap:.What Sodexo serves. 
Looks like LMU and Sodexo just gave you guys a free course in Business 101.

Business Ethics 666
Good luck in your fight. LMU can often be reasonable if you network with the right people in power. I suggest mentioning the Jesuit mission as often as possible..Go Lions!

I graduated in 2005 and their cart used to be in front of Foley Pond.

OH THAT CART. Yeah, I remember now..That sucks.
Sodexo ran the cafeteria at my previous work location. Oh so many times I'd dump $8 on my lunch, take it back to my desk, take one bite, take another just to be sure the first wasn't a fluke, then just dump the whole thing in the trash..Sodexo: Consistently proving that not all French cuisine is good.

Just because the company is French does not actually mean they are doing French cuisine. They don't claim making typical French cuisine either and truth is, with such a big corporation, your food is not even French, nor are the cooks. And I'm sure the menus in Sodexo cafeterias in America do not look even French..You just provoked my French pride.

wow, never thought I'd see my old school on the front page of r/pics, I definitely support this for the sake of Jimmy and Sung and for the LMU student body

I don't understand what they spent 200k on.... a 5 year contract? A cart doesn't cost 200k...
Where does it say they spent this much? Couldn't find it in the story or comments...


where are you getting $200k from?

That's what I was thinking. I own a full size food truck and it didn't cost that much. Maybe that includes the concession rental for the permission to vend in the university. 

In which case they didn't lose 200k, they would be up to spend another 200k on fees if the contract renewed. 
Which all brings up a question. If all Sodexo cares about is making money off the sub-lease, then why didn't they just allow Jimmy and Sung the chance to bid for the space? Why would Sodexo prefer a particular vendor (Coffee Bean, etc.) over a bidding war that would make them more money? 
Sodexo demands exclusivity.

Hmmm, perhaps you should start a student petition? Try to get any local newspaper or media outlet to interview Jimmy and Sung? School newspaper?
We've already contacted the local news station and the school newspaper. We have yet to contact any local newspapers though. Thanks for the idea.

Start an online petition. Get the Reddit community involved in signing it. You need to show your school that not only the students, but the rest of the country cares about these people and their coffee stand. I'd sign it.

Upvoted because Fuck Sodexo, shit prices for shit coffee.

That's horrible and sad. What can we do to help?

Give them as much bad publicity as possible. Bad publicity cuts into profits, and because that is the only thing many corporation pay attention to then they may pay attention to this.

I think one of the best things you can do is get as many people as you can to tweet Sodexo and write on their Facebook wall. Attack them right at home base with bad publicity.
The problem is that there is no other option. They don't care about bad publicity because you literally have no other options if you are on campus. 

[deleted]

I remember boycotting them with a #3, Spicy chicken sandwich. Ordered that as a combo, love fucking waffle fries. Made sure not to come on the anti gay rights day. That showed them. 
Chick-Fil A is fucking delicious, even the boycotters have stopped boycotting them by now.

If LMU is supposed to be a Jesuit university, they are not really living up to that in this decision. These people put their trust in LMU only to be raked over the coals later. For what? So a large corporation can open up another franchise? A google maps search shows there is a CB&TL just 3 blocks from the school. Why would they need one on campus? Kosher food. The current coffee cart people can start offering kosher food if that's what necessary. But don't take away their business..Sodexo charges ridiculous prices for students at universities all over the country. I also got indigestion every time I ate their food. 

Yup! That's why we're trying to hold LMU accountable for the claims they have made in the past about social justice. Honestly, I would be amazed if this push did . get them to change back, as LMU is surprisingly receptive to student complaints. Not all of them (we still have a dismount zone, afaik) but plenty enough (my own complaints even have gotten to review committees and ended up in the newspaper before)

So, You're telling me that LMU would prefer a corporate entity over a 'mom and pop' shop... and they've justified it by saying other schools have CB&TL? .Why would anyone want every school to be the same? So much for diversity and uniqueness. 

The people on board who approved the Sodexo contract are financial buddies. The type of rich people who trade favors at the expense of the people they are supposed to be serving.
Part of the contract with Sodexo states that they are the sole caterer on campus, and they really mean it. I don't think LMU really realized what was going on when they signed that contract. Sodexo makes sense on a day to day level but they are really greedy when it comes to exclusivity.

I go to and work for (as a work/study student) a public adult school in Florida. .I recently found out that the reason all of our vending machines are Pepsi products is because they have a contract with Pepsi, which actually includes the fact that teachers and other employees are not allowed to provide "competing products" (i.e. Coca Cola products) at any school function. .So let's say one of our classes decides to have a "potluck" with all of the students bringing in food and whatnot.....the teacher cannot bring in drinks unless they are Pepsi products. Generally, to allay fears of bribery, the teachers don't contribute at all, but still, WTF?
I went to a boarding school for highschool and I would go to costco and buy a bunch of drinks then sell them out of my room for cheaper than the overpriced vending machines. .Somebody mentioned this to the fucking pepsi guy when he was restocking one day. Pepsi guy must have told his superiors, and his superiors contacted the school, who then told me I would have to get rid of my mini-fridges and I was not allowed to sell anything on campus. Apparently Pepsi had a contract also to be the only company that could sell drinks on campus. 
One of the higher ups at coke had a daughter that wanted to attend LMU, and the story goes that he wouldn't allow her to come unless they signed a deal with Coke (as opposed to pepsi, who had the rights prior). Well she goes to LMU now, and I enjoy coke products when on campus.
Because dealing with a larger corporation allows them to receive more under the table compensation.  Read: Kickback 
No, it's also about laziness, they can just have one point of contact for all food services and get revenue with very little effort.  Now they don't need to manage individual leases for small outfits like this coffee shop..This is a huge deal when you have budget cuts and limited headcount, you can't afford to have someone spend most/all of their time managing this stuff.  Every major corporation and school outsources this sort of thing with blanket contracts.

Came here to say this, although I find it more likely higher individuals will benefit instead of the university itself. 
even over-the-table compensation is most probably much higher with a corporation running things than with mom and pop selling coffee..OP said it himself, they sold things at a higher quality and lower price than average. therefore, lower profits.

LMU needs to see that students demand the institution stand by its community! 

All lmu cares about is money. These people really do not matter to them. 

It's really not LMU, it's the contracted food services company. Which....yes, all they care about is money, what a shocker.

If LMU wanted them to stay they would be able to. In reality they figured out a way that they could make a little more money a year and they went with it. Same thing with the parking. They say its to help with the lack of parking, but in reality its just to make more money. 

No, Sodexo has LMU by the nuts. They care about so much more than money..And don't even bitch about parking. They needed to fundraise for new parking structures and reduce the load on campus because the city of LA was fining them every single day for not providing enough parking.

save our beautiful coffee cart! jimmy and sung deserve better. 

I'll save it by giving an upvote?  Seriously...I'm on the other side of the country, and a lot of redditors are even further.  Good luck to these people, but shit homie, not much we can do.

Don't be such a pussy. Tweet, write a letter, send them an email, post this to your FB wall... There's tons you can do to help your fellow man, against .. .Shit, you didn't get to . with that attitude. Don't stop now. 

You're probably one of those people who think Likes and Shares don't cure cancer.
He probably doesn't even know about the cure for aids: Lots of money injected directly into your blood stream.


Full Story .: .A loving couple spent life savings to buy coffee cart at school (.), students love them and accept them as members of the community. .School's catering company decided not to renew coffee cart contract to replace 'mom and pop' stand with corporate Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf (possibly to receive "kickback" benefits)..Official statement says this decision was made to "best serve the community." - hypocrisy as Jimmy and Sung are members of the community and are not being served. .savethecoffeecart thinks this was a "middle of the night" termination to prevent any sort of backlash from students..savethecoffeecart asks for reddit's support by spreading story about . to help bring them and their actions to justice. 

Serious question here... What in the world is LMU? 

I believe it is ..
You are correct! It's a Jesuit University in Los Angeles. Jesuits are known for promoting social justice and service in the world (they're an order of Catholic priests) so the student body is pretty upset that something they see as unjust is happening to people in the community that they care about..Source: alumni, class of 2012


Apparently it's a university where literally every single student is on reddit all day, because this shit being at the very top of the front page is madness..(But seriously, it says "Loyola Marymount University" in the comment you replied to.)

It's at the top of the front page because Sodexo is contracted at a lot of American universities and U.S. military bases. They're a really shitty company and have been for a long time. I had my first run-in with them 10 years ago and they're still a horrible company.
Seriously, their deals even 10 years ago prevented us from doing anything on campus that served food without going through them.  I had so much hate for that company.

Okay, I am going Anon on this. I don't work for Sodexo but a different company similar in nature. I probably shouldn't be posting this... Want the coffee cart people back on campus? Here are some tips to do this:
* 1. Get student government involved. SGA has HUGE power when it comes to these things.
* 2. See when the catering contract is up. Encourage the University to separate out this portion of the contract so this company can place a bid. Also encourage competition. 
* 3. Sit down and talk with these people and University reps. Most likely there will be a loop hole in some contract that would allow them back on campus. 
* 4. Sit down with Sodexo. There may be other reasons why they wanted them booted. It honestly doesn't sound like this type of operation really hurts their business. 
* 5. Boycott Sodexo's current coffee house. Not now, but during the first month of the school year. Most companies fiscal calendar ends Sept. 30th. That means that the last month of the fiscal cal has to really make up for the fact that they are missing all the revenue over the summer. Even one day of lost business is like scraping the icing off of a cake. 
* 6. Look up in the University which staff member actually handles the food service contract. Start an email campaign to that person specifically. Putting Sodexo's headquarters on here is stupid. 
* 7. These people probably can make more money by opening up a coffee shop across the street... think about that. Pull the heart strings of local property rental companies around the campus to see if they are willing to cut these people a deal. If they are this well loved on campus, then they will get a following anywhere. Have students offer to work for them for free to get them off the ground. 
* 8. Call the health department on Sodexo. I've been to some of their operations, they will find something. .Remember, in a capitalistic society, people vote using the dollar in their pocket..The reality of the situation is that Sodexo is a contractor and they answer to the University. In reality, they probably got kicked off the University because they pissed off someone at the University. 

why open up a shop (re: #7)? just talk to the city and find out what permits are required to move the cart across the street..that's the only actionable option in this entire thread. alumni won't care, especially ones who have never heard of these people. and i've seen what happens when "popular" food service vendors are forced out by the contract holding corporation. lots of noise for a couple weeks, then everyone is getting their coffee at CorpoCafe without batting an eye..moving their cart within walking distance is their only chance of staying open and retaining even a fraction of their current market base (and possibly adding a bit from other sources)..fighting this is spinning your wheels. adapt and move on.

I like #8...
As someone who has worked on these things the two things most important are the purchasing/contacts officer for the university and the SGA. If you can find the SGA pres or VP, they can call a committee meeting over the summer and make a demand..The purchasing manager might not be able to change much, but they will have the contract with sodexho for you to look at..On my campus we threw sodexho out after years because they couldn't live up to their promises. Students make or break a school, and when they make demands the administration will listen. But, and this is important, persistence is key.


Seven would be the best advice in most other campuses.  Unfortunately, the way LMU is built, it's impossible to do.  LMU is in the heart of several neighborhoods in Westchester, Los Angeles, CA, and the only "streets" off-campus are covered in houses.  An alternative "Seven" would be to move the CB&TL to somewhere else on campus, but given the size of the campus (.), there's not many places that don't already have some form of a coffee shop.  So while Seven would be great for most campuses, LMU's campus just wouldn't allow anything like that to happen.

Seven!!!!!
It is. Similar situation happened in my college town. The owners of a small kiosk opened a small coffee shop across the street from campus. Within four years they had three stores in two major cities in the state. If students and locals support them then this coffee cart will come out on top..Has anyone started a Kickstarter for them yet?
I disagree, they've sunk their money in this operation and by all I've read here it's very successful.  A business's success is largely due to location.  If they move, sure this current group of student will know about them and some will remain customers.  That all stops when the student enrolling this year graduate in four years.  In that time period. Nobody will remember them, or what they did for the students while operating their business on campus.  .Additionally, all Sodexo has to do is lower prices to draw more students (poor students) away from the business across the street, until the business across the street is bankrupt.  It's mean, cruel, under handed, and it's ..  It's called 'forcing out the competition'. .One last point: Winters in Montreal do not lend themselves to 'running across the street' for a cup of coffee.  It gets freaking cold up there and they have this seasonal problem they call, 'snow'.  Down here, it melts on landing and even during the worse winters only lasts a few days.  Up there they coined a phrase, I think it's 'snow bank'.  It doesn't make any sense to me, as it's not a bank, it's just snow stacked up everywhere.  For months, like from October till April or May.

Considering this whole situation takes place near LMU's campus, which is in ., the whole snow problem is .. I don't know why you brought that up. That being said, finding real estate "just across the street" in California is a huge obstacle in and of itself.
.  If you just call the health department over and over and over then it's going to turn into a boy-who-cried-wolf situation and the health department won't show up when they really do commit a violation.  Make sure that you . all applicable federal, state, and local laws, regulations and ordinances regarding food preparation/selling/serving..Take pictures or video of the violation if possible!  Having evidence makes it impossible for them to remedy the situation before the inspector shows up in order to avoid getting caught..I'm also going to say that you should report . violations as well.  Same advice applies as for health code violations.  Read the law, understand the law, get evidence, and only report violations that you actually see.

And here's your post with linebreaks, with the extraneous asterisks removed:.Okay, I am going Anon on this. I don't work for Sodexo but a different company similar in nature. I probably shouldn't be posting this... Want the coffee cart people back on campus? Here are some tips to do this:.Remember, in a capitalistic society, people vote using the dollar in their pocket..The reality of the situation is that Sodexo is a contractor and they answer to the University. In reality, they probably got kicked off the University because they pissed off someone at the University. 
win
Seriously, I have no idea how to do this... 

You're doing God's work, son.

THANK YOU!! How the hell do I do this? 
Thanks. That was near impossible to read on my cramped phone screen...
Fuck, I saw this nicely laid out comment AFTER straining to reading the original one.
Where were you five minutes ago when I read that comment?
Screw that, where were you two seconds ago when I didn't scroll down to read it!

typing
These posts don't clean themselves.
[deleted]

Ahhhhh fuck Sodexo. 
They pulled a similar thing at my school with a local coffeehouse. 
@sodexoUSA -twitter
Holy shit I'm practically neighbors with them I didn't know such a big corporation is right next door.
weird to see something that is literally a couple of miles away from me on reddit
Well, what are you waiting for? Walk over there and straighten this shit out for us. 
Who do you think I am some kind of hero?

Everyone can be a hero with a can of fuel and some matches.

And somewhere, somehow, you just ended up on the NSA watch list.

I am ashamed that it operates out of MD.

Let's go picket that joint! It's right off 270..MOCO STAND UP

Upvote this street!

oh great, a coffee cart witch hunt.

Hate to break it to you guys, but contacting the company isn't going to do shit. What you should be doing is contacting the school administration.

Well that's no way to drive this pitch fork train! 
Yeah I was really confused to see that comment so far up and your comment so far down. Why would you contact Sodexo?
Right? Besides, this is how I picture many of the phone calls going (if a real person picks up at all)....Angry Mob Member: "Hi I'm protesting your decision concerning the LMU coffee stand."."Oh really? What school do you go to."."I don't go to school.".<click>
As a recent Alum from LMU I can say these guys are awesome in every way. Contact the school administration! But they really don't give a shit, which is unfortunate because the students really love this coffee cart.

ask for battletoads

or be mature about it and explain your concern?

ehhhhh we'll put it under consideration.
and he was so sure that this was /b/
Battletoads it is!! 

I'm concerned about their stocking of battletoads. 

Im concerned about the quantity of battletoad copies that are left 
about battletoads.
Nope.  Battletoads.
Update: I have to go to a meeting soon, but before I got.A starting point to issue complaints. 
Twitter: @SodexoUSA.Full Story:
They've run the coffee cart on campus for five years now and are beloved by almost all of the students on campus. They often worked from early morning to late at night, providing everyone from coffee, tee, and muffins to clementines, boba, and cider. The coffee cart is their livelihood. They are not only hard working, but also kind to all of the students who go to them and are seen as members of the community. Ask any recent alum about the coffee cart and you would be sure to get a smile and a small story..Yesterday the student body received news that the catering company LMU has contracted, Sodexo, has decided not to renew the coffee cart's contract despite their popularity with the student body. Their contract originally came up for renewal in december of 2012, but Sodexo convinced them to agree to month-to-month extensions until July of 2013, assuring that it was completely normal procedure. They had in fact been specifically directed for a Sodexo official to visit in August 2013 to sign renewal. Instead, before August even came, the couple was given a termination agreement that Sodexo stated was fully within the range of their contract. At no point before or during the seven month period was there any mention to them that Sodexo was planning to change their dining options. Sodexo reneged on the contract agreement an in a breach of business ethics clearly kept information from the couple which would have allowed them to plan for their future. Sodexo plans to replace the unique and individually run coffee cart with a Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf. It is another example of a big corporation (Sodexo earned 1.2 billions dollars of profits in the past year) trudging on the livelihoods of kind and hardworking people..The official statement released by the school states that it is a decision to "best serve the community", and that it is an opportunity to bring kosher foods onto campus. It even states "Many schools operate Coffee Bean Tea and Leaf franchises on their campuses." But at no point were the wants of the students ever considered. We don't want to be like every other campus. We want to keep our coffee cart that is a unique part of the culture and spirit of our campus. We want our school, a jesuit institution, to live up to the standards it has set for itself: Be socially just, open to small groups, caring, and loving. This is barely represented in the "compensation" the couple is being offered: an opportunity to work for the Coffee Bean cart as hourly wage employees. This is barely due compensation and amounts to forcing them out of business and hiring back in a demoted position (no longer owners, but workers under the jurisdiction of a large brand name). If they are going to be hired back anyways, why not just allow them make the sought after changes and stay in charge? The most probable reason is financial kickbacks from Coffee Bean, but the school would never come out and say that. .I believe that Sodexo specifically chose this time, the middle of the summer when school is not in session, to conduct a "middle of the night" termination to minimize the student outcry. If there was some forward announcement that the contract was not to be renewed, students would have had time to organize and state their opposition and possibly prevent it from happening. If this was their plan, it has failed, as a Facebook group called "Save the Coffee Cart!" was created and has seen an immediate response, growing to 2100 members overnight (over a quarter of the student population).  .All I ask of you Reddit is to spread this story and hold Sodexo and LMU accountable for their actions by bringing attention to them.  Sodexo, a company whose ethical principles are "Loyalty; Respect for people; Transparency; Business integrity" has exhibited none of those by their recent actions. LMU, an institution founded upon Jesuit principles is violating its own principle of "the promotion of justice". An institution is defined by its actions, and not principles. .Please, help us bring true justice.

I hate corporations....they are soooo corporation-y.
Normally, I try and wait to hear both sides of a story and not react with the same knee-jerk that so many people on reddit have when they hear that some corporate boogeyman is up to something. But as soon as I read the word Sodexo, I immediately started rooting for these two. Fuck Sodexo, they made me hate food. All their food is complete shit, like nearly inedible. I hope everything works out for these two and that the students, faculty, and staff of your institution get at least this one reprieve from poops Sodexo calls food.
Why not boycott? Clearly, sodexo wants money. If you don't give it to them, they have no reason to stay. The only thing is that it would require a campuswide effort. 
Can you mention the full LMU name? Not everyone knows what LMU is. 
Also can you link the facebook group url? .Thanks

Make some t-shirts and go from there. How far will you go to stop this from happening? 
The best thing for you all to do is to not buy shit from them.  Drive them out one way or another and money is a damn good way to tell someone to kindly fuck off.  .Sad story, please keep us updated.  
don't have time to read all the comments, but just an idea if ALL ELSE FAILS, they could obtain a permit from the city to sell on public property (i.e. the road right outside the school) from a motor vehicle (i.e. roach coach) to sell to you guys. Maybe the school could have a fundraiser to buy them an old ice cream truck or something. I know this sounds shitty, but shitty things happen. Also: a campus-wide campaign to refuse to buy coffee bean and tea leaf crap if they oust your privately owned coffee cart. duh.
If they had a lease with Sodexo, did they own the cart/equipment? It really sucks, but could they try and get a new place just off of campus (looking at realistic solutions)? I'm the daughter of a former small-business owner, so I understand some of their burdens..Also, doing shit during the middle of the summer sucks. The residents around my university planned a protest against expansion in the middle of summer, and it was like, really? Any other month there would have been huge counter-protests. 
LMU doesn't have much off-campus presence. We're in the middle of a residential zone on one side and we're situated on a bluff (mini cliff) with protected wetlands and more housing on the other side. .They'd lose all the business they had at LMU.

School always change policies over the summer. Less resistance. They changed our school mascots name over the summer while all the students were home.
Sodexho/Marriott force out the local hot dog stand guy that would park NEAR campus.  They came up with some absurd distance regulation that no other vendors could operate within.  We were bummed.  This guy operated after hours when there was no other food service offered by sodexHO's.  .That company sells the shittiest foods and they don't want you to be exposed to real flavor.  That's their business plan.    .The joke at school that I'd commonly make is that they "waved the wand of flavorlessness" over the food.  
Directly from SODEXO website:."Conducting business with integrity is fundamental to a successful mission and strong values, and essential to promoting Quality of Life. Unwavering ethical and legal standards empower employees to conduct business the right way  with clients, customers and everyone with whom we do business in the communities we serve. Sodexo ethical principles are based upon trust, respect, honesty and integrity.".Providing our clients stellar services is our business, providing these services the right way  with integrity  is how we do business.. George Chavel, President and CEO SODEXO

Just curious what University is this in reference to?
I was wondering this too. You'd think th name of the school would be one of the. First things mentioned.

LMU - Large Midwestern University?
That's probably the one. 
Loyola Marymount University in Marina Del Rey, CA.
LMU Alum here...god, i thought i was gonna contribute to this conversation somehow but everything i type is a giant bitch fest. If that school were a person, i'd of smacked them upside the head by now. Many times. For common sense's sake.
Fuck LMU. I graduated from there too. Fuck that institution and their politics. 
As an alumnus of LMU, contact your Alumni Association and let them know your feelings in a respectable manner.  This helps if you have given large amounts of money, but could get something started if other Alumni complain in large groups and gifts are at risk.
OP, perhaps you could edit your post with information for people to contact Sodexo about it? Or start an online petition for people to sign? SOMETHING that makes it easier for people to help out since most people won't go out and do it on their own.

their twitter is @SodexoUSA , we could all tweet at them

Sodexo opened a Starbucks ripoff coffee shop/smoothie place at my University,  and it is mediocre and overpriced. .Also, I worked for them some years ago and was a dishwasher in the campus food hall. One day in the kitchen and I will never eat there again. It's filthy, cheap, and unhealthy food that no one should pay the amount we paid for it..They also mistreat all of their
employees, pay shit wages, and have shit holiday scheduling. They're the fucking worst. The nicest lady i ever met had to work three jobs because they wouldn't give her a raise after she had been with them for YEARS. Fuck Sodexo.

Take my upvote and use it well in the fight against Sodexo.

Best comment in this entire thread.  What the fuck are we supposed to do about this?  Get really mad?  Grrr..I'm so mad!  I'm going to write a letter to the appropriate offi.....oh wait, I have a litany of personal problems I have to deal with.  Sorry, person of the internet, this fight is yours.  Godspeed.

You need to organize a mass boycott of ALL Sodexo establishments on campus. The only way this company will listen is if the money stops pouring in. Seriously, organize volunteers to stand outside every storefront and turn students away, citing sodexo's bullying practices. See if there are ways around the school's vendor policy so that the couple can keep serving coffee (for example, it may be possible for them to "give away" coffee and accept donations - you just need a reason for them to be allowed on campus, if even that). 

Sorry to side track, but I can't quite wrap my head around this.  Why do you need kosher options?

Damn. I love coffee and small businesses....not to mention that couple is just adorable. What can I do to help.
the mistake was in contracting work to sodexo
Sodexo is fucking awful. At my school they require every event on campus that is serving food to be catered by Sodexo, and if you just buy the food and hold the event, they send you a bill for what it would have cost if you had used them. If you don't pay this bill, the school puts you on financial probation and Sodexo hires a collection agency. My fraternity almost went under a number of years ago because of this. It's ridiculous.

Jesus...that's insane.
That isn't even logical!
Sodexo is shit, and my university recognized that. They had their contract terminated and they are not with the school anymore. If I remember correctly it was very student run. Just try turing the tables on them you never know how far you can take it.

Dump Sodexo was a 2001 student run campaign that succeeded in removing Sodexo from many campus cafeterias.  .It can work.

Read until you mentioned Sodexo and my blood started to boil. Went to a school that uses them. Hate them with a passion.
My suggestion would be to organize a student body boycot of the new company. If they make no money then they will be force to leave....  The student body can then suggest their re en statement.

The problem with that is small businesses usually can't just hold up and wait for the big businesses to fold. Like how Walmart can operate at a loss long enough to drive small owners out of business and then people don't have the choice of where to go/
The problem is that the students probably care enough to 'like' a facebook page, but not enough to walk an extra mile to get their morning coffee.
We are putting plans in place to start boycotting as soon as the fall semester starts. If they do not listen to our current demands then the boycott will commence. I'm hoping to put together a campaign to encourage students in apartments to make their own meals every day, and also reaching out to food trucks to see if we could organize days for them to come to campus to give an alternative choice. 
Putting in place a boycott is a good idea, but you can start now with a signed pledge over the summer. Something simple: "We, the undersigned, pledge to boycott completely Coffee Bean & Tea or any other franchise installed by Sodexo. We will not purchase any items, and will proactively engage strangers to the area to boycott, as well." If you are able to get the signature of all or most of the student body, that is a major step forward and will get the attention of the administration, and Sodexo, too. 
Make sure you put these two peoples' faces on the boycott so it's understood why it's being done..A lot of people will just instantly resist the idea of a boycott because they associate it with "hippies" or "liberals" etc etc.

Hey! Alum here. Excited about what you're doing. Some questions for you:

This reminds me of Starbucks suing a tiny coffee shop on Haida Gwaii (A small island in the Queen Charlotte islands off the coast of Northern BC).. because they called themselves Haida Bucks. .I mean seriously, they had to go out of their way to even know this place existed.. sometimes big companies need to just fuck off. 

Yeah. I've just become so angry hearing about stories like that, and when something like this happens in my own community whose foundation is apparently seated in the social justice and community betterment. It just put me over the edge and I felt like something had to be done. I don't want my campus becoming an advertisement billboard. 

Uh, could it be that Starbucks has a legit claim because it's called Haida Bucks? I mean, I'm all for small business, but don't do dumb shit with the name that's gonna get you in trouble. If it's a coffee place, it's pretty clear where the ____ Bucks inspiration came from. 
So i shouldn't call my pavement supply store Tar-Get?

That is more of a trademark issue. If they didn't come down on people using similar names it would dilute their own trademarked name and open them up to others using similar names. If they find out about it they pretty much have to bring legal action. This is one of the cases where it's more about the current intellectual property system than big corporations. They almost certainly lost money on that lawsuit.

Yup - Kleenex lost their trademark because they didn't go after people. 

Do you have a reference for this? From what I can see, Kleenex is trademarked..I know people often say "Kleenex" to mean any tissue  -- just as they'll say "Band-Aid", but I can't find any evidence that the trademark was lost. Wouldn't other companies then be calling their products Kleenex too? 

Fuck Sodexo. Mello yellow (yea it's still a thing) was told to quit giving away free soda on my campus because Sodexo said so. Fuck that.
Mellow Yellow is fucking delicious. Fuck sodexo.

I have no idea. It is a complaint that I have not heard from a single student. I personally think it is an excuse to hide deeper motivations. 
Well, just because you haven't heard the complaint doesn't mean it isn't out there. If someone needs kosher food, complaining to random passerbys and friends, is probably not going to do anything positive. For example, we all know the stereotype of the annoying vegetarian/vegan friend that always talks about their diet. No one likes that guy. So, people tend not to complain about specific chosen dietary needs to friends. It's not because you don't care though. It's because they don't want to be that guy. So, the community may be directly complaining to the school's administration..However,  if there is anyone on the campus (student or faculty) that truly needs kosher dining, coffee/tea and whatever basic food stuffs they serve isn't nearly enough. In fact, my friends that ate at a fully stocked kosher deli, at my university, started getting sick of eating the same food over and over. Coffee/tea and snacks would both not be enough and would drive someone nuts if that was all they had..Saying it's to bring kosher food to campus is a faux politically correct reason. It's difficult to argue against bringing kosher food to campus because it makes you appear antisemitic. But, it's obviously a bullshit reason because if they truly wanted to bring kosher food, they'd bring some sort of substantial food..It's an unfortunate situation. In my opinion, your movement to keep the couple and their coffee shop should definitely include how you believe that kosher dining is good, if not necessary, but it shouldn't be done through a coffee/tea shop. Otherwise, it'll be easier to vilify your efforts as insensitive.

Well, it's a Roman Catholic Jesuit school right?  I mean... not a whole lot of demand for kosher in that circumstance... and on a coffee cart how hard could it be to meet that standard anyway?.Deeper motivations indeed.

51% of LMU identifies as catholic. There are a bunch of jewish kids and a big jewish center. .But it's still a really bad excuse.

I was proud that our campus had a Jewish group, and I'm happy to support them - but it's really not a reason to change brands. If anything, that's a conversation to have with the coffee cart owners.
This, Do you really want kosher foods/coffee that taste like road kill for increased prices that will just profit a billion dollar company, aswell as putting a nice family business out of work, instead of just bringing this up with them in an easier format?
TBH I think given the option of throwing in some kosher food or getting their business taken away I imagine the couple in the picture would gladly purchase some kosher shit to resell.

Well, instead of trying to fight the big corporation and the university, why not start a kickstarter to help them open up a coffee shop as close to campus as possible? Wouldn't that be a more pragmatic approach?

Read the stories above about large corporations shutting down food-service within walking distance of campus in order to monopolize the situation. An off-campus site would be a huge loss to them, and probably not even worth it at the cost. It's much better to have an invested community willing to speak out against this heinous decision. 

Our campus actually renewed the Sodexo contract a year or two back. When the negotiations where happening, the quality of the food rose dramatically. We had bread bowls and salmon, and special items we had never seen before. And right after they got the contract, the food went back to the same old gruel we had before. I hope if the students make enough noise we can stop this mistake from happening in the next contract cycle. 

Sodexo can count on student bodies churning over every contract cycle so they can pull that shit and most of the students won't remember it.
Hahaha.  That's classic corporation right there..You see the same thing with every new popular product from large food companies..They make an awesome new product, everyone buys it, they get a huge market share, then some "genius" executive with no actual ideas comes along and decides to cheapen the ingredients, make the portions smaller, etc etc.  He puts together a power point with all the money they'll save. .A couple years after you first tried it, it's shit..Take Hershey's for example.  Their executives' genius idea was to stop putting cocoa in chocolate.  You're a chocolate bar company, and the best idea you can come up with is to make fake chocolate..This is corporate America.  Never innovate when you can just fuck people.

This past year they seemed to have improved the Lair. Still god-awful and glad I moved the fuck out of LMU. Always hated the institution, so glad I've graduated. I fully support the Korean couple; my Freshman and Sophomore year relied on the Taro Boba- crappy as it was, it was great ordering from the couple; always nice people. 
Sodexo even . like an evil corporation from a dystopian story.
I think it sounds like a huge ass house-cleaning corporation. or a brand for cleaning agent. something that has to do with chemicals or plastic.

Sodexo food is delicious when there are visitors on campus with money, and atrocious the rest of the year.

Are these bastards anything like Aramark?  Because Aramark is the spawn of satan on earth here in Canada for the university I'm at.  They treat their employees like crap ( cant get time off for family funerals ), and they charge the maximum value for the lowest quality shit food because they have a monopoly.  How the fuck does my university have a BUSINESS faculty while harboring a complete business monopoly over all catering, food services, and room rentals?  Oh wait, they get paid off big for that exclusive ....Edit: Case in point, Aramark wants you to pay 25 mother fuckin cents to get hot water for your OWN tea bag in your OWN cup with your own fucking honey.

We have this problem in Calgary. Sodexo has been outed by Chartwells here, who are equally as bad. When I went to SAIT, Chartwells eliminated all but one of the student-run cafeterias. No meal was under $10. They had a "great" meal-card for students: Same pricing, but if you load the card up with $250 or more, you get a $20 credit..When they chased out the school-run breakfast shop in the construction building, they made breakfast sandwiches $4 each. A coffee was $3. It was more worthwhile to hike for 10 minutes to the nearest Timmy's..Hell, Chartwell's "feature" is .. Fucking revolutionary!

Sodexo is just like Aramark. I used to work for them at my university, but after they drove employee morale lower than its ever been I had to quit. They don't care about employees, and their turnover rate is atrocious. Their prices are so overpriced it's crazy. $6 for a medium sized salad with around 2 oz of baked chicken. No thank you.

That's illegal.

Ever work hourly for low wage? They won't fire you for that, they'll let you miss that day. Next week though after your shift is over? ."You messed up another order this afternoon and it has become an unfortunate pattern. I'm very sorry, this just isn't a good fit and we're going to have to let you go. We will mail you your final paycheck, is 8814 Chester still your correct address?" 
Either that, or they'll start cutting your hours to the point where you have to quit, because you're not making enough money to cover your expenses.

Bingo. If they can't find cause, think that you'll sue them, or want to avoid unemployment payments, that is the next most popular method.
I'm sure you can sue if you have reason to believe that they are cutting your hours to force you out. Eg, you have the same hours for 3 years then only yours gets cut by half over the course of 2 months.
I bet the stores are each individually franchised separate corporations, employing less than 50 employees.  Or some such crap to stroll through that loophole or another one.

We're currently conducting an email campaign to administrators to see if we can get them to change their minds by expressing that this decision runs completely contrary to the will of the student population and community. .If these efforts fail that exact idea to start a kickstarter is one of the courses that has been suggested.  .There are two prongs to this:
1. Injustice to the couple
2. Disregard for student opinion.By fighting the corporation we hope to address both of those.

I work for a University. Call the Presidents office often, and have your parents do it as well. Your SGA should also get involved. You would be amazed at how much power the University President wields, and how easy it is to bring things to their attention. A few hundred calls a day will SERIOUSLY get noticed.
I also work for a University and second this - Presidents/Chancellors/Deans (whoever is either the head of the University or actually runs the University) do not enjoy having a large group of students complain about something to them. If the issue is big enough to warrant a couple hundred calls or emails a day, something will be done within the week, guaranteed.

If you do have to resort to a kickstarter, please let Reddit know, because I'm sure there are a ton of people on here that would love to help. Best of luck though trying to get their cart back :)

It's idealistic to fight this, and I support your efforts, however, I know how difficult it can be to undo a decision based purely on community efforts. .I hope that you can convince the administration to change their minds, however, I think the sooner you can get an alternate plan going the better, because these people, I'm sure, can't afford to lose their livelihood then wait around for people to help pitch in to start a new business. I would say get that going as quickly as possible. .If you are able to convince the school to give them back their location, you can donate the kickstarter raised funds to charity. .Also, use the community goodwill generated here as leverage - you can help them get a small business loan, donations from the community. They need to act on this sooner rather than later.

The administration has nothing to do with it. It's 100% Sodexo. President Bircham could make all the stink he wants, and I bet he's just as pissed as the students, but at the end of the day he has no control. 
Not entirely true.. he can inform them that if they do this, the school will cancel their contract with Sodexo

It's possible! My college peers hate Sodexo and ultimately the voice of students will be heard.

Thank you for the story. I linked it to the facebook group.

When I was in college about 10 years ago, one summer I worked for tech services as an intern and lived on campus.  My school contracted with Sodexo as well, and in order to live on campus, our rent automatically included a meal plan.  There was no way to opt out..During the summer, the school was very much open and occupied by students attending various language schools.  Each dining hall would have two shifts, one language per shift, as language students were forbidden from speaking English.  The summer student employees had only one choice in dining hall and only 30 minutes to get in and out..For $750/month or so, I don't really remember as it's been so long, we got a dorm room, with a roommate.  Most of us who stayed for the summer were international students, myself included, who were on work/study programs and really couldn't afford to fly back home for the summer.  .So, I made a survey and emailed every single summer student worker, asking them if they wanted the option to opt out of the meal plan.  Lo and behold, 95% + responded affirmatively.  The survey required that each participant log in using their active directory password to ensure each person could vote only once.  Administration listened.  Two weeks in to the summer session we were given a choice..A few days later, I found the support of local farmers and students open to supplying us with food.  It was essentially a super CSA for us.  Students bought in to this, we had daily fresh produce and local meat delivered, and grilled every single day.  Rain?  Oh well, salads.  Boo hoo..Administration taking notice, I met with the director of food services and the college president.  Asked for composting facilities and space to garden.  Granted.  .Yadda yadda yadda, two years later there suddenly was a campus house where students during the normal academic year could opt out of the meal plan.  The school provided rototilling services and equipped the house with a kickass commercial grade kitchen.  We cooked for ourselves and developed an outreach program with our state's DCF to help educate low income people on how to eat more healthfully and economically..And Sodexo was let go.  The College now has its own dining services using local and organic products where possible.  They compost and it goes into the various gardens around campus.  All because of an online survey, respectful mobilization of students, buy-in of faculty and staff, etc.  .Alice Waters is still my hero..TL;DR: Use the interwebs to mobilize your peers, be respectful, be persistent, get the faculty and staff on your side.  

Welcome. About four years in the making but maybe you guys can come up with something crazy productive to help your cause! Small business is the key to America's prosperity.

It was and needs to be again, anything in giant clusters is too big for everything to be monitored and allows for too much corruption..Governments, schools, cultures, businesses, etc..Indian tribes use to split up and move miles away from each other when the tribe hit around 70 or 80 people, cause it was too hard to sustain and keep everyone happy.
I am supportive of your actions to support small businesses and preserve the fabric of your school community. However I think you should focus your messaging:.Based on your earlier comment Sodexo acted within the rights of their contract, otherwise the couple would have legal merit to pursue this though the proper channels. The company reneged from a . to continue renewing the contract, and there isn't much you can do about the couple's poor business judgement..There are no such considerations as "business ethics," and Sodexo appears to have complete control over the food operations in your school. The company pays royalties to your school (what you have called kickbacks), for which it is afforded such control. Furthermore, Coffee Bean will pay Sodexho fees as a "tenant" and likely a percentage of revenues, the sum of which I can assure you is larger than what the couple generates for Sodexho. However, you may want to check if your school has veto rights over new stores that it could exercise within its contract with the company. .Failing that, you would need significant student or administrative pressure to make it clear that Sodexho's contract with the school will come under increased scrutiny if they fail to show goodwill on this particular incident. Your student government may have input on these matters, it will be an advantage if this is the case. Overall it will be incredibly difficult unless there is a strong collective voice from the students and Sodexho's contract is actually up for negotiations in the near future..Focus your message, have three key points outlining the social, economic, and ethical implications on your school community. Avoid complaining about the "$1.2bn company" and breaches of contracts unless there legitimate concerns. Look into the school's contract with Sodexo. Most of all, spread the word. Good luck.

In the state of Tennessee, a verbal agreement constitutes a binding contract.

Only some oral contracts are enforceable.  Specifically excluded from oral enforceability is contracts with longer than 1 year duration.

Without looking specifically at TN's laws, I would wager to say they have some form of a Statute of Frauds..Likely under their version of it a long term lease agreement would require some sort of signed writing.

It does pretty much everywhere in the United States, however, assuming the original contract was written, any modifications to it must be as well, therefore the verbal agreement isn't binding. 

I'm with you, but:.I'm not sure it's poor business judgment. They didn't have any other alternative.  Switching from an annual contract to a monthly one was surely a warning sign to them, but what were they going to do?  They are subcontracting with Sodexho, who owns the contract with the school.  Even if they were 99.99% certain this was a sign of the end of their contract, it's not like they would have just been able to start selling directly to the student body..Their choices are either subcontract through Sodexho, or don't own a business at all in this location.  They are entirely at Sodexho's mercy.

Boycott the crap out of Sodexo when they open their new coffee stand.  Stand outside of it and inform students what happened, hand out flyers, etc.  
I dont understand why everyone is targeting Sodexo.  They are not going to listen.  The decision on the issue lies solely with the University.  That's where to apply the pressure.


this is a good idea, if they still put in the other shop just make sure it makes no money. 
 would love this one as well.
Let me guess that little piece of wood is from a canvas? I have too many of those laying around

Nope. Not going up there cat. you can just stay locked in there are starve to death, idiot. 
It's so small I can't even imagine it being so effective as a doorstop.  
I'd keep an eye on him, next time he might change the locks.
Reminds me of the time, rather, times, my cat managed to engage my security deadbolt that had a little play in the knob...
Who the fuck installed that threshold? That's not how they are supposed to work.
Maybe post in . ?
Even more sweet sweet karma awaits you here . . . 
Sleep with one eye open, your cat is smarter than you think.
That sooooo was the best laugh I've had in months... Thanks......
And this is the reason we can't have cats as the other intelligent species on earth. They would treat pretend to be our friends while secretly treating us like crap. Can you imagine their Machiavellian mechanizations?
 
please x-post to .This is amazing.
Reason #960078 why I'm never getting a fucking cat.
Spoiler: Cats are assholes 
Your cat is smarter than most redditors.
Awesome. 
Good security.

Your cat is smarter than you and you are Spiderman.
you're telling me you weren't strong enough to move that...? fuck sakes reddit.
You must be very weak. 
What's the purpose of the block besides cat door jam?
You could easely break that away.
As my imaginary friend Jensen once said, 
That threshold is installed backwards
You should name him Scott
Trollcat strikes again.
Shoulda used a little force, that small thing woulda went flying across the room.
My dog once locked me out. She kept jumping on the door and ended up turning the key enough for it to happen. I was wearing shorts, it was really cold and my phone was inside. Had to wait 2 hours until someone got home to let me in.
your cat is genious
Why have a carpet gripper for a laminate floor that you also have a piece of dowling as a finisher on? 
What's that wood-looking block? A part of kid's toy?
I know it's not a picture of a cat, but the people over at . would probably love this. 
I wonder what the cat was buying time for.
Couldnt u have jabbed it with something from the otherside.  
The hinges are like 10 cm from the block, pushing that open, making the block fly straight up in the air wouldn't require much force at all
so set fire to your filthy cat
Quirridor? 
you could just stick something under the door to move it?
bullshit
all cats areassholes
What am I looking at?
Or you could have been a man and pushed that shit open. .Just to clarify I know what I'm looking at. Pulling the door shut hard and then forcing open would have allowed OP to get the door open. .OP is a woman with the strength of a child. 
See, a dog wouldn't do this shit!
Maybe the cat was warning you
Honestly, I would have taken this as an excuse to kick a door down like a badass.
Why not just stick a ruler under the door and knock over the block?
Why couldnt you poke your key under the door and dislodge it?
Tell me how you couldn't just push a little harder?
Rest easy OP!
Ha, you have a cat that is also a dick. Guess that makes you the vagina in this relationship. 
will do
Lol.  Hanging artwork.
Title correction 
Your door doesn't open outward? That's not a bit of a safety hazard?
I'm pretty sure doors in homes of any kind swing inwards for privacy and also, in apartment situations, so you don't accidentally assault your neighbor that might be walking past your door as you try to leave.
nice! Thanks. Never even knew about this one. 
I could have knocked the door down, I didn't want to cause any damage knowing the window was open. I climbed in before when I locked myself out. 
You wouldn't believe how well it jammed the door.  Trust me, I'm 6'4" 200 lbs. It was going to hold longer than the hinges would have. 
thats incredible then, and I retract my statement lol 
the door would have open in you kept hitting it with small kicks.
Hindsight's 20/20, isn't it?
You could have solved this issue by using your "peepers" and something like a stick or a pencil..Are you often outsmarted by animals?
I'm 6'4" 200 lbs. I figured climbing in the window was better than paying for a new door. 
Unless your door is relatively thin, a kick to a locked door will bust the wall where the dead bolt goes in. A kick to your door, which I presume is a normal front door so it is solid, would have just ruined the gold colored plate at the bottom. 
That's probably true, and seeing as it's installed incorrectly, I should just take it off anyway.
You couldn't have prodded it out from underneath the door?
Not without being able to see what it was, I'm guessing. 
i call bs
Your dick left it there and then your cat sucked it !
Why wouldn't you just poke something under the door to push it out of the way?
Why not just poke something under the door to move it out of place?
You should have used a stick or other pokey object to poke it out of place. Problem solved..You clearly did not think things thru.
Have climbed in the window when I was locked out, and I knew the window was open. .I had no fucking clue what was blocking the door, but no I did not come across the possibility that it was something so small it could have been knocked out of the way by an envelope, yet jammed the door that well... 
You can jam up a door with pennies too.
Later that day I found myself walking around looking for other small objects my cat could knock in the way, then thought to myself "These are the actions of an insane person." 
LOL! wow, I never even thought about it. The maintenance in this building is uh.... comical.  
Couldn't you had just shoved a credit card under the door and shaken it around for a bit?
Maybe, if he was psychic and knew why the door wasn't opening.
or OP just  put a small piece of wood there?
Fake
I totally would have busted the door down, and then proceed to beat that pussy.
Fake. 
Need confirmation? 
Are you sure it wasn't the dog? Cats are such angels and we may have a libel case against you. 
Easy to say when you have vision from the opposite side of the door. I imagine it was hard to tell what the obstruction was before he got inside.
I'm 6'4" 200 lbs, I could have torn the door off the wall if I wanted to pay for it. 
I was doing laundry.  I had no money, no phone, nothing but my keys. So glad my window was open. 
You know, I never thought about it. A few people pointed out the threshold is installed poorly.  The laminate floor was poorly done.. The maintenance in this building is ridiculous.  Two loose phillips head screws will remove the lock from the back door.  It's in a nice neighborhood, it's just silly. 
cool just seems an odd thing to have on the floor.
well it . on the workbench. 
Probably because they didn't realize this was the problem.
Something I cut out with a jigsaw to hang a piece of artwork. 
An evil genius. 
that last word or your title: you spelled "cat" wrong.
that 4th word of your post: you spelled "of" wrong.
OP obviously couldn't see what was going on behind the door. It's not really wise to just start smashing away at the door because it won't open.
This.  I've fucked up a door or two in my day. They aren't too cheap...
It's to hang a piece of artwork -- sort of a hook -- but close. :)
Yes lots of canvases come with them
Who the hell brings a ruler everywhere?
An engineer.
engineer here. I have not, do not, and will not ever carry a ruler everywhere. 
Measuring tape? Calculator and slide-rule, as well.
That and you clearly have the strength of a small child
Edit: redditor 
Or, he didn't want to pay $400 for a new front door. 
I'm not going to lie, I have absolutely no idea what I'm looking at. Someone help. 
You have a shoulder... Get your action hero on! 
Don't use your shoulder, you could damage yourself..Kick it instead.
The cat left a small block of wood between the siding and the base of the door so the door won't open haha it took me a minute as well!
it still doesn't make sense
Whoa, hold on.
Every house, unit and apartment I have ever lived in. Along with every hotel I have ever stayed in has a door that opens inwards..So........ Whatchoo talking about Willis?
...Yeah, you're right. Not quite sure what I was thinking.
I'm 6'4" 200 lbs, trust me it was jammed shut.  The center and top of the door would slightly open, it felt like somebody had their foot at the bottom...  Only it was clearly not going to budge no matter how hard I tried. 
When my cat gets mad he just pisses in my shoe. 
Also when he's happy or impartial?
When my cat got mad at me he would piss on my bed. Then cover it with blankets so I didn't figure it out till 2 am when going to bed. Many a night was spent on the couch because of that adorable little asshole. 
cats are dicks
I came home late once while out with my friends when I was 18. I tried to open the door, but it appeared jammed. I assumed it was a problem with the door and forced it open without giving it much thought. Apparently my mom was mad that I was out late and stuck a chair under the doorknob. My shoulder shattered the chair and left a dent in the floor. My mom wasn't happy, but I told her that if she was kicking me out for a night, she'd have to tell me first. 
Stumbled home after a night out a few times with that chain lock still up on the back door. Having forgot I put it up on the back door, my drunk self figures the door is just stuck and I would shoulder it in ripping that out of the wall. That landlord did not like me. 
i like the way you think
Reincarnate of Sun Tzu.  Defending the border from all invaders by using the simplest method.
"If I determine the enemy's disposition of forces while I have no perceptible form, I can concentrate my forces while the enemy is fragmented. The pinnacle of military deployment approaches the formless: if it is formless, then even the deepest spy cannot discern it nor the wise make plans against it." - Sun Tzu, . Datalinks

And that's why, when a bunch of animals are in one place, they call it a TZU!.Unless it's a FARM!
I did not get that pun before this comment.
It all make sense. I thought he was saying "son who said that" but he was really saying "sun tzo said that". It alllll makes sense...and I've seen meet the soldier like 11 times
Glad to be of assistance.
I actually had an epiphany watching that one day. I had seen it a few times and it never connected until one say I was watching it and thought "holy shit... Tzu... Zoo. Now I get it"
I think I shall name my cat sun tzu

I actually meant to only bold the yelling parts but I fucked up. .I'm really shitty at formatting.
Apparently my reference was thoroughly hated. Yours is fine though.
Because mine was a pun. Reddit loves puns.
My cat once pulled the carpet up against my walk-in closet, while I was inside. I couldn't get out, and had to wait until someone came home.
I'd had my window open all day cooling the place off.  When they're not open I lock them... I don't know what else I would have done.  I suppose I'd eventually get to trying to slide something underneath the door, on the  ridiculous off chance it's something so small....
Why didn't you just slide something under the door to dislodge it?
It's okay, OP is clearly not MacGyver enough to have gotten out of that situation efficiently.
Sooo blow up the door?
Why would anyone need to blow up the door or need crawl through a second story window to find out why the door would not open? A simple coat hanger or kitchen utensil could have easily removed the obstacle that prevented the door from opening. The fact that OP could not figure out why the door would not open is perplexing to me; hind-sight or not. .Wouldn't you have tried to figure out why the door wouldn't open? I know that there must have been a noise made from the door butting up against that block of wood. It would have sounded off and I would have tried to see where the noise was coming from..Either way, OP has been out smarted by a cat.
There would be sound only if the wood was moving which i'm sure it wasn't because OP said the bottom part of the door wouldn't move. .Either way cat 1:0 human. OP now your move.
or blow on it.
When in doubt, blow on wood.
Practice on me.
How would he have known that was what was blocking the door? He was on the other side.
Read his comments. It felt like someone had their foot against the base of the door.
Still doesn't mean it's something that is movable with an object under the door. There are countless things it could have been, none of which would be movable in that way. The first thing I'd assume is that a bookshelf or something had fallen against it.
Your initial assumption would really be that a large piece of furniture had fallen against your front door? Do you keep many large, topheavy pieces of furniture in your entranceway (I know, some people might)?.I would have assumed that the door was jammed against the threshold and checked it out. Done a lift and push, run something under the door, bang on it to see if there is something leaning on the other side (reverberations/none)....If the building was on fire, I'd take your "fuck this, window time" method. Otherwise, I'd have that door open.
That would be a lousy way to die if you lived alone.
That would be a pathetic way to die if you'd rather not "harm" your door instead of breaking it.."But if I break the door, someone might see it... the shame, I'd rather die"
My roomate in college got stuck in our basement the moment we all left for work. Our basement bathroom door's lock broke. So on the inside of the bathroom the handle would rotate but wouldn't open..He punched a hole through the door after an hour of screaming and pounding..Our landlord wasn't happy, but he had to replace the lock and door since the lock was his and it failed. So it wasn't our fault.
Excluding "safe rooms" and walk-in freezers/fridges, and log cabins with serious doors... there's always a way out. Walls are pretty easy to get through, ceilings are usually even easier assuming an attic of some kind, etc..Assuming you haven't looked through drawers/cupboards/whatever else for a tool to remove the handle/door or whatever is blocking it.
Or if you're old/frail/disabled and couldn't.
You joke but hundreds of people die each year of choking to death because they'd rather not make a scene
But i imagine their body laying there lifeless would create even more of a scene, wouldn't it?
Anxiety is a wonderful thing, no?
So he blocked you?
Cat blocked.
He blocked me with wood.
Cock-blocked by a cat?
I told him he just had to hang a tie... he never listens. 
Cock-blocked by a pussy.
C'mon, OP was clearly pussy-blocked.
or perhaps he was Chock-blocked....

EVERY FUCKING DAY THIS LITTLE FAGGOT JUST SITS THERE AND GIVES ME THIS STUPID LOOK ON HIS FACE . MY FAGGOT CAT DOING THIS FAGGOT LOOK EVERYTIME I COME HOME
[deleted]
I keep seeing this everywhere, and I know it's just a really shitty meme, but I'm getting a huge . boner.
Feels like Viagra to me.
Some people downvoted you but I get the reference.
Hindsight's 20/20, isn't it?
He probably couldn't figure out what was going on. What was your initial thought of why the door wouldn't open?
"Did I not JUST unlock the door?"..try again, opens a tiny bit but snaps back shut, thinking... "the fuck is wrong with me, open the door you retard...".  Tried 3 or 4 times before I realized the door . isn't opening.  For a second I thought maybe my cat had knocked over a table, a folding chair...how???.. Pushed hard and it would only open a half inch or so along the top half, stuck at the bottom, felt like I'd damage the door if it didn't give with any more force.  .Never once did I think it could be something so small I could knock it out of the way with a credit card or envelope.  
Jesus, you honestly thought your cat knocked over a chair? How strong is this ninja kitty?
He's a pretty big guy, adopted him, was listed as part Maine Coon. Who knows, but he is rather large.  In any case, I decided there was nothing nearby he could have knocked over. Whatever it was, I didn't think I was gettin' in through the door. 
all cats are assholes
If you listened carefully you might have heard a cat laugh.


So shit it's incredible.
... enjoy!
Amazing photoshop skills.
your cat has a future in engineering. 
It is fucking feline MacGyver.
OP clearly doesn't, he didn't even try putting WD40 on the door before climbing in the window. 
He did this while I was downstairs changing laundry.  If you told me "Quick, find something to jam the door shut!" it would have taken me longer, been more complex and less effective.  
Or maybe grow a pair and push that bitch open? Not being a dick, just sayin.
Or, you might have used your double-necked Gibson...
like .?
I'll never get tired of seeing Jacob as a thug with a ponytail.
I want to know where in the real world doors open like that.  Seriously, I've never seen a door that goes out.  If you had that in a snowy climate you'd be trapped..EDIT: I was referring to the clip above from The Big Lebowski.
Finland has a snowy climate and most doors open out, I think it's for fire safety reasons.
In America at least, public buildings are required to have outward opening doors for fire safety..Homes can have any kind of door, outward or inward.
In Florida, building code requires doors to open out because of hurricanes.
I live in FL and my front door opens in not out, could this be something required for new houses only? I'm confused. 
It may be more of a Miami/Dade requirement. When the test unit doors are shot at by a 2x4 at 50ft/sec then pressure cycled thousands of times the door is more likely to survive as an outswing door. .EDIT: It could be a more recent addition to the code as well. Older homes wouldn't require a retrofit
I'm thinking Southern California? Not much chance of a snow in...
I know in a lot of areas pretty much every business has to have doors that open outward per fire code. There was a fire in a club back in the 70s or 80s- people rushed the door and it got so crowded that they couldn't open the door, and a bunch of people died. Since then they have to be able to open outwards in a lot of areas. I'm guessing if snow is a big concern, and the fire code is applicable to you, then you have a door that swings either in or out.
You know, it is safer to have outgoing door incase of fire, because when you're scare, your reflex is to bump against a door, not pull it.  I've seen a lot of building with outgoing door.
My back door in Texas opens out.  And our a-hole dog drops rocks by it all the time, causing this exact situation...  No room for it to open inward, it is off the kitchen dining area and a table is in the way.
In Florida, building code is that all doors must open outwards. 
I live in Tampa Florida and does this apply to homes? .because to check this for accuracy I just opened my front door and it opens inward lol
There are some. You won't see too many, however, fire codes require that doors open in.
 that is the reason for outward opening doors and "safety bars" on school doors. These laws only refer to exiting doors. Most hall doors open inward towards the rooms so they don't impede exiting traffic in hallways. Now if they would only require bathroom doors to open outward so you don't have to touch the damn handle, I would die happy. 
In office buildings they open out, towards the exit of the building, that way if there's a fire and you're not familiar with the layout of the building you only go through the doors that open outwards and soon you'll be out.
I'm pretty sure it does open in and that picture's taken from inside?
it was about the clip above;)  The Dude's apartment...
In Finland.
Florida. Building codes in many areas require exterior doors on new homes or remodels to open outwards. Keeps them from blowing in during a hurricane thereby reducing internal damage to homes and the amount insurance companies have to pay in damage.  But it makes it really fucking awkward to open the door for someone who has come to visit. 
this is correct.
so... exterior doors to peoples homes have the hinges on the outside in Florida. That's fucking stupid.
House doors tend to have the hinges mounted so they're covered by the door from both the inside and the outside (the flat panels of the hinge go against the thin side of the door, and the matching side of the door frame).In fact, you'd have to have a pretty strange door to be able to see the hinge when it's closed...
Ahh, hinges can be put on the inside of an outward opening door.  Ever opened a cupboard?
all of mine have visible hinges, and to have the kind you're talking about on exterior doors... i don't like that idea very much
Not suggesting that you should use that type of hinge, just that other hinge options are available.  Hinges inside the door are also an option.
well, ya the mounts are between the door and the frame. But if the pin is accessible, I can take the door off without a key
it opened out into a hallway didn't it? I've still never seen that but they wouldn't get trapped in due to snow
Does it snow in hallways where you're from?
Yes...
Its an outdoor "hallway" between apartment complexes.
Yeah, it opens to a hallway.
I work in the windows and doors industry..I just pulled up the numbers for June.  Of all the entrance door units we sold, 4.55% were outswing.
Seems legit
And I guess that's in the US? Europe probably has the inverse numbers ...
Canada..I don't know what the numbers for Europe are, but off the top of my head their doors were usually inswing too.
Can't find any numbers, but thought I read somewhere that outswing dominates over here. What I can tell you is that in Sweden it's all outswing.
Germany it's mostly inswing.
I got a buddy working for a WAD company in France, I'll try to give him a buzz next week and see if he's got any numbers to give me outta curiosity.  Won't be able to do it this week since his Friday ends at noon and I'm not even in the shop yet by that time.
Out of all the legit stories I've read, this one has 0.01% of being true.
Close, but it's in Celsius.
Obviously you're not a golfer. 
There's a place for that. . 

What is the appeal of that movie? .The Dude is a pathetic failure at everything (as shown), Walter's insane, the plot is...just a bunch of random stuff that happens. I do not understand why it's reached cult levels of appeal.
Probably because it's hilarious, unique, and by the mother fucking Coen brothers..The fact that the Dude is pathetic and Walter is insane makes for better personalities in a comedy..Finally, how does a plot like that make the movie worse? It's more of a character driven movie than a plot driven movie. The plot is secondary.
Ya, that's probably it. .Why is the Dude's pop culture image positive then, and the general opinion on him is as some kind of zen figure, when the movie paints him as...well, as I say, a wretched failure of a man with a drug-addled brain?
Florida is a shit hole. No common sense...
She can come swim in my pool ;)

That seems like a pretty massive drowning risk!
There's a Tampa area radio station that used to air a segment called the "Please don't be Florida story" of the day/week. I believe it was . but since they've changed their format I haven't heard it in a while..This belongs there.
There was also "Florida or Germany"
I like to wear 45 lb. (20.41 kg) plates on my feet. Why Can't I use the pool?
Its a monofin, or at least pretty close. Not a danger for an experienced user. 
The real question is: where did she get a life-like (if you can even say that since mermaids aren't real) mermaid tail?
There was one in Navarre a few days ago!
But she's hot, and therefore should be allowed to do whatever the fuck she wants.
She can come to my pool
She can cum in my pool
Hello, Michael...
She can come and swim in my pool any day 
Haters gon hate.
Most likely some old hag with power has a grudge because she is not as pretty.
i like her.

Definitely kicked out for those knockers.
Ahhhh, I grew up in the Tampa Bay area. Mention of 97x (my default radio station) is nostalgia-slamming me.
And Fish Hawk is right up the street where I grew up. I miss it.
Dat chlorine is dangerous for otherkin.
Pretty sure the reason is 'Florida'
You'd think that a state shaped like a penis would be milf friendly.
That's probably why the mother's of the kids were upset. Her breasts are too lovely. 
The pool in question also bans all swim fins and scuba gear. A giant mermaid tail would fall under "fin" I would think. 
Thank you for doing the reading and pointing out to those of us who knew there was a valid rule that this woman who doesn't like to listen to the obvious and why this woman is a stubborn asshole who could simply and very easily find another pool.. 
[deleted]
Their rule is no fins, not no attractive people.  You're inventing reasons to be angry about this.
Where are these pubs with cool cars driving by? Awhile ago there was a post about someone seeing something cool at a pub...and it was batman in a yellow lambo.
No lie, I am supremely jealous of that guy. That's still my dream car!
its actually kit. 
It's actually KITT.
Guy must be real drunk, look at him driving on the wrong side of the road
As someone who owned a third generation Firebird for nearly a decade, you wouldn't believe how many of us rolled our eyes when some shithead would do this to theirs. Now, you don't see too many third gens on the road anymore, so this is interesting.
Lies, you're a street walker
So there's nothing illegal about having a flashing red light on your car?.I would think there would people who might mistake it for an emergency vehicle approaching from behind.
It is illegal to have that in the US.
It's illegal to DRIVE with them in the US, perfectly fine to have them on when your parked(in most states, maybe not all?).
In the US, the police would just start shooting and shout bomb.
Is that what would happen?  Come on, McFly, THINK.  That's a white guy in there.

The poste
I would think so!
brilliant that i fucked that up. 
I know that car! Its an 88 300zx called "Black Bitch" by a guy named 88hybrid..Here is his car domain page .Build log  .Really cool car
Was the theme song blaring from the speakers?
Da de ba ba de be be be de be be be de be bwa, Da de ba ba de be be be de be be be de be bwa (drop a tone) Da de ba ba de be be be de be be be de be bwa, Da de ba ba de be be be de be be be de be bwa......
I think it's scanning other car's barcodes
Cars have barcodes?.Carcodes..Better than brocodes?
I'm sure many of you already know this, but...in case you didn't know, the voice of . the car from . is ., who played Mr. Feeny on ..  .Also, the 1991 tv movie ., which continues the story of the television show and features Mitch Pileggi (Skinner from .) as the villain and K.I.T.T. being rebuilt into a 57' Chevy Bel Air is awesome in a tremendously cheesy way.
And then a wild Val Kilmer appears nearly a 2 decades later. 
Knightrider.

Nope. Not available in our country. Think we dodged a bullet there.
wish we could have that in the states, but it's wildly illegal. :(
you can have it, you just can't drive with it on.
interesting, I've been told by my mechanic friend that even the install is technically illegal. 
I live in NC and I have seen two of them, why would it be illegal? (they were complete with the correct KITT's interior as well)
Because the light is brake-light-colored. For some reason, laws are finicky about the color of the lights that are allowed to be on cars. Something something so you can tell which direction the car is going.
Flashing red lights are for emergency vehicles only..(I don't think you'll get hassled for having them, but using them while driving could land you a hefty fine and/or charges similar to impersonating a police officer.)
because only police and medical are allowed to project red or blue light forwards, and only police or medical are allowed to project blue light backwards. .It may vary state to state, but most of the time these regulations are set up by highway patrol. 
You also can't have blue lights for this reason..It would only be illegal if he's . and running the flashing reds.
No red lights on the front of the vehicle in Texas.
The windshield wipers were evil.
Micheal , I don't think this is the way to the opera.
The car is parked.  You are allowed to have acc lights turned on if you are parked in the states.  I work at a place where a guy put in a changing color wave for his new camero.
Dude, are you in the UK? I saw a car just like this a few days ago
I'm from the UK and I've seen a car just like it a month ago. Made my sister take a photo.
Where in the UK? West midlands?
Surrey.
"KITT I've had 7 pints, take me home and don't spare the TURBO BOOST"
its actually KnightRider
Actually it's KITT to be more specific.
Or is it KARR?
KARR has a grey stripe and an orange/yellow sensor. 
Originally, KARR appeared identical to KITT, with a red light scan bar, and the only physical difference was a greenish-yellow LED voice modulator on his dash (for the first half of the first season, KITT's voice modulator is a red square that blinks on and off as he talks; KARR's voice modulator is the prototype to the one seen on KITT from the mid first season onwards, after it was received well by viewers). When KARR returns in "K.I.T.T. vs. K.A.R.R.", KARR's scan bar is now amber.
Awesome, I had forgotten that. It has been awhile since i watched the show. I think i remember seeing it on netflix i should give it a watch again soon. Havent seen it since i was a kid. lol.
I only remember it from watching the original shows.  I never even knew that he changed colors later.
It's actually Knight Rider. A shadowy flight into the dangerous world of a man who does not exist. Michael Knight, a young loner on a crusade to champion the cause of the innocent, the helpless, the powerless, in a world of criminals who operate above the law..BTW, since I didn't speak England very best when I was first seeing this series, I thought it said "a shadowy flame". Still, "a shadowy flame" sounds cool as hell, so I forgive my younger self :)
Not to be confused 
Make sure you add that slight pause there in the first sentence..."world of a man....who does not exist." .When I was younger that was driving me nuts because I was like "he's there on screen fighting crime, how does he not exist?"
You might still not speak England very best.
If you crackers gonna look down on us as niggers then were gonna give you a reason or two or three ya heard 
Get over yourself. This brick to your innocent car is making a point: White men can kill minorities, minorities can smash and loot shit, and women can go fuck themselves with their low pay and unwanted babies.
How do you prove "ignorance"? If you mean "existence of ignorance" then it hardly needs proving..PS. I understand that you are upset and expressing yourself in exact manner is not the first thing on your mind
George Zimmerman isn't white you moron. If Zimmerman is white, so is Obama.
The title of your post alone is enough to make it clear that you are indeed part of who they were protesting againt.
No, the Right Wing media is fanning the flames, exaggerating events as usual, and their useful idiot viewers are posting the results on Reddit in order to mislead you.
Can you clarify?  Why would they be protesting against someone who feels that destroying an innocent person's property is counterproductive and wrong?
Yeah.
Typically when groups of people go out and start vandalizing stuff like this, what starts out as a single issue demonstration very quickly becomes much more. Once someone takes the first step, people follow as a way of releasing very intense  stress built up from feeling helpless, disempowered, and used or ignored by society and the state. .Also people start smashing stuff and become  very empowered and get a rise in self esteem.  From their perspecive, the untouchable systems that keep opressed people opressed and perpetuate unfairness, as well as the off-limits manifestations of those systems are suddenly able to be accessed and fought against.  .Suddenly it seems like the boundaries that keep poor people away from rich people, or non-white from white, or non-men from men, or whatever are just an illusion..So, when OP says "this ABSOLUTELY proves nothing but ignorance and violence", it's a pretty good hint that they don't feel that same pressure that the protesters do. More importantly, it suggests that OP would rather those people not express themselves and exrocise themselves of that stress, unless by a more 'witin the system' way, which is not comperable at all as far as long term change or immediate empowerment. This sets OP well on the side of opressor, in the eyes of the people who were acting out..I'm not trying to comment on the 'right or wrong' here or whatever.
I just wanted to type this because it seems like 95% of reddit has the same veiwpoint as OP.
And since they feel threatened by the other side of things, never care to look into it or try to understand.
Interestingly, I agree with much of what you've said here, but I can't bring myself to, in any context, accept that mass mentality somehow trumps the responsibility of the individual for their own actions, short of someone putting a gun to their head.  I do get the pressure of that mass mentality - I just can't wrap my head around letting it get the upper hand.  That said, I have an intense aversion to such environments myself, even including sports arenas, concerts, churches, etc.  Getting swept up in any kind of groupthink disturbs me on a very fundamental level, so feel free to take my perspective within that context...
Fuck you, fuck yo girlfriend, and specially fuck yo that windshield..Race war is on prison rules
vulgarity is the forceful expression of an empty mind.
As if that wasn't bad enough, it looks like one of them put his cock on her hood. 
If they were in Florida, she could have legally shot them for that.
Not unless she was in the car. You cant shoot someone for damaging your property
I don't know if you're serious or not, but you're just perpetuating the stereotype even further if so.
Your girlfreind seems like a bitch.
Dude...one of the stains on the hood looks kinda like a dick...
Please tell me it was a white girl that did this to the car. I want to believe is was not just some angry black male up to no good. 
It could even be a completely random act of vandalism, with or without the protests. There's a whole class of bored losers who attend major protests just to have cover for their random douchery. They're all races, and apolitical, just jerks and losers.
send the bill to NBC for doctoring the 911 call.  George is gonna make millions off his lawsuit.
FTFY
well, OP shouldn't have let that gut get away with that thing he did that made all those people mad.
*ignent
Stop calling it a Riot, it was NOT a riot.
CNN is Right Wing now?
stop fucking crying holy fuck!
you don't know how anybody else feels, and don't know how different people react to different situations
just stfu and stop crying you fucking pussy
someone needs a nap
Co-worker should have stood her ground and shot them.
come on. you gotta take some responsibility for just living in Victorville, right?
Just having a chuckle at how Colt, Smith and Wesson, Glock and all the other NRA lobby machines are going to cash in on this..Freedom my ass.
Californian here: The people rioting are just looking for an excuse to riot. They are literally the definition of every racial slur out there. I don't care what color they are. 
Cunts
A Mexican-American man kills an African-American teenager.... lets blame white people.  Makes sense right?
Why are white people being blamed?! Makes no sense.
He's not Mexican.
He's half Latino, and identifies as Latino.
lol @ Riot. people calling these riots have never actually seen a riot
edit: to those who are skeptical here is the . to the local Daily Press
THERES BLACK KIDS DYING EVERYDAY... KILLED BY BLACK KIDS. WHITE KIDS DYING EVERYDAY...KILLED BY WHITE KIDS. 
ASIAN KIDS DYING EVERYDAY...KILLED BY ASIAN KIDS.
BROWN KIDS DYING EVERYDAY...KILLED BY BROWN KIDS..In the end... its people killing people. Are these fuckers going to riot everytime someone dies or only when its a black kid killed by a non-black person...?.This is why racism continues... the people who are protesting this are generally black. A lot of these people (not just black people, but the other ethnicities that are rioting also...) think that since they have nothing better to do or feel like they can blame someone else for their own personal problems they can go around breaking shit and hurting others so that they can feel better about themselves..How are they going to act so immature and expect people to take them seriously? No wonder society generalizes and associates these kinds of situations with race... You're the fucking problem, not the justice system.
Wow, yet another reason to be happy to be out of the High Desert. Sorry about the cars!
I gotta holla for my high desert!!
My aunt and cousins live in the high desert (Hesperia) and all I could think when I saw this was Victorville, yep, sounds about right.
More like Hysteria and Victimville, amirite?.I'll show myself out...
Still not as bad as Adelanto..
I went to Elementary school there. Moved to Victorville when I was 7 then moved up to Ridgecrest when I was 10. Adelanto looks more sad every time I drive through it. 
and it's only supposed to continue on Saturday,this town has gone nuts.
hey lets support trayvon by destroying shit.
it proves how easily people's anger can be misdirected away from issues that embarrass the govt like the NSA leaks.
I'd say it definitely proves something about ignorance.
At least riot about an . racial issue (but please don't riot, just protest), not this stupid case that really is not about race at all. Try the War on Drugs, prison system, or education
Divide and conquer.
I think it's funny that America can enslave a race of people, discriminate against them, and then jail them in huge numbers...and think they will never have to reap what they sow.  .This is the reaping part.
Most of the people in America have nothing to do with the slave business of time past. Same goes for the discrimination. And they are jailed because they commit crimes. If they don't want to go to jail, they have the option to not commit the crime.
This type of thinking is what keeps this exact situation happening over and over.  So your epic solution is to reiterate to them, "Hey, stop doing bad stuff like crime?"  And you think it is ok to disregard all of history?  And you think that will actually work?.Let me answer those questions for you.  First, history actually does influence the present.  I know it is hard to grasp that concept, but it is true.  Secondly, crimes such as drug laws which are a terrible idea at best, shouldn't ever have existed in the first place as they do absoultely nothing as far as drug prevention, create huge, grossly rich crime rings which are inherently violent as well as untaxable, waste resources in law enforcement, clog up the courts, and waste entire communities as they become felons and lose the opportunity to do much else besides commit more crimes.  Whether they should or shouldn't do the crime is moot.  .Your comment is almost as daft as, "If you didn't want to be enslaved, don't be born in Africa."  Your thinking does nothing positive, helps nobody, and actually creates a cushion for you to rest your self-righteous head on and sleep while the rest of the world burns.  Grow up.
You have no idea what you're talking about. What I said did not justify slavery at all..No one needs to do drugs. If they're jailed for doing drugs, that's . their problem..The rest of the world isn't burning. The rest of the world is shaking their heads at these moron rioters.
Who is this "they" though?  I didn't do any of those things, never once contributed to any of those things, and have actively tried to combat racism for my entire life wherever I may find it - but I'm white.  Do I share in that guilt?  Should I be targeted for some kind of revenge simply due to the color of my skin and the fact that others with such pigment did horrible things?  If you take that to the extreme, we're all guilty, regardless of race, because there have been villains of every color, race, creed, etc. throughout history...
Guilt is useless, there is only cause and effect.  And right now we are living in a country which to this day suppresses and represses the black community/people.  I can use your same argument and logic vs the Taliban and the people in the Towers.  .Fact is people get mad.  People usually get mad for a reason.  Sometimes all it takes is a spark to light kindling, especially when the ground is fertile for fire.  .I didn't do it, you didn't do it, but it happened, still happening.  Leading me to conclude that in fact we are all ONE people, and something that happens to ONE happens to us ALL.  The world is shrinking via technology.  This fact is simply becoming more and clear, and more relevant.  We all swim or we all sink, no more hiding, no more "other person's problem", it's all here, now.  .So what are we gonna do about it?
See, I conclude the opposite - sure, we have a collective responsibility to do whatever we can about it.  And sure, such things do happen.  But does it make sense to blame Muslims as a group for 9/11?  Of course not!  Am I surprised that some of the protests following the verdict have been violent?  Nope - but in my opinion that is simply an indication that, even beyond addressing things like race, income inequality, political and religious radicalism...  we need to address the fact that a good chunk of humanity seems at best apathetic and at worst openly hostile to the notion that reason should trump such internal reactions.  Somehow, that's become anathema, or perhaps it always was.  .That said, I agree that we are all one people.  My point, though, is that we are simultaneously 6 billion individual people.  Technology has allowed many of those individuals to communicate and organize in ways that were previously impossible, but I think it's dangerous to lose sight of either perspective.  Both are true.
I'm sure most of the violent protestors as well as most of the violent terrorists, with few exceptions have not been educated enough on things like logic, non-violent protesting, or much of anything really.  They are just wasted minds, products of their environment, doing the best they know how.  Products of the American ghetto, products of the Afgan radical religious school system, different but similar..The thing about trying to see something from someone else's shoes is that no matter what you think now, unless you are creative enough to come to the conclusion that "Yes, if I was in their shoes, I would have done EXACTLY what they did" you are not really in their shoes, you are in your own shoes, in their situation.  .I mean, we could talk about this all day, but the fact of the matter remains, we need to do a massive amount of healing, teaching, and helping, or stuff like this is just going to keep happening.  .We can't change the past, but it's becoming more and more clear we can't sit on our ass and just hope the shrinking world stays off our lawn either.
Agreed on all counts!  And I do think that education is the most fundamental solution, though healing and helping are both critical as well.  Without education, though, I don't know that either of the other efforts would be nearly as effective.  .The question is, how do we actually do it?  Basic logical principles have been around since Aristotle, and yet I'd venture to say that only a small handful of people have more than a passing familiarity with them at best.  Same with many other fields of study.  Obviously our current approach to educating the populace is failing, and certainly access to education is a huge factor.  But what to do about those who have no interest in education from the beginning?  Those who are so indoctrinated by culture or religion that they actually perceive education and reason to be evil or poisonous or even treasonous?  Sure, we can try to change minds one at a time, but that process is far slower than the birth rates within those existing contexts...  .I don't have answers - I just get a bit frustrated knowing that yes, education is ultimately the solution to a very wide range of social ills, but that we've yet to come up with a consistently effective means of doing anything to expand and promote it.  Or maybe I'm just getting a bit jaded in my middle age...  lol
That's called in-justice.  You know, it's better than justice, like being in-love. 
But how do we riot against ignorance and violence?
wonder if a black person did it.
No need to wonder...
A smashed windscreen picture that could be a random one from the internet proves ABSOLUTELY nothing but ignorance and violence...
Don't you get it??! Zimmerman was in a car too!
That WOULD happen in Victorville...AKA the Asshole of Southern California.
Yeah my entire block in Oakland got smashed up and a waiter got smashed in the face with a hammer for trying to protect his spot. It makes no sense. At the end of the day all they want to do is go fuck shit up.
They are really stupid, events like these "protests" push people to arm themselves..Attacking people and their property for no reason to protest gun laws or their effects is just creating more reasons to protect yourself..I, my father, and my brother have CCP. Neither have I ever used my firearms once nor have I ever brandished it--I hope I never have to. However, if they put me into similar situations I wouldn't hesitate. 
i notice the car is... white
Looks silver to me...
Car is a tan/brown color,  but I'm sure the color wasn't the reason. Or maybe it could have. either way I'm sure they thought Trayvon would of surely come back from the dead after this. Apart from her car there were several other damages done to nearby business including a Chevron gas station. 
Maybe NBC shopped the pic ?
Either way its messed up. Hope your GF's insurance will help pickup the tab. Sorry to see. 
Zimmerman isn't totally white either
Yeah, I fail to see your point. .Zimmeran != White
if AP says he's white, he's gotta be white
niggers gonna nig
Two words. Rodney King
Reginald Denny
The footprints on the hood complete it.
Niggers gonna nig.
Cultural Enrichment
Bostonians have done the same after Sox games, whether won or lost. This proves nothing about these particular people, only demonstrates something already well known about people in general: most of them are idiots.
I don't know if you can prove the provenance of this photo's damage to be caused by any protests, just saying.  As a skeptic I remain skeptical.
I see the word "ignorant" tossed around a lot.  I never know what people mean by that.  I thought "ignorant" meant, "lacking in knowledge."  For example, I am ignorant on the topic of neuroscience.  What knowledge are these people lacking?  I'd just call them assholes.
Look at those gorilla tracks on the hood!  lol, air jordans.
One of the things I really hated about Fark when I was there was the vast numbers of cryptoracists -- cowards who desperately want to project their bigotry, but are too chickenshit to just admit that they hate niggers. One of things I liked most about Reddit when I first came here was the relative dearth of such worthless lowlifes, though I knew there had to be some. I'm hoping that this thread contains all of them, and I've very sad to see them at all. And let me take this opportunity to say that your mothers should be ashamed of you..To OP and others, I'd like to point out that cars get vandalised at malls all the time, and OP has provided no clear evidence connecting this event to the described protest. And as I've pointed out already, there's a whole class of bored losers who do this kind of thing near and during protests just to get cover, or as a kind of trolling. "For no apparent reason" should have been the red flag for OP: This was most likely not a racial or political act, just a random act of violence unrelated to the protest or other events. The protest may have been a cover for some vandal, but that does not indict protesters or an entire class of citizens..All of you should think this over before making any more comments.
Here's the . to the local newspaper online article
sometimes the facts just get in the way
all that wall of text and you look silly now... 
What is it they do not know that you do?
That the girl who owns this car had absolutely nothing to do with Zimmerman or Martin?
Break all the windshields you want niggers..
It doesn't change the facts..
Fact 1, Trayvon Martin is dead and buried in a box in the ground and already turned into worm shit..
Fact 2, George Zimmerman is home free, right now, in his condo paid for by donations, sitting in the central air conditioning and probably fucking his fat wife, as we speak..
Who is the joke really on, monkeys..?
Break all the windows you want, white people have insurance..
Feel better now?  That was utterly unproductive...
I understand the anger and frustration maybe, but committing random acts of violence is just barbaric and animal-like in nature, and does nothing to help the cause. It only furthers the stereotype that many black people are just animals who can't be trusted in a normal and decent society. It further encourages white people to want to distance themselves from black people. There's a saying that goes, "once bitten, twice shy", meaning when something or someone has hurt you once, you tend to avoid that thing or person or group. 
reminds me of when pope jp2 dared to opine that there was a lot of anger and violence in the followers of islam.  Followers' of islam response?  Riots to vent their anger and violence...
Just because you don't think there is a problem doesn't mean there isn't a problem.
So...  if there is a problem, what precisely is it in your opinion?
People do stupid things when riots happen because they think they can get away with it. Police will be busy keeping the damages as low as possible so people will vandalize, loot and overall just be assholes because they can.

They're just acting out in rage and frustration.......   Nah, they are animals.
Yep let's riot for a thug that violently attacked someone and got shot for it. Who the fuck cares about Trayvon Martin? 
It really pisses me off that if a black person would kill a white person, the black people would act like nothing happened, but if it was the other way around then black people freak out and blow it out of proportion and act like white people own something to them just because of our ancestors. This is the same with racial slurs, because is a white person were to call a black person the n word, then they would freak out but if it was the other way around and a black person were to call a white person the h word, then they would act like nothing is wrong. Sorry for going off on a tangent, but i just wanted to point out that even though whites did something to black people back in the day, it doesn't mean that they can be hypocrites.
They damn naggers always fucking things up
Well, the government tried to cover up Benghazi, and now more people will be harmed here than there for it. .Thanks, entire executive cabinet.
It's what Trayvon would have wanted. 
A picture of a car with a smashed windshield with absolutely no one around. Lets use it as an excuse to spew ignorance and hate. 
Because America jailed totally innocent people who are very hardworking upstanding individuals. 
I'm talking about the drug war, and the effect it has had socially on black people in America.  Debating on whether they are innocent or guilty doesn't really matter because regardless, the community is decimated resulting in ignorance, violence, and other negative effects.  .To try to ignore this huge glaring fact with some moral statement like "Don't break the law" is to basically just say psychology doesn't exist.  The fact is, depressed people tend to need coping mechanisms, enslaved and marginalized people tend to be depressed, arresting them for using a coping mechanism is basically a legal way to continue to enslave them.  .Call it what you will, fact is it is happening, and the other fact is they are probably pretty angry on a deeper level..All I'm saying is that from a meta and cultural psychological perspective, this type of action makes perfect sense.  One thing leads to another.
So you are saying we should let them "cope" with their hardships by using drugs, while keeping it illegal for the rest, because they don't need any coping. 
I'm simply pointing out cause and effect from a psycho/social perspective, I'm not forwarding any cures or solutions.
Zimmerman acted the way he did because he claimed Treyvon acted violent towards him. Now that he was found innocent, black people are acting violent...
Because Zimmerman chose to follow him with a gun...
Just going to have to follow South Parks lead on this, and simply 'I don't get it'.Really . . . 
[deleted]
Spic
there isn't one closet about it, these fucks are pissed they haven't got to shoot anyone yet.
Race war everybody! Race war!
You're getting downvoted by people who have no idea what you are referencing.  Idiots are everywhere!.It's quite funny if you get the joke.  Have an upvote.
WKUK?
Brought to you by the letter N.
This thread is racist as shit.
When its accurate you can't really call it racism. Black people as a whole are ignorant and aggressive. Sure there are exceptions but as someone who went to school with lots of black kids I can tell you that most of them  are more racist than white people. Some examples:.A white kid hooked up with a black girl and then got beaten to shit by 2 black kids who actually admitted to beating him up because he hooked up with a black girl. They got busted for the beating but nobody said anything about the racist reasons..Some black kid got punched in the face for grabbing some guys gf's ass.  Then his fucking family came to the school wearing bandana's and chains and beat the guy almost to death. And when I say family I mean the guy's 20-something year old brother and his mom if you can believe that shit. .Black people would only talk to the white people if they wanted something from you and none of them made it out of that shit neigbourhood. I however am going to college on a scholarship and most of the other white people made it out and if they didn't at least they weren't degenerate criminals..Its easy to sit in the suburbs and call white people racist but until you have experienced black people firsthand you can't really say shit can you? 
I went to school in a lower-income area for awhile when I was a kid, then in a somewhat higher-income area later.  In the lower-income area ingnorance and aggression were common, sure, but certainly not even close to universal among the black students there (and certainly not exclusive to the black students).  In the higher-income area it was virtually non-existent among the (sizable) black populace.  I think your reasoning is flawed due to a very limited sample size and reliance on anecdotal evidence.  
That . what niggers do.
Grab your guns and ropes and embrace the storm.
Wonder why they don't give two shits about the murders in Chicago.  Plenty of really young kids getting shot in their houses.  Maybe no race card to play?
I'd be curious how many black kids were killed by other black kids during the Zimmerman trial..I'll go out on a limb and guess more than one.  
Search for chicago homicides.  it will surprise you!! a site called redeye or the like
Exactly.
I call, and raise you 2.
Man, sorry about your girlfriend's co-worker's cracked windshield. That must've been really tough for you.
My only intention for posting was to show how stupid and ignorant people can be for something they don't even understand.  And that it proves nothing. 
LOL look at those gorilla tracks on the hood.  Definitely air jordans.

I feel I should point out that that gif would be just as funny if it said "White People" instead.
No it wouldn't.
Non-violent protests are fine, but only when it's on the side of the street or whatever. When it's getting in front of people's ways and blocking them off from work, or causing them financial damage (like in this case), it's just unacceptable.
This is why we must outlaw major sports.
And it's completely pointless.  What do they think that's going to accomplish?  
Violent angry people are not smart people.  Simple as that.
Black people fit this description pretty well. 
Why don't you go ahead and edit that chart to show the socio-economic standings of each of those groups?  Go ahead, we'll wait while you figure out that it isn't race, but poverty that causes crime..Also, racist.
Oh great, a group of pie charts conveniently ignoring poverty rates. You've made such a wonderful point!.Dumbass.
I can see it now. A black guy sitting on his bed thinking out loud:."I'm poor... so... I must kill..."
your a douche bag and a moron.
Irony
Yeah, because being poor definitely leads to rape and murder.
No, but instances of rape and murder occur way more frequently with poverty. Just saying there are many more poor black people in Chicago than white, and the fact the poor people commit more crime could skew these charts to make it look more negative towards blacks. .But as per usual the reddit hivemind will feed into racism and misleading evidence.
Except, Chicago's population consists of 32% Black, while 55% are white, and only 19.2% of the population is below the poverty line, so your argument doesn't even work at all in this situation, since "poor black people" don't make up over half of the population. But you can continue to try and justify your racism and blame Reddit when you get called out on it, if that's what you're into.
I guess i'm mistaken in that aspect, but how am I the one being racist for giving black people the benefit of the doubt?
racist.
You're surprised niggers are nigging?

You are racist.
Implying niggers and black people are the same thing?
Let me guess...chris rock said it so it's ok? You wouldn't call white people racial names for acting a fool. No, they always get a pass no matter what. But look what happens when it partains to black people...
You are either ignorant or 14 years old. Or both. 
I just looked at all your posts. ALL you post about is race and color and crying about being black on reddit and shit. Niggers don't act a fool they're straight up attacking people and causing damage because of a trial when niggers kill niggers everyday. Niggers are responsible for 50% of all crime when they're 14% of the population, give me an excuse for that faggot..Edit: I don't even know what the fuck your talking about chris rock for you autistic fag. 
You mad.
HOLY SHIT IT JUST GOT SERIOUS GUYS, HE IMPLIED . IS ANGRY.
The car isn't even white!! Too soon?
Neither was Zimmerman
That was kind of my point.
I am not a smart man
It takes a smart man to recognize that fact. -_-
"Wise".Wisdom != Knowledge
wisdom  [wiz-duhm] 
noun
1.
the quality or state of being wise; . of what is true or right coupled with just judgment as to action; sagacity, discernment, or insight.
Whizbang [wiz-bang] adjective 1. A word old timey folks use to describe a swell situation. "Golly gee that handsome lady has a whizbang set of gams."
Sometimes some people look for reasons to be angry... sometimes (in this case) it's the media's fault
Nothing is really "the media's fault" unless they commit actual crimes. They are selling us what we've agreed to buy from them. If we didn't buy it, they wouldn't be selling it.
yeah, the media stomped its shoe into this windshield. Nobody's suggesting the media is perfect, but whoever did this holds sole responsibility. (eff off with your puns)
Did I make any puns? I honestly didn't realize... I do like puns tho.... Remember the post about Why are you so unhappy? well if you don't, fuck you... just kidding... To be honest, my ex was into puns and I keep that after she left, I have nothing from her except the stuff I learn from her... So I keep making puns whatever I can (Except in this case I didn't realize) Sorry If I offended anyone :/
Pretty sure he's referring to his "sole responsibility" comment... get it? Kicked the windshield... sole.  Of a shoe. Eh forget it. 
That doesn't absolve people of anything. At the end of the day everyone is responsible for what they do. But yes the media has been an absolute disgrace throughout the whole thing. .In my opinion, they completely misled the public as to the events of that night and the content of Zimmerman's character. Ratings and greedy assholes are why Zimmerman will have to live under a rock; I highly doubt the case would have gotten this much attention if they didn't go out of their way to portray it as racially motivated.
I wish there was a way Zimmerman could sue the networks for a couple million, and could go find a quiet cabin on a lake to live in. 
I heard he was suing a couple networks, not sure if that's true or what the status is
I'm not sure if I posted this in this thread or not (btw I completely agree with you) But I feel I need ot say this, part joke part serious;.To be fair, the black man had concealed candy (If I remember correctly)
But honestly, I havent herd ONE statement thats on Zimmerman side, either we don't know something, or this was not justice.EDIT I hope one day we really know what happen
You didn't even pay attention to the case at all did you?
For a long time I thought some guy had just shot a black kid because of what was reported. Up until days ago I had no idea the guy was getting the shit kicked out of him nor that he had called the police. I've also read he tutored a black kid for over a year and stood up for a black homeless man that was beat up by the police chief's son..All that aside, it was a truly unfortunate situation that did not need to happen. But I do not see racism being a driving force. It sounds like the media made a story where there was none, since people can't get enough of watching this stuff. 
the black kid was carrying candy for his girlfriend. It's a terrible story that was completely avoidable
That chick doesn't need anymore candy she should eat some crackers instead.
You realise he wasn't shot because of the candy, right? You keep using the Skittles reference like it's pivotal to the case.
Actually, his text message history shows that he was a codeine addict. You use skittles (or jolly ranchers) and arizona tea mixed with codeine to make lean. It is well documented (based oh his text message history) that Trayvon was a longtime user of Lean/codeine. One of the side effects of longterm use is impaired judgement, paranoia, and violent outbursts. This does not exonerate Zimmerman, but it does show that Trayvon was not necessarily in his right mind. I'm surprised by how few people know this. Since you haven't heard any statements that are on Zimmerman's side, here are some:.Zimmerman's story is that he went out to check the roadsigns to give better directions to the police, since they change often and the streets are confusing (I used to jog around the neighborhood, and I can confirm that it is). Trayvon approached him and, after a verbal exchange, punched him, knocked him to the ground, and began pounding his head into the pavement. Upon realizing that Zimmerman had a gun, Trayvon said "you're going to die today, motherfucker.".There were powder burns on Trayvon's shirt but not his body, conclusively proving that he was on top when he was shot. This does not exonerate Zimmerman, but it does corroborate his story..Martin had damage to his knuckles and no other injuries aside from the fatal wound, indicating that Zimmerman, if he had attacked, had not actually made physical contact with Trayvon..The witness who looked out the window after hearing a scream described a person on top of somebody else in a mixed martial arts position (ground and pound). It is now known that Trayvon took classes in MMA and repeatedly engaged in underground fights. Again, this does not exonerate Zimmerman, but it does corroborate his story..Trayvon's 19/16 year old friend/girlfriend testified that Trayvon was hotheaded and "liked to fight." She had been concerned that his violent behavior would get him suspended from school..Trayvon told his friend on the phone that he was arriving at his house. His body was found almost 100 yards back towards Zimmerman's house. This demonstrates that he doubled back. This does not make him guilty, but it does corroborate Zimmerman's story. .Zimmerman claims that he did not approach Trayvon, but went out to check the street sign to give directions to the police as the street names changed regularly and were somewhat confusing. I used to jog past the neighborhood and can confirm this. There is no reason to suspect that this is true, but also no reason to believe that it is false..Zimmerman reports that Martin walked up to him, said "do you have a problem?" and, when Zimmerman answered no, said "you do now" and began to attack him. There is no reason to believe this, but there is literally no evidence against this being true..Approaching someone and confronting them verbally is not a justification for assault unless they have assaulted you. There is no evidence that Zimmerman assaulted Martin. This does not mean that he did not assault Martin..When Zimmerman was told (falsely) by a cop that the event had been caught on video, his response was "Oh thank god!".If Martin assaulted Zimmerman, this case would be open and shut. Zimmerman would not be guilty. .If Zimmerman assaulted Martin, Zimmerman would be guilty of murder in the second degree. This is undisputed. .There is no evidence that Zimmerman assaulted Martin. There IS evidence that Martin assaulted Zimmerman. This does not mean that Martin assaulted Zimmerman. What this does mean is that there is reasonable doubt that Zimmerman is guilty. You can't put a person in jail if there is reasonable doubt that they are guilty.
I only wish that this comment wasn't so deeply buried under the skittles guy. Everyone should get a chance to see this great information.  As someone who did not watch the trial (And is avoiding the media about it) could you post some links to back up your statements?  I'd love to be able to show this content elsewhere.
Most of the above information is on the ., as well as the associated links.
There's a lot of different sources, so it will be a pretty big ordeal, but I'll see what I can do after work.
Finally, someone trying to remain neutral. Having a little faith in our justice system will get you a long way.
I don't know, I think most people on Reddit have my point of view, as evidenced by my score and that of the person I responded to.
And this is why I never take protesters serious. ."Hey, I support X cause, I am going to go break a bunch of shit and terrorize people on the street.".FUCK YOU AND YOUR CAUSE
Protesters =/= Rioters..This is exactly what the media and lawmakers want you to think so that you'll quietly and complacently let them take away your ability to protest peacefully which is one of the most fundamental aspects of a democracy.
Funny how these "peaceful" protests often end up in riots though..
Haha yeah, right, media wants to take away the ability to protest, because those laws definitely aren't related to the ones that allow freedom of press. 
Dude, I know, right? I mean, doesn't anybody remember the riots that broke out after the 1% protest? It was fucking horrible, blood everywhere.
The mainstream media doesn't particularly want freedom of the press. They want money. 
You've just gotta love this mentality: 'We're upset over the death of a young black 'kid' by a 'white' guy.' Okay- charges filed... (STFU POTUS).During trial 'Justice for Trayvon, white boy going away for ever!'.'NOT GUILTY!'.'Oh, this is some bullshit!'.Guess what? The justice system did its job. The accusations (which should never have been filed in the first place IMHO, but I'm from Texas and firmly adhere to the ideology of self defense with a firearm) did not hold up to the burden of proof, Mr. Zimmerman is a free man. Don't get me wrong, it's a goddamn shame that this young man had to find out the hard, permanent way that this mean old world has teeth, and it will bite. .[edited] a word
Never bring tea to a gun fight. It might get spilled.
No bias in this post at all
None at all, thank you for pointing it out though. 
Unless you have party hands, I always ready my party hands.
and, that white cop wanna-be's can shoot black kids for jack shit. If Lumpy Zimmerman was stalking me I'd have done the same thing. .I'd love to see what happens when older black men with firearms start following young white women around.
I think you got all your information from the media...
Wrong again.
So... getting out of your car to see which direction the suspicious looking person 'I     .     he's black', went, and looking for a street sign to give to the police consists of stalking. ...gotcha. .What happens when an armed older black man stalks a white woman? She calls the police because she might or might not be a victim of a crime. Race is indiscriminate in this situation, so your 'point' is moot. If someone is following me, and I'm female, I'm calling the fuzz, and you can explain to them why you were following me. 
Why get out of your vehicle? ESPECIALLY when actual trained personnel tell you not to?.What if said old black dude accosts you before you get to call the cops?
Because as I said previously, he was looking for the street name to give to the cops. The operator is not LEO, so their suggestions carry no weight. It'd be one thing if he knew the street name, and blew off the operator and went Rambo (evidence says he did not), but he was trying to figure out where that person went, and what his bearings were. I    .    be wrong, but it sounds like Trayvon was looking for a scrap. He found one (he was the only one with bloody, scratched knuckles), but also found out the hard way that George had the equalizer.
Did you even watch/read about the case? .Regardless, when your daily problems can be realistically pinned on white adolescents, where you feel like you might have to at some point protect yourself from a white kid in a polo shirt and khakis or whatever the fuck white kids wear, you'd be completely justified in profiling them as such. .The only 'white' people that are arguably bringing you harm are those that are funneling money out of your account and out of your childrens' futures and into their coffers. .And I'd pay to see those people followed around with firearms. 
Yes I did. I think you completely missed the point. Trayvon didn't knock on Zim's door nor enter his property. Zim was cruising around playing cop with a looaded firearm at his side, looking for trouble..And there are just as many white assholes as there are non-white..I agree that the biggest thieves wear suits, and THT problem is only going to get worse because now they know the Gov't won't do shit when they almost bankrupt the country while raking in billions in profit.
Neighborhood watch does not equate 'wannabe cop'. And just because you carry a   .     does not mean you're  looking for trouble. I'd even argue that if you have a gun, you're trying to     .     trouble. I know all the people that I personally know that have their C&C feel that way. They have a gun as an equalizer, not a dick extender.
I hear this often, and think this is completely untrue. He was looking out for people . the trouble.
The media is fanning the flames and is being irresponsible. 
Reddit's beloved Daily Show seems to be ..
The media?  Really?  They are just giving the people what they want.  Let's take a look at Reddit for last week, most of the subreddits I've visited have front pages covered with Zimmerman trial details.  .Everything from various political subreddits, to r/adviceanimals and r/imgoingtohell.  How can expect "the media" to do any better if we can't? 
I agree, like Fox news who only discusses the protests that turn violent, disruptive, or destructive instead of the hundreds that have remained peaceful.  
I was rather surprised how poorly The Daily Show covered the Zimmerman verdict. The lack of understanding regarding the laws involved and the totally invalid juxtaposition of Zimmerman and . case. The high bar of reasonable doubt and minimum sentencing gun laws explain the differences between the cases. 
As a fan, I'm very dissapointed with The Daily Show on this issue.  .They're usually fair and logical, not this time.  They don't even mention that Trayvon used racial slurs to describe Zimmerman before he attacked him, and that his girlfriend said they commonly did that. 
Business as usual, then.
I agree, but let's put blame where it's due -- on .. 'The media' is not some kind of cloistered society projecting wisdom on the masses. They are an enterprise, not that different from a hot dog stand, and are selling a product. They must sell this product in order to survive, and they sell the product that will make them the most money. As it happens, that product is what you've described -- not because . suck, but because . do. If we were not buying the product, they would be trying to sell us something different. Yes, they play to low standards, but only because we accept that.
Amen. 
Half the time I see CNN or HLN or something of the sort, they're pulling significant airtime off of the public's tweets or facebook pages, and then using those as talking points..Clearly, the general public feeds the media, which feeds the general public...it's not one or the other, it's both.
But this is Reddit, there MUST be SOMETHING/SOMEONE to blame.
Totally agree.  I work from home full time and normally, mainly for background noise, I have my tv on and tuned to the news..It's been off or tuned to TV land, comedy central, etc for a few days now.
add the president and his cronies to that list
This is correct--at least I don't recall in my studies or life a President commenting on such a case. That office is supposed to be bigger than that.
It's not just that he commented on the case - the Justice Dept was . to whip up street protests before the trial.
That comment about if he had a son, he'd look like Trayvon was some royal bullshit.
As an African-American, I can say that this is our race is all about; ignorance stacked on ignorance. "Black guy kills black guy ", who cares. "Black guy kills white guy", who cares. Zimmerman kills Trayvon upset of the century. This senseless violence and rioting only enhances the problem and proves absolutely nothing. So not just an RIP to Trayvon; but RIP to Society. 
Look guys we got Tyrone Biggums over here. That's fine, why don't you just go sit over there with the rest of the ignorant people. .Don't group me in your fucked up and disgustingly ignorant views. I'm sorry that you choose to only see the negative side of our heritage, much in the same way every ignorant bigot chooses to validate their stupidity. Enjoy the useless validation of your ignorance..In the mean time I'll be over here, with reasonable and rational people who choose not to judge people by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. Who intelligently differentiate people by their individual actions, have the mental capability and fortitude to separate good and bad people individually as opposed to lazily grouping them together by some easily definable factor..You are the prime example of an ignorant, possibly worse than most cause you will simply be used as a tool for their weak minded validation. Like any other ignorant, be they African-American, white, Asian, hispanic, etc. you should be ashamed of yourself. You won't be though. That's the nice thing for people like you, you're too simple minded to understand what you should be ashamed about.
You're great, and Ima let you finisih, but Marisa Tomei had the greatest upset of the century
White guy pretending to be black.
SRSer pretending not to brigade. . . 
I haven't touched the arrow unlike srssucks and mensrights likes to do. Just like you downvoted my comment above.  
Over 40 downvotes in a brief period right after being linked to SRS . . . nope, no brigading there.
As another black person, you can go fuck yourself.
NgN
Nothing upsets me more then a black person trying to act like us whites. First off your race is going through a very difficult time right now and you are not being empathetic at all, by calling all blacks ignorant and violent you just make yourself look like an uncle tom..The main issue with this whole case is that you're allowed to kill someone because you're afraid of them! your injuries can be "insignificant" but as long as you fear for your life, you can kill someone..They did a toxicology report on Martin, but not Zimmerman, they dug up Martin's "troubled past" , but not Zimmerman's until much much much later.... you can stalk and intimidate a black person, question them and if they dare resist and stand up for their rights, you're essentially allowed to kill them if you're a giant pussy..that's fucking sick man. This whole case just goes to reinforce the notion that blacks are looked at as a separate group of people, a lesser form of Americans.... I myself am not black, I don't necessarily "fear" black people, but I have my biases (been attacked by a group of blacks/mexicans once) and I don't really associate with any black person because I don't mesh well with their culture (I'm an atheist, college student, Home owner and plan to be a young family man one day [I'm 23]). But for fuck's sake man, I still feel fucking awful for this kid. He was 17 and unarmed.... if I was black, I'd be outraged. It must be tough being black.
Damn, bruh!
For all we know it was a rock from a dump truck.
And that rock put the two foot prints on the hood as well?
You're missing the point.  It's just a picture, and there is no reason to assume this fits into some resentment narrative about Trayvon Martin unless 
you mean like every "this is the last photo of my ______ alive, I miss him so much" post or most ever post here?
Well said.
Well said. Watch out, I hear a lynch mob of angry white SRSters screaming "Uncle Tom" coming your way.
post a picture of you holding up your username written on a sheet of paper you lying piece of shit racist
Here comes SRS. Hold your hats everyone!.P.S. As a white dude. . . I have no duck in this hunt.
You know, there are people who disagree with him that have nothing to do with SRS. Believe it or not there are large populations of normal people of all colors that think reddit is racist as shit.
I agree!  I am just warning the user that SRS is now brigading. That is all.  No judgement here.  I am only reporting the news.
So are you telling me . are real?
As an African-American, I can say that "DaBeastBoy" speaks for all of us. .He is our King 
I dunno, but I'm giving him the benefit of doubt and assume (hope) he meant not African American culture and heritage of reality but rather the one the media attempts to force upon African Americans. The gang bang criminal stereo-type they want so hard for African Americans to identify with and for other races to be prejudiced against. .Though I agree the minority in any group is the loudest and that particular populace of black America garners the most attention and detracts from the majority of good natured human beings who happen to also be African American. It's really closed minded and foolish to lump all of a group into one generalized idea based on what the vocal few are doing. And that simple fact is really sad. But this can be equated to literally any group in general. I blame our society build on trash we has allowed to flourish here in America. 
Pretty much this. You've nailed the exact reason why blacks will always be at the bottom of the minority ladder. 
As a fellow African American, this is NOT what our race is all about. We aren't just ignorant thugs from the streets. Many of us have risen to the occasion and every day are becoming doctors, lawyers, community organizers, educators and more. Yes there are many of us who need to improve ourselves, but never use that to discredit the rest of us.
Too bad the majority aren't like you.
To bad most people don't want to be like you.
I don't see this as being distinct to African-Americans, but as being just normal tribal thinking common to all humans. I don't see any difference between this and Missing White Girl Syndrome, or sports fans trashing city blocks when their teams lose. It's irrational and animalistic, but this is how we all evolved. We've only been at this civilisation thing for a few thousand years, and we're all still trying to get the hang of it.
As a European-European: I have the feeling many black people in the USA are very prone to manipulation. And the media and some other scumbags are trying to spread more fear and violence to help their own cause..You "just" need better role models.
You are correct. The democratic party has been doing this for years under the guise of "help" when in reality nothing has changed - they just know they can count on black votes. This has kept many (not all, obviously) blacks in an endless cycle of poverty and government dependence. I can't say this though, because I"m white. When a black guy says it (a la Bill Cosby some years back) he is labeled an Uncle Tom and torn to shreds by the likes of a Jesse Jackson or Al Sharpton.
So it's no surprise that the majority of black people in America vote democrat.
Ooh, burn. Whether intended or not.
Good job selling out your people for some easy karma man.
What do you mean .?!?!?
The problem is that the most ignorant and violent of any group of people are the loudest and most disruptive which means everyone under the same flag gets pinned with all the negative associations. Be it blacks, Christians,  Atheists, whites... etc..There are plenty of people on both sides of the issue who are not acting like complete morons; being calm and sensible gains no attention because its not in the street acting like idiots.
I have a pet theory that the Westboro Baptist Church is a secretly pro-gay rights movement..They work so hard to discredit the entire anti-rights movement.
And your theory would be wrong.
The thought has crossed my mind as well. The idea is to make the right-wing christian side look so absolutely bat-shit crazy that nobody would want to be seen aligned with it.
exactly. batshit crazy? obviously a lobby for the opposing side.
It would make sense..But I suspect they're only unintentionally harming their side.  Rather than deliberately.
No it wouldn't make sense.
I really don't know. Would it be so hard to believe that Westboro is actually a liberal group trying to pull some strings? Weirder things have happened in religion and politics.
People generally don't keep such conspiracies going this well.  Also they have families and kids raised to say these things.  A group of college kids getting together to fake protest I could see..A group of people living their entire lives and raising their kids and grandkids to fake protest?  That's a bit much.  
No. That's dedication. They live the illusion! Just like in that movie 'the Prestige'.
My friends and I have had similar conversations. If you look at how people unite to counter their protests in a peaceful manner while preaching love and tolerance; it doesn't seem like that much of a stretch.
I can assure you that it is just about the money that WBC and its members get from lawsuits when they push the wrong people too far.
that means the KKK just wanted to spread the meaning of Christmas and friendship the whole time!
Their tree decorations are always in such poor taste, though.
Why do you think that?
Well Phelp's son did an AMA and said they all really believe that. Many other members of the family have also said that, after leaving, that they all really believe that. That's an awfully elaborate plan if they are actually pro-gay rights.
As an African American I can say that this is NOT what our race is all about. This situation seems more like "Mob Mentality" than a bunch of angry blacks looking to senselessly destroy things. I'd be willing to bet that the group that caused this damage was not exclusively black..Don't be so quick to write your people off. Self hate is the number one cause of the "black condition".
I'm also African-American, and I would bet that this group of rioters was strictly black. No, I'm not racist, I'm looking at this with a realistic point of view. Black people kill white people. Nothing happens. White people kill white people. Nothing happens. But when a white person kills a black person, and the whole incident blows up and the media becomes highly involved, shit happens. If Zimmerman would have been guilty, all would have been well. But he was let off. Case closed. It makes my blood boil when stupid black people make our entire race look bad. Think of the O.J. Simpson case. He was obviously guilty, but you didn't see white people acting this way. 
I'd bet you're right, as I know plenty of non-black people who are keen to this cause. To the point where they explode into rage at me when I ask why it is a racial issue when there's no reason it should be.
I'd be willing to bet it was a group of black people because they would have beat the shit out of any white or hispanic person "for treyvon." It's not mob rule. It's what happens when Rodney King gets Beaten. When Treyvon gets shot. When a 14 year old black kid who points a gun at cops gets shot.
"Self hate is the number one cause of the "black condition".".True, but so is white guilt..Edit: I posted this knowing it would earn down votes.
Id suggest that the number one cause of the "black condition" is the insistence that black culture is anything worth celebrating. African american culture is nothing but the remnants of slavery. Oppression, repression, anti intellectualism, and enforced religiosity are nothing to celebrate. As blacks, we are different from any other immigrant group. We simply do not have a bonding culture other than what I mentioned above. The concept that there's something that binds us cohesively as a people is the problem. Assimilation is the answer. Afro-centricity is poison
Wow.  Best post I've ever seen on this very important (for everyone) subject..Of course, you'll be called a "racist" if you say this in public, because the majority of the black community thinks the definition of racism is anything they don't like.
Professional victims.
If you're referring to a mentality that may have been instilled into a culture through years of slavery, oppression, and second rate treatment, then yeah that makes sense.  But I don't think that's what you're implying..edit:  If you're going to downvote this, at least tell me why.   Does it make you feel uncomfortable?
no
Maybe people are downvoting this because you are justifying the behavior by blaming issues from 60+ years ago at the earliest.  Not one of the protesters have been enslaved and the oppression has been self inflicted.  .Look, no one in their right minds thinks the treatment of the African American folks before the Civil Rights movement was OK, yet people are still blaming that treatment for their actions today.
No, I'm not justifying anything.  The person above me said "Professional victims"  as if that's a casual and acceptable response to whatever happened in the OPs photo.  As if any time something negative happens involving black people, it must be because they have some kind of victim complex.  .Do black people have to be enslaved to feel the effects of oppression?  What if their grandparents were slaves?  What if their parents lived in a segregated community?  do you think that has no bearing on how they were raised and view the world around them?  .Ok now I'm going to call bullshit.  I'm a 27 year old white man.  I've never experienced discrimination based on the color of my skin.  I imagine I will probably never know what that feels like, but I know that ..  .Don't believe me?  I will admit I'm a subscriber of . and if you truly believe that oppression is self inflicted by black people, I invite you to check out some of the top posts right now.  .Go further in the thread, look at this gem, .  Now deleted.. Also now deleted..edit:  Look at the the top comment of this thread .  Yeah, dripping with love and kindness, right?
I'm not defending the actions of any of the so called "protestors" but I will say that violence is a disease. It's a disease that stuck with the black community since slavery and has remained in many of the poorer communities (not just black people but all poor communities). I'm not giving an excuse for any negative actions that were ever commited, but this disease can't simply be beat by strong will. It's ingrained and becomes a vicious cycle. If you were around violence your whole life, the chances of you being violent are very high. People blame individuals for the choices that they make but many of these individuals are already born into a hopeless life. Watch the movie the  "The Inturrpters", it gives some insight on this destructive mindset and how communities are trying to break the cycle. 
I get your point, but people need to stop blaming everyone else for their problems.  You can be born into poverty and make something out of yourself; look at Dr. Ben Carson.  The point I am making is just stop the violence and stop raising kids that way and maybe we can see an improvement.
I'm not saying that racism doesn't exist, but it exists on all sides.  As a white man myself and I have experienced discrimination because of my skin.  I was walking in a predominately black neighborhood and told numerous times, "You need to leave honky."  "You in the wrong neighborhood cracker."  .While I doubt I will ever face what they faced before the Civil Rights movement, I did grow up poor and I did live in a poor neighborhood.  But my mom raised me to know the difference between right and wrong.  Not doing wrong is my choice..However, I would never say that all these people are like such and such.  Such a blanket statement is ignorant too.
I live in Cali.  There were never black slaves here.  Ever.  However, there were Coolies here.  How many Chinese riots break out when a Chinese person is persecuted?  They were treated as 2nd and 3rd class citizens too yet they don't use that as an excuse for violence.  Why?  I guess there are 2 paths one can follow after a history of persecution.  The Chinese chose one path while the African-Americans chose the other.  I think calling one path "professional victim" isn't inaccurate.
HEY EVERYONE!! LET'S RUIN OUR ALREADY BAD REPUTATION BY DOING EVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO MAKE OURSELVES LOOK BAD BECAUSE WE DIDN'T GET OUR WAY 
When you say "bad reputation"... you're referring to things racists think about black people, right? Is anti-black racism the fault of black people?
It's like the "Death to people who say Islam isn't a religion of peace" nuts.  
Maybe it's just me, but the reactions have seemed more or less proportional to prevailing public opinion, in my view. Yes, there are some acts of violence, but that's common whenever there's some big controversy, no matter who's involved. If we want to be honest about it, let's talk about the many acts of violence that accompanied resistance to Black equality half a century ago.
You make it sound so childish. I pictured a kid kicking and screaming because of bed time.
Said the Joe Paterno protesters at Penn State.
oh god my sides
Try to get a bunch of people to stop traffic on a highway in Detroit or Oakland I bet this doesn't happen.
Can confirm difference.  From Detroit, you'll either be run over or shot.
I'm from Toledo, regardless of whether or not other people did this, I sure would.  I'd step on it!  I could probably get away with saying it's an accident too.  It's illegal to be a pedestrian on the freeway.
Conversely, it wouldn't hurt for the rest of the population to start to understand that the acts of an ignorant few don't define the whole. It's funny when the Average Redditor does it. The Average Redditor wants you to say "some men" or "some white people" but they're perfectly comfortable with demonizing all black Americans with someone smashes a windshield.
black people have a bad reputation? really?.edit: a lot of racists on reddit i see
I get the excuse this time. What's their excuse the other 364 days?
American black people reputation?
This is not a black thing. I know plenty of black people who are just as disgusted as everyone else about:
This is the kind of stuff that happens when the people who get upset feel like they have nothing to lose.
why downvote this? completely accurate. black Americans have been subject to so many miscarriages of justice in this country's recent history, that whether or not you believe Zimmerman should've been convicted, it is clear why the black community at large feels disenfranchised to the point of violence. 
Because the benefit far more from the stand your ground law in florida than any other race there? Yeah, they're totally disenfranchised. 
What the fuck does the black community have to do with this?
And the best thing to do is go out and act like the exact stereotypes that racists think they are?
You keep calling someone an asshole or a stereotype long enough, don't be surprised when they become it..It's not the best thing to do, no, but it's human nature..Anyone, anywhere that is constantly treated like scum will eventually snap.
annnnnnnnnnnd nothing changes. 
Because that is totally going to help their cause. 
Very few people can take the amount of bullshit they have to put up every single day..It's actually amazing there aren't even MORE riots in the streets.
What a ridiculously stupid statement. You/they need to stop making dumb excuses for acting like uncivilized animals..I'm not saying it isn't a vicious cycle-- but they are helping to perpetuate their own negative stereotypes with such actions. .Trying living in a black neighborhood for even 1 month and I can guarantee that your views are going to change.
It's not an excuse. It's a valid explanation..Not to mention you aren't seeing the (likely) thousands of people who put up with that bullshit all the time and they aren't protesting..There will . be those who perpetuate a negative stereotype even if the majority don't act that way. And it's impossible to stop it.
All I see are fractals.
holy balls. Scrin Lightning tower from Command and Conquer 3. 
i bet it can kill you some how
Or save your life somehow.
Is it from Australia?
Looks like an aquatic facehugger.
Nope!
Sorry Danger. I down vote all nopes. So, kill me.
Lol
I love spiders. Nope! LOL. (No, I really do.)
The flowers look like those 
Just lovely. Succulents are the best!
Other pics: 
my cactus always blooms at night 
Bit of a shame that they flower so seldom, they're really pretty flowers. .I guess the rarity factor makes you appreciate them that much more though. 
Those flowers make me NOPE more than the cactus itself
Beautiful!
my cactus has the same flower! i havent been able to figure out what kind of cactus it is. i get 2 flowers a year, generally, but not at the same time. do you know what kind of cactus it is?
Gorgeous!
Only three flowers one time a year
given better conditions it should begin blooming a lot more. both more often and more flowers.
It is better to find one's cactus blooming than one's girlfriend cheating..
That's when I wear my sunglasses!!
Echinopsis sp.
They aren't out of focus, they are just long exposure times.
 they are re-focussed if you want to start getting technical. The effect isn't achieved just with a "long" exposure. 
These are lovely!  I think . would enjoy them too.
I have one just the same... But mine doesn't boom only once a year... I blooms every month of the summer with at least 2 flowers (I had 7 flowers in one go last year)... The secret is to give it as much sun as possible and water it at least once a day till it;s soil doesn't take anymore...
you, kind sir, are fucking awesome!
thank you
Somebody is horny. 
Bae caught me blooming
Gah, so close. Well played. 
damn! beat me to it. 
I know right? It really just goes to show how much of a hivemind reddit can be.
we're unique :p or aren't we.....
territorial battles would be so much worse
There would be no rivers 
What kind of affect would this have on the world? Like water supplies, climate, and other stuff.
and all I see here is CiV map, I should stop playing that game
When I saw this, I thought "Oh neat, let's see where I would be living! Hmm, it appears I'd live in the middle of an ocean. Oh wait..."
Antarctica? Anyone?
now that looks like a fun civ map
Same here bro, and tell myself that everyday. This map would be fun as he'll to play though.. 

I was expecting a link to Google Earth.
The world according to Buster Bluth
The Pacific Desert, 
Cartography, the mapping of uncharted territories. 
This makes me so uncomfortable every time I see it
I'd love to see this on a sphere rather than laid out.
Bugs me that the mountain ranges are wrong.  
well I think they didn't bother with the existing oceanic mountain chains, and just invented new topography. 
The way I see it, mountain ranges would be where there's oceanic trenches, so the highest point in Inverse world would be the Mariana Peaks. 
I don't know why, but my head started hurting when I looked at this.
For some reason this reverted map is without a doubt one of the best images I've seen on reddit since I'm on it.
Not to be a dick but please search and see if a pic is already around Reddit before posting. 
In case you can't see the comment directly above your own, ..
Generally, I'd agree with you. But, he DID post where he found it. 
dude.. i just realized that italy is just new zeeland but turned around
That took me way too long to see...I'm an idiot
ah shit, what was the name of the earth from dragon drive?
Looks like Game of Thrones world.
America's wang becomes the Caribbean's vag!
Why are we changing maps? 
why are we not using that other map?

wow that was amazing. Thank you for the link. I guess I should've posted the Peters projection of that map! :D
Two slots at once? Could be worse.
I have a hard time imagining anyone who does this to have even an ounce of a sense of humor about it..They feel entitled to more parking space than everyone else... they probably feel entitled to not catch any grief about it too..Assholes.
In a parking lot thats jam packed, this could be considered a dick move, however I park like this only in lots that have several spots open, and I know the lot wont be busy during that time.  When you spend 40k+ on a nice car, and door dings show up all the time, you have no choice but to make sure nobody dings your doors.
Sometimes it's easy to hate the guy who you immediately see park crooked.  Note the van to the left. He has also parked in a manner in which is inadequate to us non-douche parkers.  Even in cases where there are no cars to the left or right, they douche might have left leaving an innocent non-douche to become an actual douche.  Compelling and thought provoking.   
just fold the mirrors in and you're in.. whammy
Haters gonna hate OP... I think the note is legit
If they fuck like they park, they'll get in two vaginas at once.
I think all the haters must park like this because I think your post is pure genius.
I have something similar posted in my liquor store.  "If you fuck like you park, you must still be a virgin".  It is right next to my "Parking for Dummies" sign.
no-door-dings is no-door-dings..what i hate, is when you are forced to park off-center becasue everyone else has, then you are the last person to leav the lot... you come ut, see your car straddling two spots and think of all the people that cursed you... not knowing you didnt start it..looking at the van's tire... did this guy start it?  or was he a victim of circumstance?
I would say opportunist. But then the guy on the left did alright so now back with asshole, and the van being more lazy than anything and taking advantage of the extra room. 
They probably don't want people dinging their car. I feel the same. If you have a car worth caring about you'd understand too.
I have a 2000 Honda Accord with plenty of scratches on it, and I still take care to park away from people..If you don't want your car ding'd you can park way far out and walk further.
many individuals with inflated opinions of their financed luxury and sports cars intentionally take up two spaces to prevent door dings and scratches.naturally, the best response is to park extremely close to their driver side door in barely running rusted up shitbox
Parker pays for two spaces..Edit. OK thats at cracker barrel. Parker may have been too fat to get out in a normal spot stance.
I would park right next to it, as I couldn't give a shit if they keyed me.
What got to me are how the side view mirrors are tucked. THE WAY YOU PARKED, AINT NO WAY SOMEBODY GOIN TO HIT YOUR MIRRORS DOUCHE!
Let us make general assumptions about people based on their . and call them assholes. Aren't we so much better than them? 
He? could very well be a ..  I like that we assume asshole Lexus drivers that park on the line are all men.
"He" is often used as a gender neutral pronoun on the internet.
If he fucks like he parks, he's getting two at once. Lucky Bastard.
the lexus ls does that automatically when you lock the doors
True. But this doesn't look like an IS, more like an ES or GS. Regardless, the point is moot as they also have this feature though it's not automatic, there's a button that you press that folds in the mirrors. 
LS, i type in lowercase because i type in lowercase
I think he meant the LS, the one with the self parallel parking feature?  Basically Lexus's massive executive sedan.
makes sense. 
Spotless Lexus?  I'm going with this guy is the douche. 
r/funny posts in r/pics.I feel like it's pointless to say anything at this point. Also, that driver might be a lady, so your efforts may have been in vain.
You have no idea how many times I have said that same line.  Thought I was original.  Nope!
Yeah but if all the spaces are filled people are going to try and fit in there anyway. And when they can't they're going to ding your car on purpose
We don't know if all the other spaces are filled with this angle so that's a moot point.
Not sure if he was being a Dick here.  My guess is yes because it is a Lexus however if you look at the can on the right he is not parked in a spot either which may have led to him having to park like that.  Now don't get me wrong I hate asshikes that do this but  maybe cut him some slack.Edit: spellings
I never understood why people get that upset about people parking like this. For all we know, someone . parked terribly, forcing this person to park how they did. Other person leaves, this guy is left looking like an idiot. Why get that upset? Go find somewhere else to park..I'll get out of here now with my reasoning and level headedness.
If I post in r/funny, it's not funny enough. Post in r/pics, it should be in r/funny. I just can't win.
r/IAMMLBIGI
The only other option is too not post things that aren't funny. 
Looking totally boss
For the curious and lazy . 
They look about twelve 
that juice box is massive anyone know what it was?
I thought it was one of those small milk cartons, ..
bet it's O.J. love O.J in those cartons.
Paul's Boutique is a masterpiece.
More Pollywog Stew, please.
AWWWWWW YEEEAAAAHHHH
Today we'd call them hipsters. 

Ahhh I miss MCA....
.
ah the forgotten days when you didnt have to brag about spending your signing bonus on elbaorate shit to get fans.. Or being mac miller and trying so hard to emulate a look that doesn't ooze money but no one buys into your shit facade anymore.. shame.
R.I.P Mike D
Was this intended as a joke? Mike D isn't dead.
R.I.P. AdRock

R.I.P. MCA
My condolences.
I want to say I'm sorry for your loss. Things will look up. Find people to share stories with and enjoy the times you had. 
this thread almost reminds me of youtube arguments. Lots of disrespect and shit going on.
Sorry for your loss
I' m sorry for your loss and I thank you for your service. 
To everyone else thinking this is the time and place to masturbate their political opinions-there's a time and a place for everything-and here, not the place. Show some goddamn respect and keep your fucking head shut. I get it. It's all kinds of not okay. But show some freaking respect. 
Sorry for your loss bro. 
I've been in for five years now. I volunteer to help the wounded transport back to the States. Every litter we carry is harder than the last one. No matter how many litters we carry, I'll never know how heavy it is to carry the pain in my heart of losing a brother/sister-in-arms. God bless you guys.
What's in the box?
It can't be THAT heavy.
I'm sincerely sorry that you were put into that position. I'm so sorry.
As a former Dessert Storm veteran, my condolences.
My absolute deepest sympathies../I too have carried my best friend's casket
I feel your pain..-USN Vet.
R.I.P.  :(
You all go over there shooting and killing others and it's okay because you're the "good guys" Well Fuck War. Killing is wrong no matter what.  We can resolve issues without violence. 
Things like this make me value my freedom.  
Well at least you get to farm karma and sympathy from the man's death right?  
Fellow San Antonian...damn..RIP fella.
I honestly have no idea what you are going through.I just can't fathom it, I really just can't.All I can say is that the men in this picture their faces look very hard,and I know that they all want to stay strong for everyone.But please let your emotions out cry,yell just do what you gotta do with that emotion. Anyways I'm sorry fro your loss.
Sorry for your loss man... RIP 
Why? You had 5 other people carrying the weight. Oh wait, you want to use a dead guy to whore for karma. I get it now. Man .... fuck you bro.
In hindsight, you probably shouldn't have taken 6 Viagra before the service.
RIP Brother
Sorry for your loss.., I find it hard to believe how anonymity can show what some people are in real life or who they're hiding... .It's hard to believe some people actually invest time in making fun or making sarcastic comments to someone who's going through grief..Those who do that have never been in those shoes, once it's their turn they'll see what it is like...
Would you mind sharing a little?
Hats off to yah buddy. I'm sure he did you proud!
Were ice cream and brownies involved? Spelling jokes aside, thanks for your service.
War "for freedom" is the biggest scam. No war is fought for freedom - they all happen because people make money on it. Tons of money. If you believe for one split second that troops killed overseas defend our freedom then you probably also believe that Mickey Mouse and Queen of England are related.  I lived over half of the century in this world and I lived big part of my life under the system that perfected lying to its citizens in ways that makes US government look like amateurs. I know how people are manipulated. All those stories about "worse dictator since Hitler" were told before. There is nothing unique about the threat of terrorism. It is a preventable threat. That our rulers allow to happen because it scares shits out of typical Joe Blow and allows them to steer society away from democratic ideas and toward tightly controlled police state. That is necessary if we allow resources to be plundered as they are now. In 50 years we are done. And the wars over simple things like drinking water will begin. So terrorism is very useful as a dry run. But otherwise preventable. And all this knee jerk patriotism is exactly the reason why we are heading that way.  Ruling elites are lying to us. And we are brainwashed from childhood with honor, homeland, national pride so we "answer the call" whenever they need another dirty war to make few billions. And instead go "defending freedom people in military actually facilitate exact opposite - they allow corporation to take control over our political system and gut our constitutional rights.
One less terrorist in the world. 
Yeah, those things can get REALLY heavy.
MURICA'!
You can have respect for someone when they die, but still at the same time still question why they had to die. 
OP you should work out more, it shouldn't be that hard to lift 1/6th of a casket.  I doubt it was the hardest day of your life i mean there was 5 guys helping you lift that...
Tell us the story.

I am sorry for your loss. He sounded like a hell of guy.
Imagine the day the guy in the box is having
What about the dead Iraqis?
He probably doesn't know them personally.  You're going to die some day.  And he won't care about you dying, either.
They are to blame. Not the corporations that run the country and convinced everyone that they are bad people.
unless OP and ChavezEqualsHERO are actually best pals
The men in the civilian clothes are private security contractors operating in baghdad iraq. This photo was taken days after a teammate died in his sleep from shrapnel he received in fallujah while an active duty marine. This is the side of the war that most people never hear about. 
But Fallujah was like 10 years ago.  At least the battles that we know of.
Thank you for sharing, it's a shame that such professions are essential to the betterment of societal situations. Oorah.
Can you explain the betterment of societal situations part? what does it even mean? Whose societal situation?
Metal in your body can shift and kill you.
Serious question- why are the pallbearers dressed so casually? .Seems a bit disrespectful to me.
why does clothing even matter??????? 
It's an honest question. 
can you not answer the question rather than down voting??????  why should clothes matter? 
The Marine that passed away from prior complications was a civilian contractor when he passed. Those are his teammates that are carrying his casket. Contractors wear civilian attire rather than military uniform.
precisely 
As a former CTR I'm sorry for your loss man. 
My dad is currently in Afghanistan as a civilian contractor. This hit me so hard. .I want my dad to come home.
All I can say is that our folks are far safer during the AFG war than they ever have been in any other war before, by a mile.  Keep that in your thoughts, and I hope your pops makes it home safely.
Something on the order of 85%+ of combat injuries are now survived because of the technological and medical innovations resulting from the last decade of war. It's sad that it takes this to make these advances, but thank the Flying Spaghetti Monster they have been made. My condolences  to the friends and family of that fallen warrior.
This is why war is fucking stupid.... "but  they are fighting for our freedom!"... bullshit, last I checked we were losing that too... bring the fucking troops home
Pretty easy to say war is stupid when death squads aren't marching through your town and killing/hauling away everyone you care about.
Why would they want to bring home the people they trained to tackle nations/governments?
anyone who think we're fighting for freedom is a fucking idiot who soaked up propaganda. We're there for money. 
Because you didn't soak up any propaganda for this opinion...right?  What money...how much...and where does it go?  Show your work.
First of all, the troops are coming home..Second of all, if people always thought war was stupid, then no one would have ever opposed tyrants like Hitler or Stalin, or fuck, even Genghis Khan..Third of all, while I know what you're referring to when you say we're losing our freedoms, we're not.  What's going on with NSA hardly counts as losing all of our freedom..Lastly, this brave guy signed up for something he believed in, to stand up for the little guy, defend his country's rights, and honor himself and his fellow soldiers.  You're belittling his choices by saying what you said.  You're entitled to your opinion, but this is a shitty place to spew it out.
Last I checked, USA's right were threatened by the USA.
Oops.
I'm tired of people saying we aren't free in the US or we are "losing" it.  If they take the time to look around to the rest of the world then they would notice we have it pretty damn good here..Even if I don't always agree with war, I still believe soldiers are heroes.  They are a lot braver than I am!
Just because other countries are . it doesn't make abuse of our freedoms ..
Exactly..It would be like taking a minorities rights away, such as for example women, and saying that they shouldn't complain because their rights are much worse in other countries. 
Um... isn't that exactly what a comparison is?.EDIT:  I didn't read your comment clearly.  Abuse of anyone's freedoms aren't good, of course.  But that being said, everything has to be looked at in perspective.  This new development is a small leak in our bucket of freedom, especially when compared to other countries' freedoms.  

This is a ., for those wondering.
Intentionally left that off because everyone will agree with it. 
Would love a source for that, preferably one that said when they are coming home and how many will be coming..No, war is stupid because it's an evil that requires evil to defeat. I'm a conservative who supports the troops, especially in that era when it was very clear who the enemies were. War sucks because we had to send good men and women over seas in the . to kill people who had been lied and brainwashed (Third Reich) or even forced (Stalin) to fight. They had soldiers who did terrible things knowing full well they were evil deeds, but they also had many young men fighting for them who were too young and naive. And how did we defeat Hitler and Stalin? By throwing good men from our side at them until we kill every man between him and us, including the young men. It needed to be done, but it fucking sucked.. I want to make sure you hear me so I'll say it again: . The government has been slowly whittling away our rights in the name of . for years now. The NSA, the Patriot Act, fuck even the TSA, all examples of terrible policies that they are using to gain power under the guise of protecting us. You know how many people die from terrorist attacks per year? Less than car accidents, cancer, lightning strikes, fucking bears, hell even the police kill more people per year than the terrorists. Yet we're using this faceless enemy to justify additional laws that do not work. .Ahead002 never said anything about the troops other than to bring them home. It's very honorable for a man to sign up to protect his country. But those in power are abusing this patriotic honor. We spend four times on our military than China and seven times more than Russia. We spend more on our military than . . .Why? Has someone declared war on us? We use this faceless form of terrorism as a reason to justify massive amounts of overspending in our military, meanwhile we underfund our schools, our debt is still climbing, and real programs that could benefit our society like NASA are given a half of a percent of our GDP. Meanwhile, our President wants to arm the Syrian rebels who work for Al Qaeda!!! .I am behind the troops 100%, but our nation needs to stop its imperialistic foreign policy and bring our troops home.
That fact that you don't know about the drawdown in AFG makes me consider your actual information of the situation minimal.  They've been talking about it for years with updated information and numbers each time.  ...We're in agreement here.  War may be stupid in a sense, but it is a necessary stupid, so could you really classify it as "stupid"?  Seems like a symantics battle..I understand your gripes, and I echo them, but we have a shit ton of freedoms still in comparison to practically every single other country.  And in reference to the fewer people dying from terrorist attacks per year than bear attacks, don't you think it's possible that's because we took the fight to their HQ instead of letting them continue to come attack America?  And do you have any idea how many TSA screenings have thwarted attack attempts on home soil?  There's plenty of news articles to show TSA successes, and those are just the ones they decide to tell the country about..His comment in its entirety is crass and ill-placed.  It dishonors this fallen hero..
We spend a fuckload of money on foreign defense, this is true.  Is there a way around it?  Maybe.  Do we have the largest presence in the war zone?  Yes.  Are we the global superpower?  Also, yes..
They did declare war on us when they killed thousands on 9/11.  It was an act of war, clear and simple.  Also, they stated immediately afterwards that they were going to keep doing it, and have stated multiple times since they can't wait to do it again..
I agree that we could spend more money on schools or other programs (i.e. NASA), but I'm not going to assume that I am smarter with a few trillion dollars of budgeting than the 100 folks in charge of it all who have a Bachelor's, Master's, and Doctorate in Accounting.  Thankfully, since the drawdown has started, they have already saved a few billion dollars per month..
I'm glad you're behind the troops.  There's some amazing men and women out there putting it on the line for the rest of the country.  Especially those fighting in the ., who get put right in the thick of it all..
My final parting thought would be to point out that it's really not just America interfering in foreign politics.  It's a UN and NATO thing more often.  We just have the largest military presence.  Shit, we even stayed out of Syria for . while France and other countries were flying, bombing, and putting boots on the ground.  Meanwhile 70,000 innocent people in Syria have been murdered.  At what point should we not be obligated (as the superpower) to try to stop those murders?
Honest question, how are you automatically labelled brave by just being in the military?.Follow up.How is fighting in Iran & Afghanistan defending the rights of United States citizens. 
Anytime you sign on to possibly (read:probably) get sent to a war zone, I'd call you "brave".  This guy obviously actually did fight in a war zone.  .As for the "defending his country's rights", freedom and defense of rights is a broad concept.  For one, the taliban and al qaeda literally want pretty much all americans dead.  They think any woman even having a hairstyle "similar to an american movie actress" is a crime punishable by death, and that's just one of their silliest reasons.  On top of that, the US is part of the UN and NATO.  People often remark like it's only the USA fighting in AFG.  There's dozens of allied countries trying to achieve the same goal of toppling the terrorist regimes in order to defend the . rights of fair treatment for all mankind, so maybe that's a better way of looking at it.  
The Taliban and Al Qaeda want Americans dead because the US is continuously intervening in the middle east. Not to mention that the Taliban got where they are today because the US funded them..Sure, in the middle east women's rights are suppressed and are nowhere equal to the rights that women in Western countries enjoy, but is that an adequate reason for war? It is a very ethnocentric thought. .In regards to other allied forces fighting in the middle east as well solely for defending world rights, well I don't quite agree with that opinion. By that logic we should be invading North Korea for the way they treat their citizens. .I guess my point is that I don't think people are brave for fighting in meaningless wars. Because by this logic all the soldiers fighting are brave whether they are American or Taliban. .I do admire soldiers who willingly go to combat and I know it's not their decision which wars are fought, but when people spout this.I can't help but be repulsed by the jingoistic attitude. It isolates the US and causes other nations to dislike us. The US is anything but the little guy. 
So, in summation, you think: .Yeah, I just... I'm baffled.  And by the way, it's only a "meaningless war" to you and people who think the way you do.  Just because you say it's so, doesn't make it so.
No, I was saying that in reference in fighting in the Middle East where we create more terrorists by fighting there. See the first thing I said. .You stated that a good reason to fight was because the Middle East has different morals than we do in the West and by fighting we are some how supposedly changing that. You also state that the reason why the UN allies are fighting as well is because they are defending "the world's rights of fair treatment for all mankind".Yes, by your logic Taliban soldiers are brave. They are fighting for something they believe in, standing up for their cause against the big guy, defending their rights, and honoring themselves and fellow soldiers by fighting. Same logic, just applied to the side you don't like..Please tell how this war has been meaningful? The 'reason' we went to war was because of possible weapons of mass destruction; well, turns out there are none, so what are we fighting for in the middle east then?.And also can you expand upon what you meant by "think the way I do." I am curious why you are disgusted by my logic. I explained why I think the war is meaningless so why do you think it's not?
Dude, I can't explain why guys who blow up buses of children weekly just because they aren't going to a brainwashing taliban school is a bad thing, if you don't already think it is..And you're misquoting me too.  I never said anything about morals..And reasons for things starting have little to do with anything.  War changes and reasons to fight change.  Also, the WMD hunt was primarily in Iraq, not AFG.  AFG was largely due to when the Taliban declared war on the United States on 9/11.  You act like the innocent people of AFG (95% of the country) don't want the United Nations helping them from being coerced, murdered, raped, and held down by a terrorist organization.  .I mean, seriously, this isn't one of those "Are we really the bad guys?" moments.  They're murdering people.  We're trying to stop them from murdering people.  They're trying to murder us and calling it Jihad, and spreading their radical beliefs worldwide cloaked in the guise of "Islam".  We're trying to stop that false propoganda, and ..
The war in Afghanistan was not started because of WMDs.  It was a direct result of the Al-Qaeda  attack on US citizens.  We don't create more terrorists, terrorists create more terrorists.  They use propaganda and religion to make people, usually impressionable children, believe that we are there to oppress them and destroy their religion...which is utter bullshit.  Actually, by his logic Taliban and AQ fighters are NOT honorable.  Brave, maybe..but I'm sure you can use that brain of yours to look at their actions and determine whether what they are doing . constitutes as honorable.  You can use circular logic and say they are the polar equal to NATO troops, but that would be like saying that the Nazis who believed in their cause were also honorable.  Being the forces against the US in a war you may not believe in does not make them good guys, and is a pretty poor stance for a discussion.  You didn't actually explain why you think the war is meaningless, you just spouted counter points to his comment.  Tell us your thoughts, and use real, reliable information to back them up, and maybe this will be a constructive discourse instead of tit for tat arguing about how much you don't believe in wars that you don't know much about.
The heaviest weight one will ever carry is that of a fallen comrade. Rest in Peace and accept our thanks and condolences.
what about 2 fallen comrades
That's like infinity times infinity.
[deleted]
I signed in just to write my dumbass comment. Thanks for stopping by and there are Marine dicks by the front desk for you to suck!
 
God I can't believe I laughed at this
Dude,fuck you.
Someone whose name is SirTrollingtonOfMeme is offended by that? 
Although the OP hasn't, I'll say it, you are a dick. .Not a funny 'Oh that's so DSTFU' kind of dick, an actual real life piece of shit who just tried to get pretend internet points from making a joke about a marine's death kind of dick. .Whatever you do online, your comment making fun of a dead (KIA) marine will be forever searchable on GOOGLE. Way to go DSTFU for being that guy.
So brave.
As someone who has a few family members in active service. i completely agree with you firm.
Looking through your post history, I can tell you really support the army. Your grandfather was a POW and you even suggest signing up as a way of getting money and a home. However, I beg you to reconsider your statement "oh you are just a piece of shit who is trying to get internet points". As of now, my comment is at negative 22 karma. Which surely gives me lots and lots of internet points. Secondly, you need to calm down, you are acting like I just killed a marine and started dipping my balls in his mouth. If this type of thing makes you so mad you have to reply and rant about how I am being disrespectful, you need to re-evaluate the priorities in your life. .My whole life, I loved those "anti-jokes", the crass sudden type of humor. And obviously it's too intense for you to handle. I did not mean to disrespect anybody, especially the Marines because I know what they go through to protect the lives of others. If you are honestly that offended, then you need to .a) get off reddit because trust me, my comment was about as offensive compared to the rest of reddit as an ant is compared to a whale. .b) get off the internet, this anonymous posting brings out the worst in everybody and I fear you are going to get a heart attack because there is a lot of real-ass shit out there.c) realize that jokes are jokes.d) realize that even if you think I was disrespecting the Marines, you were disrespecting me and that doesn't make you any better of a human than I. .e) realize that I don't care if I'm google-able. I don't even understand why you think that will stop me from making crass jokes. Are you older than 40 or something? OH GEE HE MADE A MEAN JOKE NOW ITS ON THE INTERNET AND HE WON'T BE ABLE TO SLEEP. JUST TERRIBLE
I was feeling every letter point besides f) ... Not offended or anything, but I thought it was the only point you made that took away from all of your other points. 
Edited, didn't want people to flame f) and ignore the rest of the comment
good call. I laughed at your joke. It was inappropriate, and is liable to offend, but that is the risk you take when telling a joke. And if it is going to drive someone to rant and rave online, then maybe that person is better off not commenting, or reddit-ing in general. 
I originally thought your joke was funny in a really crass, un-PC way, but your "get off Reddit" comment really irks me. Don't act like you own Reddit or know the run of the place. And don't get all butthurt if people shit on you for your dickish jokes when you KNOW they're dickish jokes.
No. You are wrong. That joke would've been fine anywhere else besides a picture of a fucking soldiers that fought and gave his life for your shitty excuse of a life. Now if you think that people would laugh at that on this subreddit you are completely wrong. Get your ass back to . if you can't be trusted to contain your inappropriate comments to your fucked up mind.

As well, I do agree that making bad jokes will put me on the street. That is a totally logical statement to make. 
OK, I'll play..I'll have to pick a name when I refer to you from now on, as DSTFU doesn't do it for me. Let's call you 'Harry' from now on, just a name out of the blue, but Harry is a good enough name. Let's also make a few assumptions about you Harry, as you've made a few about me (not all that accurate either), lets assume you live in Toronto and that you have no idea what it's like to serve or indeed lose friends and possibly become injured yourself..I'm just spit balling here, but I'm going to assume you are from an upper middle class family, and you have this huge issue with entitlement. You think you're entitled to say what you want, to whom you want (or is it who you want). Anyway, let's get to your asinine list..A) Get off reddit? 
Answer - Nope. .B)Get off the internet? 
Answer - Nope..C)Realize that jokes are jokes.
Answer - You are not funny. Your 'Joke' isn't a joke. Perhaps you should take your aspie ass (another assumption) to a therapist and ask for some social skills training. Making a joke about a dead service member is about the lowest form of comment anyone could make, and regardless of delivery it's not going to be funny. .D)Blah Blah Blah.
Answer - This is the entitlement thing. You think you had a right to be disrespectful, yet avoid any sense of retribution or criticism. Nope, you have a right to be heard (the marine died defending your right to be heard), however you don't have a right to be agreed with and you sure as shit do not have a right to silence or avoid opposing views and judgment regarding your stupid comment..E)Realize that you don't care about being google-able.
Answer - If you don't care, why did you make a list?
Let me go on to say that if you ever wish to get a job in government (in the U.S. or in CA), you're going to have a very hard time doing that. As much as you think your 'anon' account will remain so, it's not. Your IP is registered along with your comment, and that's about all there is to that. As for being any age, grow up kid. Do you honestly think people get to be an arbitrary age and somehow grow an ass for a brain?.F)Way to go me for sucking a dead marine's dick?
Answer - The level of sadness, of loneliness that must exist in your life to harbor thoughts of sucking dead veterans dicks, is just, sad. I actually feel bad for you. There must be so much wrong with your life on so many levels where you honestly think you can function in society without any form of moral compass. You must hurt inside so much that your only coping mechanism is to wear blinders and attack the world with the 'I don't give a fuck, I'm always right, fuck the world' attitude. You need help kid, do the world a favor and get some. 
I'm actually really surprised because my best friend's name is Harry and I do indeed live in Toronto :D
Look kid, whatever you want to say online is on you at the end of the day. However, please take into account that the OP may being going through some stuff and may be having a hard time dealing. Perhaps they posted the pic online in an effort to reach out to the world for a little help, needing a hand on their shoulder while they deal with this shit. .You making jokes about this stuff is something you'll think back on in years and kick yourself for being so heartless - if you develop normally..That's me done with it, and I'm surprised your parents didn't teach you to have a little respect. I'd like to think you're not really the dick you pretend to be..Peace.
doxxed bitch
cool
that's fucking hot.
Keeping up foreign relations 
shwing
I hope you plane on marrying her.
Man, this picture really FLEW to the top of the front page!
Is your gf single 
Most epic selfie ever. That honor is now closed, for good. She rocks. You are lucky. 
That jet is part mine, I don't appreciate her texting and . flying.
You were in a 4-g inverted dive with a mig-28?! At what range? 
She has beautiful jet black pupils.
Has anyone ever told you your gf is badass?
I feel the need...
Right in the cockpit
She looks high
You shouldn't use your phone while driving. 
She should really keep her eyes on the . sky
Has anyone ever tried to send a message in flight? I feel like it doesn't work out too well.
What was she doing during that selfie?
You should send her a picture of you from the kitchen making a sandwich.
Looks like an f-16d model incentive flight if anyone was wondering 
Cool, love the cosplay...
doesn't using her cell phone make her plane crash like they tell me on the airlines?
Holy shit.  You're dating a cyborg. Skynet has taken over.
Crew chief on those for 6 years in the USAF, never got a ride. Must be nice......
Why is this so hot?
There's always rabble about taking pictures with your phone while driving...seems like we've got a double standard here, Reddit!
So she's a backseat driver har har.  They run the weapons and radar, sleep with one eye open...
I bought ace combat when it was on sale yesterday during the steam sale as well. 
I love your girlfriend 
texting and flying
Tell her thank you for her service!!!! And that's the best selfie in the history of the selfie!!!
this takes texting while driving to a whole new level
TEXTING AND FLYINGGGGG
How does it feel to have a badass for a girlfriend? 
Coolest girlfriend ever.
Relevant. I wish I could find a .gif!
So that's pretty cool. So she has beautiful eyes! So please tell me she texted you that from the air? So.
Holy freaking gorgeous eyelashes on top of all the other epic coolness in this pic.
Your gf is hot
You cant use phones on planes!
That's hot. Love badass chicks. 
Dannnga Zone..
i'm assuming no one knew who she was until she put on the mask...now im curious what she looks like under it
bad bitch.
Just because she's a pilot doesn't mean that she's cool. 
Does anyone else think that jet pilots are really hot, just on principle?.EDIT: Screw that, all jet pilots are hot. Even the guys. No shame!
Way sexier than nudes. Not ashamed. 
Do a barrel roll!
Texting while flying?!?!?!?
Yup. You win. [Drops mike, walks off stage]
Dem eyes...
Is it wrong to say your girlfriend turns me on?
Is . your .? 
Your GF is a badass. 
Hahahaha so funny..Most probably the one on her selfie must be herself. Are you expecting somebody else? 
I'm always told to turn my phone off. what is this nonsense
Beautiful eyes, super bonus.
Marry that.
So since your girlfriend is a pilot.  Is it true that you have to be near perfect to perfect in everything to become a pilot? A jet fighter pilot.
I am a man. And very gay. And this is fuckin HOT!!!!!!!

10/10 would navigate
Acceptable selfie.
Don't text and fly.
Cause she's so hiiiiiiiigh, high above me
Babe caught me flying


This is the coolest fuckin picture ever!
I swear to fucking god it really feels like this is the third time i've seen this picture posted, it seriously feels like it.

She has reallllly pretty oxygen mask
If your GF is an USAF pilot/student pilot...consider taking this down.  Frowned upon by posting online, and I personally know of a pilot who is in a court marshal right now for the same type of stuff. Obviously not a harmless selfie portrait, but you never know who may see it...
Cool pic though :) .Source: USAF pilot's wife....

Meh... kind of a plane photo, if you ask me. 



F-16 pilots look great in their helmets but if she trains for 
A selfie of herself? O rly?
COBRA!!
hottest self pic ever. no bewbz needed.

Downvote for "so".
Downvote all you want but OP needs to wife her before everyone else finds out she flies an F16.


You are lucky... as long as she is a good girl hang on to her.
You are a shill that has been called out by ...To see what they wrote about you, go here:
Most badass wife! You can tell her I told you that
Pretty sure i have seen this before. Same eyes as some other guy who posted his GF in a jet. Cool picture nontheless
You win.
Wow she's really high.
OMG SHE'S SO MUCH HOTTER THAN GIRLS WHO DON'T FLY JETS.bye
What do YOU do? Because you'd better have a badass job. Surgeon? Rockstar? Scientist?
Copilot? . Talk to me when she does something cool with her life. .Brb, mom wants me to clean my room.
She likes to ride the rocket
So I take it she's usually on top?
a selfie of herself
i see
You sir are a BADASS. Even if you do have to do everything she tells you, as soon as she tells you to do it. You are still a BADASS. Now get back in the kitchen and make her a pie.
First off, that's awesome! Second, tell her we say thank you for her service! 
DAT violation of the defense secrecy act 
bad ass
I wonder who wears the pants in that relationship. 
That's fking sick! Good luck to you and her! Hope she stays safe as she can up there!
Wow... I don't know what I expected, but I was pretty damn shocked to see her eyes so far down in the helmet.  .I'm not a smart man.

Was it in airplane mode?
shes the one with a cockpit
Your girlfriend is the coolest girlfriend.
I love how you can see the reflection of her holding the phone off of her helmet. 
Getting high without you. 
Amazing!
selfie of herself? are there selfies of others? are they called otheries?
"Pilot! You're too fabulous! Eject! Eject!"

No one is crying repost over this? Either redditors have broken memory capacity or I must be psychic.

Dude that's badass. 
I hope that electronic device is switched to aircraft mode.
She sent you a photo of her while high?
Rock on! The husband sent me a few of those when he was flying long distances (over Pacific) whilst in the Marines.  Saved 'em all to show the kids some day.
Yea and Jesus just sent me 200 dollars with western union 
Thank you for calling the Office of Redundancy Office, thank you for calling.
Let's see one of her tailpipe  .I mean the aircraft you sickos
Back seat of the F-16. No texting and flying.
She wouldn't happen to be a cadet at USAFA??

"Gf"
I'm really not a fan of the slow creep of the word selfie into acceptance.  it sounds like baby talk.  That being said, your girlfriend is a badass.  
She can get service up there but I've only got one bar in my house!?

Beats how I drive my car everyday 
is she wearing eyeliner? i thought you are not allowed to as it can rub off and clog the instruments, (that is also why you don't polish your shoes if you are a fast jet pilot)
See phones don't affect airplanes!

Your gf is a motherfucking boss. Period. End of story. 
A jet pilot girlfriend. You know how freaking lucky you are?

I'm putting my money on this one. She is definitely on Ops.

Takes one to know one...
Weird, I saw the exact same post a few months ago... 
I was thinking that too, but in that case it was somebodies "sister"

Greatest Facebook profile pic ever...
wife it

So lemme get this straight:.GF gets to ride fighter jets, GF chooses to ride you.You are as sweet as a fighter jet.Well done, sir.

Dude, your girlfriend looks high as fuck.
Dat reflection...

So your GF is a fighter pilot... meh. My wife bakes macaroons. Macaroons!

She's driving with her knee

women drivers am i right
Dear KWCRG_KarmaBank,.We regret to inform you your girlfriend has passed during a training exercise.  She was taking a selfie..Signed,
U.S.A.F.

Welcome to the Danger Zone!

Bombing Afghans.

Does she let you wear her helmet? 

<Sniff> A selfie  of who? <sniff>
fixed that for you


10/10 would... sonic boom!

Suddenly Guile


I feel bad about my life now. 

Wherever you work, this is the picture of her you should keep on your desk/in your locker/in your immediate area.
I literally just said "oh, fuck off" then closed the picture out of sheer jealousy.
Yet, here you are

I'll bet she gives great helmet
LONE STAR! 

Of course, head safety first.

Tower, this is Ghost Rider requesting a fapby...

That's twice! I want some butts!

That'll just about do it for the fapbys
Negative Ghost Rider, my palm is full.
hmmm that is really attractive to have a gf that does that.

You realize this statement implies you find OP more attractive because he has a gf that does that, right?

It looks like she's maching you.

Brilliant. I like you.
That's plane to see
Ahhh, so clever with only 24 upvotes?.This joke must have flown right over everyones head.

Soo much awesome mad props...  what model?

Your kids will have the coolest mom in the world! 

You, sir, have a bad ass girlfriend. 

Well, she's not a pilot. And probably on an incentive / cadet flight based on the empty Velcro and no rank. Not saying she isn't badass, just pointing this out.

Plot twist: Empty Velcro is from uniform sanitization when flying thru North Korean -No Fly Zone!


[deleted]
Why did the mods let this through the filter? Quickmeme links are banned sitewide
Boys like girls who have unique skills.

Let's be honest, we could just say that.  Flying the jet is just a huge bonus.

You are so fun 

He's my kind of fun
Fun police ops center here, do you need backup?
F16
I work on F-16s and I love that aircraft to death. Pilots are usually pretty cool, too. Unlike those dirty, dirty F-15 people. 
That F-15 flyby roar is something else though.
And yet the Thunderbirds are F-16s!

Eglin?
Nah, those are the F35's overhead all day fucking long.
F35 is not the only fighter at Elgin/hurlburt.
There are quite a few F-15s and F-16s at Eglin. They've been there a lot longer than the 35s.





She was doing a ridealong in a two-seat F-16B, I assume?

D-model. Very few Bs left (Edwards still uses them for flight test chase). 
F-16D more likely, they don't really use B models much anymore that I know of.

Yea, It looks like a 16b block 40. Block 50's have new avionics which allow the pilot to use the improved helmet w/ integrated avionics. Its a cousin to the 35 helmet.
I can't really be sure but it looks like a B model because of her distance to the tail fin. As well as her console has a full monitor instead of the HUD.
Source: I worked on these for 4 years.

Later she'll be giving the pilot a ridealong
That would be awesome!! Well, considering she is also a woman.

Family addition f16
Edition.FTFY

No, family addition is what they attempted later that night

eww duck face
That's a super weird looking kitchen. 

Wait, this comment gets upvoted on reddit now? Congrats, ., you're YouTube now.

2edgy4me



She was in a 4g inverted dive with a MiG28?
So your the one?
Yes ma'am
Too bad they used F-5 Tigers... 

At what range?

About 2 meters. 

Well its actually about one and a half, i think, about one and a half.  I've got a great polaroid of it.
What were you doing there lieutenant?
Communicating. Keeping up foreign relations. 

Communicating
Keeping up foreign relations
He was giving him the bird.

You know, the finger

I know...  The finger.. Lieutenant 
Yes I know the finger....Now I need to go buy this in BluRay...

[coughs]Bullshit!
It was actually about one and a half, I think. I've got a great Polaroid of it, and he's right there. Must be one and a half.

It was a nice picture
I shoulda been a photographer..
...goddamn .here's your upvotes...
Way to break the chain ice man. 

no props, its a jet.

And she's not a model, she's a pilot. 

Don't text and fly.

You can see she's not the pilot. Look in the reflection of her helmet.

Confirmed. Here's the reflection..Still cool though.

That's how Asiana 214 went down. Pilot Po Sig Nol was resending a selfie from 30,000 ft. 

Careful, don't want to get sued now...

Gah, people are so careless these days, I almost got hit by a plane while the pilot was texting. 

they're not meant to do this. drop it down the side of the ejection seat, can't get to it? they have to disassemble the cockpit to get the fucker out
It takes a crane to get it out.

Couldn't they just pull some negative Gs and it would float back up?

It is super dangerous to have lose objects floating around. Not only can it come back up and hit you in the face, it could also get stuck in or under something important (like the ejection seat itself)..If you drop a screw or a pen or something, they will ground the plane and you get to spend however long it takes tearing it apart piece by piece until you find it.
By 'you' you mean someone other than the pilot, of course. 
Or flip over like in Hot Shots.
"Ah fuck Dave, I dropped my phone."."DO A BARREL ROLL!"
A barrel roll is a positive g manoeuvre. The phone wouldn't move.....


As it turns out, a barrel roll is a 1G maneuver: . while performing one.
at that speed it's a goose face

Goose died . .thanks for bringing back old Top Gun memories . . . (he loved you Maverick)
Oh, I like you. I mean, I . like you.
u want sum fuk?

She must have been at the proper .ing speed then.
She could probably keep that pace until Sundown.
Surely, you jest . . . er.

Nice pic. .I'll be back in a few. Gotta hit the kitchen..My drink needs more Ice, man.

The setup for that pun lasted from sun up to Sundown 
Nipples.  Fuck, I'm terrible at this.

It's ok, not everyone can be a Maverick.
Top Gun

Tom Cruise. 

Tom Gun

Top Cruise

Matt Damon

[F-16] Be [g]entle it's my first time.

Well this sounds illegal.....
I won't tell if you don't! ;D





Nothing get's past this guy.  


TIL imgur is case sensitive.  Typed in . (NSFWish) :/

Is that...is that Mindy from Drake and Josh?
There is a pornstar who looks exactly like Allison Scagliotti (Mindy from drake and Josh) named Amber Rayne. Though I have no idea if the picture is actually Amber Rayne.

I tried this with my own twist one late night..This has probably been done before without a doubt, but it's my screencap, dammit

"meat dripping wet".Somehow both erotic and repugnant...
"Real mature" hahahahahahah 


Best goddamn comment in the entire internet.
F/16/Iraq
Baby I want to see your nosecone. 
Mmmm gurl, dat exhaust port
even with airplanes, it's all about the butthole

fucking internet... all I can think is goatse now...
Goatse: Now featuring fighters.
HNGGG that airbrake.

That airbrake can drag my thrust anytime.
dat

Is your gf single?

We should just get it over with and have this exact comment auto-stickied to the top of every single post from now on.


Hey man, just because there is a goalie, that doesn't mean you don't try and score. 
I think that applies to cock blocking friends.
Who should tell him?.I dont want to hurt his feelings.
I got this.

I don't think you'll hurt his feelings. I mean, if his gf is single then she is fair game for me, right?

Does she ever text you while flying?  Im imagining something like 'omg this plane is super fast' or 'lmao, just banged a sonic boom over an outdoor tom petty concert'.

If you try to text while in a plane, the navigation system shuts down and the wings fall off, right?.More seriously, I would wonder if she had cell reception up that high/moving that fast.
Whats service like up there? It better be faster 4g in that fucker

This is probably an incentive flight.
I'd be more inclined to vote student pilot.  Most units aren't allowing incentive flights because of the sequestration / furloughs. 


What's that? 

Basically it's a reward for being good. They offer 'em to non-pilot folks on bases with the aircraft. There's actually a wiki page on 'em.

That's pretty damn cool.  I imagine it would suck to be around those fighter jets all the time and never know what it's like to actually fly in one.
I had one in an F-16 about 8-9 years ago.  It was pretty awesome.  We flew over the Grand Canyon.
I wouldn't know.  I was on one of the few air force bases without any aircraft.  That's worse.

My grandpa worked on ., never got to fly in one.  I think it might have only had one seat, but still he always worked on it and never knew what it was like to fly in it.
It really sucks watching every other person on base getting a flight and not one maintainer gets one.

If you have USAA and are on a card with a rewards program, you can save up enough points for one of the rides.

I worked on F-16s for the better part of a decade. It does suck not going up but at the same time I know how drunk/hungover some of the maintenance people were so I am okay with never having experienced it! 


As a new engineer in the defense and aerospace industry, this is actually one of my concerns if I ever get to the level of engineering a new jet..It blows my mind that some companies won't let the engineers out to the first flight unless there's a reason for you to be there.
They should have the engineers ride along on the first flight, I bet they'll triple check everything then...
sounds like tits on a bull
9/10 Times they give them to "nonners" I.e. non sortie producing members..It's an insult to the maintainers who slave on these jets for up to 12-14 hours a day (depending on base ). .They bust their asses and slave only to have an exceptional finance or services troop come get a flight in something the maintainers have dedicated 1000s of hours into maintaining.  

fucking nonners! with their fucking lunch breaks and office parties. Oh sorry I took the 20 minutes I had to get my shots taken and made you wait to get a piece of god damn cake.
You get to go on a ride if you do good.
Huh, I think this is one of the rare cases where "do good" is grammatically correct.

I would NOT call a ride in a cargo plane an incentive. Too many hours in the back of a C-130 years ago regards. 
If you do it every time, it probably sucks. If you get to do it once, it is probably awesome. Especially if you can sit on the ramp (tethered, of course)..I would certainly call it an incentive (for me).

Air travel was a lot worse 130 years ago.

I C what you did there...

Pretty fast, but mostly just downwards.
Still in use today by the ISS.



'I wish this plane was as fast as you lol jk ;P'



This is the last text OP's girlfriend sent before crashing into North Korean MiG.  Don't text and fly kids.
OHHHH SNAPPPP!!!

, hows med school goin?

oh hey! it's going!! stressful but fun!

WHAT!

Gurl, are you at 6 g's? 'Cause you're knocking me out.

3G should be enough to send that photo.
Maybe it's the heat, but I just laughed for like 10 minutes after reading that
6/10 g's would not immelman.
Immelman is Immelman.


9

I think that the average person can handle about 5 g before passing out..Edit: You dick waffles can stop filling my inbox with the 9g with g suit stuff. I don't need 40 replies saying that.  

Yes, but fighter pilots wear G-suits which constrict bloodflow in the legs preventing blood rushes. These allow them to sustain 9G's temporarily.
G suit adds ~1-2 Gs of tolerance, and AGSM (Anti-G Straining Maneuver) adds another ~2-3 Gs. With the normal ~5 a human can sustain decently well for a few seconds, that allows ~9 G maneuvers in high performance aircraft without passing out..Souce: AF aerospace phys tech--we teach this stuff! =D.Edit: added approximation marks, because G tolerance has a large amount of variability

G-suits only give you 1 to 1.5 g tolerance, though.  It's mostly the anti-g strain maneuver (that 'hick' breathing you hear in pilot videos) that gets you through the g load.

"According to my research, "humans can withstand very high Gs but it all depends for how long do we withstand them! People have survived high Gs in accidents and plane crashes (some times up to friction of second with 80 Gs). The human tolerances depend on the size of the g-force, its length, time, direction, and the persons posture. In addition g-tolerance is often trainable; and there is also considerable variation in innate ability between individuals..High G for long period are experienced by aviators (stunt pilots and so.) 10  12 Gs for a few seconds, and astronauts during liftoff (its lower Gs for longer periods).And us during a cough (3.5 g) and during a sneeze (2.9 g).Lethal car accidents are usually around 30  60 Gs".Apparently just sitting down in a chair is 10.4 gs of acceleration. So we can withstand quite a lot."

I'm not saying this is incorrect, but you're referencing a Yahoo! Answers page that in turn sources from an AOL Answers page.

I've always thought about this with Iron Man... if he's going mach 1 and suddenly stops himself, wouldn't he explode inside his suit, like hitting a titanium alloy wall?

Simply assume some compensating technology, and your disbelief will be suspended once again. Be creative.

with that suit he's certainly compensating for 

probably his penis.
...a lack of super powers?

Movie. 



I like how your source is Yahoo Answers, whose source is AOL Answers.

Welp, time to go test that one out!
Dammit Barney, the line was "Challenge accepted"!

I got your beer, bro.





That cat went full honey badger.

Your dad is awesome. Your mom was lucky to have you guys, and you were lucky to have her.
She sees it.
That's awesome. Before my grandpa died he used to have a garden of giant sunflowers... He loved those things. I think last time a family member drove by their old house they were still there, and he died 15 years ago. 
The Coldplay song Yellow came on as I clicked this. That was neat.
RIP mom
Where are you located?
Was it just for an emotional gesture or will you be doing something with the 20 acres worth of sunflowers you have? 
Who thought sunflowers wouldn't work?
United States - northeast
Oh god, Mother 3 flashbacks!
I am crying! This is amazing, and beautiful, and lovely, and all those other words that are making my heart swell and eyes tear up! Your dad is amazing and I am sure your mother would have loved this!!
Aww this is sweet!
People weren't sure if we could plant so many sunflowers over such a huge field (but he was able to, with a tractor). Also, different crops including corn and alfalfa were grown on that same field before. Farmers told us that it might not work (I don't know why, considering how quickly they grow), but it's going to be interesting what will happen with the next crop. But crop rotation is good, right?!
What is the life span of a sunflower? Does it all die back in the winter? How long is the field green? Is it self-sowing, due to the seed heads?
Northeast? Hmm I can really only think of upstate NY or Vermont having lots of land suitable for growing this much crop (even if it is flowers). Either way, lovely. Sunflowers are my favorites and I just want to frolic in this vast sea of them..If you believe in an afterlife, best know your mum is absolutely delighted at this gesture.
Planet Earth, North of the Equator
Sunflower seeds for free, biotch!
I love sunflowers also. This is beautiful! I hope they make you both smile :)
Thank you. They really make me smile :) a beautiful expression of love from my dad. But I wish my mom was able to see it.
I lost my mom 2 years ago, so I know how you're feeling, but this must be a really nice way to remember her :)
 a field full of sunflowers. .you're welcome.
a field full of sunflowers can mean anything, but there's a beautiful and tragic story behind this one.
my mistake, i thought i was in a sub where people post pictures that are interesting without the sob story.
Wow. We actually just sold our farm and the flowers started to bloom after we left. That would be nice if the sunflowers still grow year after year...holding my mom's memory alive. 
Achoo!
Just saw something like this in Vermont, was that yours?
Nope. My state is south of Vermont.
Thank you. Means a lot 
That's actually my favorite song!
Thank you. My dad is my absolute role model, having handled such a tragedy with dignity and love. 
Right in the FEEELS man!
20 acres! wow.
have you seen calendar girls?  They have a beautiful part about sunflowers in that movie that your dad would like. 
I have not seen it. I'll be sure to check it out :)
SPECTACULAR!  My late wife also loved sunflowers.  Though I live in suburbia, I try to plant about a dozen of them every year (but not this year).  We loved to watch the Gold Finches dine and cavort.
I know right?  Out here in Colorado, they grow like, well...like wild flowers.  As a teenager, I was tasked to remove these every summer from our back yard, they just kept coming back!.Unless the seeds came from a plastic bag with the name, "David" on it, I would have imagined the same results as OP's pics.
Did anyone else think of Mother 3?
This made me think of Ringworld. On the Ringworld there are genetically engineered plants called sunflowers. They are designed to track anything flying within range, and focus the sunlight on them. Big enough fields of them can bring down anything flying.
or yknow, just take her to a sunflower farm/field
my dad's expression of love and honor for my mom.
I love your dad!
me too. :)
That is a really sweet gesture, but is it going to hurt you guys financially? 20 acres seems like a lot of land to plant a field on that you aren't harvesting, if you are used to the income from it. 
It did not hurt us financially. It was worth doing to bring some positiveness to a tragedy.
Well, I am glad to hear that. Do they smell good? I have planted sunflowers, but never enough to notice if they have a pleasant aroma. 
Thanks Reposting Fag!
All I can think of is this :)
sea pancakes!
Irwin killers
The two in the back are sharing a high five over the awesomeness of this picture. 

I can't understand how the surface can just be invisible like that..Edit. Nevermind it actually is visible. It took a few looks to see what was going on.
I think this might be Stingray City in Grand Cayman.
You know what we be fun? If we posted this photo every month forever and ever and ever and ever
That's more surreal than the first time I had sex. There were no sting rays during the sex either :(
SEA PANCAKES!!!!!!
Took me a second to realize where the water line was.  I was confused until it was found.  
I thought the waves were mountains in the horizon at first. Couldn't figure out what the flying pancakes were.
Why is this downvoted? It's a true and accurate statement and it's his cake day to boot.
Photographer: .Details:
Such majestic sea pancakes.
HUEHUEHUEHUE DAE SEE THAT ONE POST ON THE FRONT PAGE YESTERDAE THAT SAID MANTA REY'S ARE SEA PANKCAKES?!!!??!?! LMAO LOL LOL SO FUNNEh11!!!
god dammit! you beat me to it 
And here I thought I had a funny and relevant comment, just to find EVERYONE else had the same notion haha oh well. upvote for you anyway!

same here and I never get these
neat, but I just want to crush it. 
Baffled.
Anybody know if would be possible silver or gold plate something like this?
House of Baratheon.
This actually wasn't carved from an egg shell.
Good to know there are people with even less to do in their lives than me.  
That looks more like an Ostrich egg.
Well, Now we all know what you do all day!
I realize this is an ostrich egg, but someone else posted chicken eggs so it's possible with them, too. My question is how? What kind of tools do you need to even attempt this?
"Ours is the fury."
-House Baratheon
They were selling one of these hollow egg things in a shop and I thought it would be a good idea to throw it at my brother and say "think fast". It didn't turn out well...
It's always amazed me; the people that have the patience to accomplish this.
... ugh the sound that these must have made while scratching and carving makes me wanna freak out.
And now for the last detail.... 
Here's some more - 
would love to see a jason/halloween mask
Yes, I'm sure someone would know.
Since the plating process uses electricity and organics are generally insulators, you must first paint with a conductive coating. Then, it is just like coating anything metal. . is an example..However, I think that takes away from the beauty of something delicate being carved.
Actually, what you're linking to is a chicken (? i think, based on size) eggshell, OP linked an ostrich eggshell. It's about double the size of your hand and incredibly hardy. You can tell by looking at the bottom, where it is not quite circular - this is where they make a 1inch circular cut to release the fluid inside, which is typical of all ostrich eggs used for carvings
Either way, these chicken ones are even more impressive!

"Ours is the Furry! Came here to say it and I said it!!
Yeeeeah, if I could just draw a cat, that'd be great.
What kind of egg was that? It's amazing.
Ostrich egg, and according to a shopkeeper I met in South Africa, they can withstand up to 400 pounds of pressure. I could be wrong though, my memory is pretty pathetic.
Cool couldn't imagine a chicken egg standing up to that..ty for reply =)
you just do it slowly with something like a dental drill
Worth a try, then post it to 
That chickens ass must've hurt when she crapped that out with all those sharp edges
I don't even.... no!
How in the fuck?
Don't you mean "Eggshellent"?
How dose one carve an eggshell? 
Start with a large egg shell, trace out the basic pattern, use a Dremel.
not by punching it. That's usually mistake #1
Shit! If only you had told me that 12 eggshells ago ..... 
Thank you.  
lol, well I hope you don't take that procedure too seriously... it would work, especially on an ostrich egg... you'd also need an exacto/scalpel..The "trick" here is the ostrich egg... makes it much easier because of how thick/strong it is.
Lol I wasn't actually going to start attacking an eggshell that way ;) they do look cool though so I will have a go at carving a few. What else am I ment to do with all the ostrich eggs I have laying around? 
I'm tempted to do it with chicken eggs... I just don't have a good enough idea to carve into it.
I was just going to start with geometric shapes and maybe some flowers.  I think practice is important before over thinking a design.  Then again maybe working toward a nice design will help keep you motivated. . .I don't think I will make it to this level but hay it's good for inspiration. 
Yeah, that's my problem... motivation. I can fiddle with lots of stuff with more of a benefit than carving eggs, so it has to have an intention.
Find something you really like and keep it mind to build up to. Or try setting yourself a time related goal maybe you give people carved eggs at easter instead of chocolate ones. 
Wow
egg nobody got time for dat
This is an ostrich egg. Note the not-quite-circular part of the egg at the bottom - this is where they make a 1inch circular cut to release the fluids inside. Ostrich eggs are very large (about 2-3 times the size of your fist), and can easily take about 200lbs weight (I have stood on them before! very weird). 
I have one back home that has the continent of africa engraved into it and a lightbulb inside..source: south african.edit: Also, these are incredibly common. This one is probably about R500, which translates to about $50. Another common thing to do with ostrich eggs is paint them, like so: 
200lbs?! How much does a baby weigh?  This seems almost ridiculous.  I want to believe, but I don't think an egg can be up to 200 pounds.  Maybe 20 at a world record.  I thought that eggs only weighed between 3 and 5 pounds.  .Edit: totally read your statement wrong... :(  It's shell can withstand up to 200 lbs of weight.  My apologies, I'm sitting here at a [7].
I think he meant up to 200lbs of force can be placed on the egg. Baby ostriches only weigh 2lbs when they are hatched. 
That must be a strange looking ostrich
Sometimes Reddit takes all the wonder from the world. :(
Are you kiddin' me? The context just makes it more interesting!
He meant they can withstand 200lbs, not that they weigh that much. 
Me and my brothers used to make a bunch of these when we were kids and have "dart wars" with them.  They are quite effectively and moderately painful.
You know those toothpicks with the frilly colored plastic ends they put in sandwiches? Yeah, deadly accurate mini-blow dart, minus the effort.
Man, I made sooooo many of these as a kid. 
I accidentally shot a kid in the eye with a staple.
 Coathanger, sharpened by holding a file to it while its spinning in a dremel. Fletching made of thread wrapped with coil wire. Fired from a blowgun made of a curtain rod. It's quite effective!
you could swap the pin out for a syringe/needle, push it all the way through the eraser, and soak the hairs in poison..
The idea of touching a cigarette filter makes me freak out.
I honestly thought that was going to be a doll-house sized broom...
Why the fuck is everyone saying .?
I love prison-tech, and other Macgyver stuff like this
I used to make these with my buddy and shoot them at an old cork dartboard we got at a garage sale. Our favorite was a variation of the eraser dart design where the whole pencil was left on the eraser and we used thumbtacks with shorter needles to hold fluffed out twine on the back. Those bad boys would get stuck almost 2 inches into drywall when we missed the dartboard!
Just a hint for non-smokers. Smoke shops have filters in packs of 250 for $2-3$. That way you dont have to get mouth herpes from picking butts off the ground.
I want this in the next Fallout game
I would just make them with a push pin and a cone of scotch tape at the back. Roll a tube out of paper and you are done..You could sink the entire metal part of the pushpin into wood at 10 paces. Needed pliers to pull it out. Many time the plastic would just pull off the metal pin.
Man, non smokers really lose their shit over anything cigarette related 
those make the best blowgun darts...   Copper pipe comes in that size and so does pvc pipe  it may be a quarter inch or 3/8ths  then all you need is a dart board or what ever you think is a worthy target. 
Teenage boys don't need to know this exists
more like mini quidditch broom
I'm proud of you. 
Darts aren't that expensive. Just buy some darts.
Since most of us have upgraded items while in our offices now, here is how to make fairly inaccurate, but extremely quick and painful darts for office warfare..Items Needed:.Coffee Stirrers.Stapler.Compressed Air.Pliers/Snips (Optional, read on).Take 1 coffee stirrer, and bend a small part of one end back, use a stapler and half staple it (refer to . if this doesn't make sense)..Now, bend the other half of the staple out OR (and this is the better option) take a pair of snips and cut the staple at a diagonal, making a nice, pointy, and very jagged edge..Now, for propellant. Grab a can of compressed air. .Slide the coffee stirrer over the end of the compressed air straw (coffee stirrers are the perfect size to fit over the end). .These suckers are only accurate to about 4-6 feet, but they sting like the dickens if you get stuck with one. If using the snipped tip method, they are capable of piercing skin through clothing, and even sticking into dry wall, shoe and wallet leather with a good shot..Protip: Don't hold down the trigger on the air gun, a full but quick bump is all you need. If you hold the trigger down after it has left the compressed air straw, you will have issues with accuracy..Protip 2: Dab of super glue on the staple right before shooting. I recommend only doing this at jobs you plan to quit the same day.
Holy shit, make sure you aren't the last person to say Star Wars.
Balloon on the end of an empty  toilet paper roll. Insert marble, pull back on balloon with marble in hand.  Deadly sling shot. Broke wire reinforced glass with one in class in 4th grade.  That was some trouble. 
I bet that is a stinky dart
I remember reading a story in elementary school, I can't recall the name, where pushcart vendors were sabotaging each other using pins pushed through olives as darts, which they'd then shoot out of a tube.  I'd pop each-other's tires or something.
"... And 100 other ways to tell you're a meth addict!".In stores now!
Yeah i bet that smells good
Push pins (the kind you use on bulletin boards) can be shot out of a piece of half inch PVC pipe. 
I used to just use a needle in a fly fishing hook with the hook removed
I got one of these in the face when I was in secondary school. Walked through the classroom door for Latin and . - dart hanging out of my cheek. I'm lucky it wasn't two inches higher or it'd have been hanging out of my eye instead.
When I was in junior high, myself and a few other guys bought some cheap blowguns at the local flea market, along with around 100 of the steel wire darts they were selling with them. Eventually lost all of the darts we bought and started making our own. We used everything from duct tape and nails to feathers and thumbtacks. Some worked better than others, but I like the way your design looks. I dunno, seeing it brought back memories.
This is almost identical to the one found in the "Anarchist's Cookbook" except it used 6 pieces of yarn instead of the cigarette butt. 
Happen to have a video or any pictures of it being thrown? It doesn't seem like it is that heavy, so does is still have any puncturing power?
I hate everybody in this thread who is bragging about how they'd make things like this in grade school. But mostly I still hate Brian and Jake who would shoot shit like this at me in class when we were in grade school. Fuck those guys.
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
They were sabotaging big trucks, which were trying to push them off the road so they could push cars + small trucks off the road and holy cow I didn't realize how political that book was when I read it as a 5th grader.
It's used with a blow gun. The smaller pvc pipes and wiring conduit are just the right size for it. 
ITT: Hive mind bullshit.
As a kids we'd make these from sewing push pins and shoelace aglets. This made them the perfect size for fitting in your average fast-food drink straw. 
A broom sized doll house.
a broom for ants
Thanks MacGayver. Now, what can you rustle up for diner?
Thanks Macgyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
Get some culture beo
Thanks Macgyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
that should go on pinterest. 
I don't sorry, but you can use them in an appropriately sized tube as well as throwing them, they are surprisingly accurate even when thrown.
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
Tom Cruise.
Tom Cruise.
Tom Cruise.
Why are you saying  it?
Because it gives you heart disease and lung cancer in 20 years?
More like = smelly accurate mini dart... Try to cut a clean filter off next time, or does the extra tar make it fly better???
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you you rustle up for dinner?
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
"sewing push pins." Also known as needles in real word land.
Quoted by .It's not a ., it is in fact a .. Upvoted and quoted so everyone will see you being a smug asshole then proven wrong..Also, the reason you use a push pin instead of a needle is because the ball on the pin holds everything in place.
nope see . and 
The "deadly" part comes from the cigarette.
Deadly as in the butt has some sort of poisonous aspect?
Cops showed up at your house yet, OP? 
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?

Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
If you took the push pin out, these would be free fun to have mini-dart wars with
The pin holds the cigarette base in. .There is a shorter version of the pin (thumb-tack size), which allows you to do this.
Thanks Rustle. Now, What can you MacGyver up for dinner?
That was my first thought as well... "That thing has to reak!"
My dad taught me to make these in highschool,  You can use a shoelace if you can't find a pencil.
Thanks Macgyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
We used to use the plastic bit at the end of a shoe lace, with a sowing needle pushed through. Feather out the shoelace at the back and place in a McDonalds straw or Bic (pen) and you have a blowgun. 3 People were expelled haha, they were so fucking evil we ran like fuck when darts started flying.
That would be terrifying to witness. Mainly because if you are seeing it, chances are you're close enough to get hit.
Wtf is going on in this thread

ITT: Karma thieves. It's a funny comment, and only one of them can bank on the karma, so everyone's getting in early hoping its them. Assuming this gets a lot of attention, whoever wins will be rushed to the top spot and the rest will be lost in the crowd. 
Oh please let it be us!
just look at the time. The original one happened an hour before the rest.
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
I used to do this with the aglets from my shoe laces and pins from my mother's sewing kit. 
I always found it easier to put the pin in a normal bit of shoelace then tape it up with selotape.
flugelbinder!
"A-G-L-E-T Don't forget it!"
 would have pointed anyone who didn't know what these were to 'the amazing Morris and his educated rodents'. 
At school. And would stuff them into an empty bic pen or straw and have a deadly accurate blow gun 
These fit perfectly into the shaft of an aluminum arrow with the ends cut off, the accuracy is amazing, I've been able to shoot flies on the wall with them. With luck of course.
Tape a laser pointer onto the end of the shaft and then you'll need less luck!
So you made a projectile launcher out of a projectile..
Thanks MacGyver. Now, what can you rustle up for dinner?
We have a winner!
flies, bees, cockroaches, crickets maybe a large spider or scorpion.
Seriously OP, what's for dinner?
[deleted]
Dinner. What's for it, OP?
OP. It's what's for dinner.
Dinner... what's it for, OP?
Absolutely nothing.
Say it again, y'all!
Apparently I'm missing a joke and came to the comments too early.
If you figure it out, let me know. 
It's nothing but karma thieves. Nothing to see here.
How does one steal karma?
I, too, would like to know this
This is .... Who says there's a joke?
nigga thinks he be in . 
 comments are always about how the picture is not funny
I got in trouble in middle school for selling 'dart kits'. I took the blue, plastic Q-tips, pulled all the fuzz off, and then lit one end on fire, blew it out, and then pressed it on a flat surface - this made the back of the dart. Then I took my moms sewing pins (the kind with the plastic ball on the end), lit it on fire, blew it out, and placed it in the other end of the Q-tip, and rolled it between my fingers to make it uniform around the pin. Next, I took a cheap Bic pen, pulled off both ends, and voila. I got busted after a dude got shot in the side of the ass while walking through class. Mom was not pleased.
Dip in wasp venom for allergic reaction lulz.
Let's all just take a minute to realize how creative we all were. Especially when more than half of us probably didn't get good grades, we still were smart enough to build these things. 
I used either yarn or string and made lots of loops then tied it around a needle then used plastic tubing to launch them, sold a few to some kids at school, then it all stopped when one of the kids i sold it to shot one  through a girl's cheek during school.
I got in trouble in middle school for bringing blow darts to school that used stick pins.  Some other kid saw my darts the day before and got busted with his whole collection of ninja weapons to school, and said I gave him the idea.  They said I had a "deadly" weapon.  
If a kid did this today, he'd be suspended or expelled and arrested.
We used to use the ends of shoelaces. The little plastic ends that kept it from fraying never worked all that well, so it was half held together and half frayed. Push a pin through, grab a bic and fire away.
Back in my days, I filled Bic pens with FFFFg black powder, replaced the nib with a waterproof fuse, and put the cap back on.  Looked just like a Bic pen.  Sold a few to a kid who would light them and toss them through the gap between the classroom door and the floor..I got a lunchtime detention, and he got a day's suspension.  Well, until he tied a few together and blew up a toilet.  That got him a week's suspension..How are kids supposed to have any fun these days?
We did something similar, . and then wrapped them with thread like ..  Made the best darts that we'd then shoot at each other.
We called those Tiki darts.
I did the same thing. With sewing pins and shoe-lace ends. Using bamboo I got from my yard.
Sweet, me too. None of my school shoes had ends on the laces.
My friend and I got banned from the lincoln logs in kindergarten for making a catapult that broke a light. Kinda a good way to explain our entire friendship tbh.
umm bryce?
I got in trouble for power drilling a girl in the cheek in shop class..I snuck up behind her and pulled the trigger right next to her ear to scare her with the noise.  She jumped and turned to see what it was out of reaction and the drill was still spinning..I didn't think the entire thing trough.  Whoops.  
everyone's got these elaborate set ups, I'd just use 2 fingers and a rubber band to shoot a slightly unwound paperclip. I swear they could shoot across a football field, and I definitely broke a glass lamp with it by accident.
You naughty boy, I'm telling
Aglet, it's called an aglet
TIL that we all made prison weapons while in school.
"While in school" I still do, and then forget about them.
The other day I ventured into the depths of my closet and nearly stabbed myself on a freakin spear I had made years ago. 
You should probably clean it.
You had better be a fucking engineer. If not, enroll in that shit now.
I'm pretty sure it's a recipe from the cookbook.
I like how he said 'the cookbook' instead of the name of that particular cookbook. 
I used to own a book called "Backyard Ballistics" It was just instructions on how to make everything from tennis ball mortars to potato cannons and anything in between. It mysteriously vanished from my room a couple months after I bought it...
I owned a copy of the same book and mine vanished too!.It's available online as a pdf though, somewhere
Dude the NSA will find you
I'm pretty sure "ooqoo" is a . anyhow. .Ninja-edit:Now that I think about it, "po" probably is too.
I got in trouble in middle school for building a mini-crossbow out of two pens, a rubber band, and tape..Hilariously strong and accurate for a weapon made of bic pens..I also got in trouble for recreational reading in class instead of paying attention to the teacher, and programming my calculator instead of paying attention to the teacher..Needless to say I didn't let my education interfere with my learning.
i showed up to the midnight premier of the avengers waaaaaay too early, and with my boredom i constructed a fully functional crossbow out of nothing but straws, straw wrappers, and coffee stir sticks. 
I did this too! Bonus points for taking a staple, flatting it out, and attaching it to the end of the ink cartridge you were firing.  You could stick them into the roof this way, there were dozens of these in the ceiling tiles in most of my classes from me and other students..You can also take tape, roll it into a "cone" with the sticky side in, and add a flattened staple to the tip for diy blowdarts.  Just blow them out of a empty bic pin casing.  They also stick into the roof with ease.
I used a wooden ruler (1ft), Two map pins, about four elastic bands, a clip like you would use to hold an access badge, and used it to fire paper darts which had staples to add weight..It could accurately punch a hole through 5 sheets of paper at ten feet, was slim, concealable, and easy to reload..It ended our classroom battles within two days. Anyone who started shit with my faction got railed ..
i used my 3D printer to print out a trebuchet, the principal was not pleased as well
I know your 
directions plz
What? A 3-D printer in 12th grade or less? Assuming this was last year, a decently sized model (a little under a foot at the longest) would require a 3-D printer with a pretty large printing bed or you would have to glue it together, which (if it was a working trebuchet) would likely be difficult depending on how exact you wanted it to be. Assuming you glued it together and made it with good quality, you'd need a 3-D printer that cost about $1200, give or take $300 based on quality (factoring in time, as the printers get cheaper later on). That's like the price of three decent laptops, man. 
3 decent laptops for $1,200?  I want to know where you buy your laptops.
Well well looks like we have an expert here.
Amazon is a good vendor. I don't mean high end gaming computers or anything, but I got a nice laptop for $400. 
And here all I had to do was use a rubber band, my fingers, and some tin-foil folded tight into a "v". Shit would leave bruises 4 inches across and was much more concealable. 
Pretty much the same idea, the difference being that mine carried more tension and could be fired with one hand.
tin foil?  .You beautiful sick bastard
Doing the Zoidberg dance.
Kowabungu bitches
That's my friend Willie! Where'd you get this picture?
"pooping at sea"
I will never hang as loosely as this guy.
Little Kahuna
Shaka, brah.
Chaka bra
Cowabunga dude
Mahalo
Nice!  My daughter do the same pose, with the fingers and all.  But on land.  And she usually fell after.  Man' I gave her bad genetic!
I hate living in north texas.
"Hang...wait, hold on...one, two, three four, five...six? seven...eight?...nine TEN!"
Wikiki little Tiki 
Mahalo...mother fucker.
Awesome picture, relaxing just looking at it. 
I know I will live the rest of my life and never be as cool as this little kid.
[deleted]
Cowabunga duuuuuudes!
Hang ten, little buddy.   
you mean with the camera tilted to make it look like he was surfing?
"Do you even aloha bro?"
"Shaka, brah"
Ohana means family, nobody gets left behind
Dude
Hang 10
SHAKA BRAAAAA
Honi ko'u 'elemu motherfucker!
Man, Hawaii's crystal meth before pictures are the most heartbreaking.
Shoots bruddah!!
nice pose he he he.....
Could someone put a shark into this?
Reminded me of a male version of Lilo from Lilo and Stitch 
Shark bait.  Moohaha
i dont know where that is, but i'd like to visit someday
Reminds me of the character on the Hawaiian Punch bottle 
Mission accomplished 
Perfect Squatting form. 
Surf Munchin
Tito
"Who's got two thumbs, two pinkies, and just shat himself on a surfboard?"
Well you certainty failed with the title thing.
I think you just did'man
Double shaka's
Hang 10 Toddler
Couldn't do that with my kid...
perfect squat position.  
Title change " chyaa brehh"
He's only this many!
Hawaii 
Go shoot some guns in the garden and go for a burger to feel better about yourself. 
If he can count that high...
Who get the most pussy on this island? 
Covered in pussy from head to toe... well once... about 5 years ago... 
He looks dirty. He need shower. Liek seri0usly dude
What.
We're all gonna make it, fellow North Texasbro. 
There's obviously no waves. He's still pretty still on the water there
Looks like IZ 
Ohana means family, no one gets left behind.
Hawaii 5 aww.
Chillowa
Shoots brah.
Hangin' Three and a Half?
hey pono
This is fucking adorable! 
Who's got two thumbs and is a bad ass surfer, THIS GUY!
Hang this many
And it turns out all he was trying to do is take a shit
After all that pushing, it was just hanging loose.
He hasn't been skipping leg day.
Hang loose?
Shred the nar nar
I wish I could squat that low
Big wave surf champ 2025 
As an exercise science major all I can think is "look at that perfect squat technique"
HAKUNA MATATA . 
I wish the photo was taken properly..There is no reason to angle the composition like that...
Anyone else found standing up on a surf board to be much harder than it looks?
hakuna matata motherfuckers
"dropped my skittles." sure hope this isnt Florida.
He looks like he's about to hang (number) 2
Heisenberg says 
Hang...one.. two........this many, bruh
Am I the only Aussie that does this with his hands and says "ridgy didge" when things are good to go?
Years of practise...about two
its johhny tsunami.   .brah
Cooler than a polar bear's toenail - Big Boi
Chilld
SHARKBAIT UHHAHA
He's cooler than the other side of the pillow.
Damn, that's ice cold.
Where is this? Hawaii? Excuse my ignorance 
Hangs ten, is three.
Kid Kahuna gives zero fucks.
Kwantsu Dudes!
Ah, ba ba ba ba barbara ann!

DO YOU KNOW WHERE THE HEROIN ADDICT IS - dog..'yeah brah he up on 44th street in honolulu brah i see dat guy round hur smoking ice brah he hang out in the bowling alley' - baby surfer 
Reminds me of Lilo and Stitch minus the squatting. :)
Cowabunga dudes!
I came here to say this, but ya beat me to it ;)
It's "Booyakasha!" now.  :(.Fun to say, at the least.
The little Kuhuna
Poo Boardin'
All I need are some tasty waves, a cool buzz, and I'm fine.
I got the buzz, you get the waves bro.
How is it kids have perfect squatting form....but as we get older...we fuck it up sooooo bad and actually have to try. 
Weight distribution
It actually depends on the culture in which you are raised. 
It makes more sense that the growth of your body parts and the weight of those body parts would effect your balance/squatting form more than culture.
Yes that would make sense but it has been studied by several anthropologists. Children in chair sitting cultures (ex. United States) lose their squatting ability as they age because the norm in the culture is to sit on chairs. Children in squatting cultures (ex. South Korea) continue to squat with their families and continue to develop the muscles needed to maintain a squat with a larger body as they grow. 
Because..... toilets.
Shaka brah

I saw the episode again last night, that's what made me think of it haha

Episode nr?

Hang loose braddah. Eia au, eia 'oe, mau loa. 
qwrtpsdfghjkzxcvbn.You seem to have dropped these.
killer tofu!
Baby on Board
Something something Burt Ward
He's already perfected the devil horns.
 would love it. Talk about ass to ground. 
if i had hip and ankle flexibility like 3 year old me i would be sooo happy
ASS TO GRASS NIGGA
Third World Squat would like to meet you.
, too
Full range of motion and raised chest and all.
I can imagine trying that with my usual squat weight, my kneecaps would pop so hard they'd fly free and be embedded in the ceiling
dem squats!

definitely NSFW
This little dude's gonna be a pro some day.
Hang "This Many"
Or not, if he gets his legs bit off by a shark.
Yes because every surfer eventually gets their legs bitten off by a shark.
Well sometimes it's their arms or head instead, but usually it's the legs. 
Nobody wants to hear that. Im sorry.
Sucks, life isn't all sunshine.
At least for you it isn't, considering you're probably a shutin for thinking shark attacks are common enough to even be worth mentioning
Nah I just think surfing sucks. I'm a diver myself. Thanks for playing.
Fixed.
It's funny, because I think diving sucks.
That's cool cause I really don't give a shit, whereas you're all foaming at the mouth.
Okay
Nah, you are just an asshole. Someone who doesn't give a shit is usually a shit.
Talking about shark attacks with surfers is like joking about IED bombs with soldiers. We all know life isn't sunshine but, we don't need you to be a gloomy cloud either..Its more of a common courtesy.
Reddit: The place where people are morally correct. .Riiiiiight.
You realise it's people like you who make that kind of sarcasm necessary?
Crouching Tiger, Going Poo Poo.
crouching tiger child porn above ftfy
advice animals imma let you finish but this is the worst comment section of all time
How to fit in with the crab people.
Have an upvote #fabturd.
Good ol hover shits.
LOL this is one of those rare occasions I breath air through my nose more heavily than usual while reading the reddit comments..EDIT; downvotes? rly? Come on guys i like make Ameristralia jokes hahahah and i'm a liberal who wears a fedora! Can you guys uptoke me now pls 
crouching tiger? are you serious?......that incredibly racist but reddit up votes any way.....if i post something racist u bet i would get a down vote but no this guy gets dang up votes........take a down vote from me dude
Another downvote novelty? 

Go fuck yourself you sensitive bitch.  It's a movie.
You use far too many periods when you respond, take a downvote
You're such a clueless muppet.
Holy downvotes. lol
hahaha
How is that racist??
Go practice suicide.
lmao
The phrase 'Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon' (Wuo hu zhan long) is a chinese idiom in which the words 'Tiger' and 'Dragon' directly refer to people with special hidden talents. This idiom is used to remind people to never underestimate anybody..I really don't know how you think that's racist.. It's really not even racist in it's context either so.....Edit: After looking at his comment history, do you even reddit bro? I mean I know I'm a lurker but damn!
Damn nigga you smart
Rare stance? How exactly is this rare? They've gotta see over the grass on the plain somehow.
How do you tell the difference between a leopard and a cheetah? Sorry if I'm revealing some ignorance on big cats.
He is embracing his inner meerkat

Khajit has no time for you!
ALLAN!

Even the big cats know how to meerkat
I THINK YOU MEAN PRAIRIE DOG HAHA
Professor Oak would give you so many points for this!
Easiest to tell, cheetah has black spots, Leopards have mostly black circles..
Also cheetah's face is very distinct.
The leopards face kinda looks like a lions face, while the cheetah looks more like a lynx..I guess wide face and narrow, more pointy face is what I'm going for here
The clearest and easiest to spot tell is that cheetahs have black "tears" in the side of their faces. .And many people don't seem to realize they are two very different animals, I'd respect and be wary of a cheetah, but it's much more housecat-like than a leopard based on the tenfold documentaries I've seen on the matter. It would probably cosy up to a human by default if their mothers didn't teach them to avoid us. While a leopard would in a default state be really dangerous.
all I can think is, "I should buy a boat."
Silly leopard your not a meerkat
When I grow up, I want to be a groundhog.
Have you ever seen me dancing...y'knaa really dancing?
For me, the most noticable appearance is that, Cheetahs are slim built - like they have small stomach. Like those racing dogs..Other than that, the two black lines at their face looks thicker than Leopard.
Do not be afraid tis only a mere leopard...
Cheetahs are long and slinky, with solid spots and black lines from their eyes down to their lips. They also have enormous tails..Jaguars are thick and powerful, with rosette-like spots and no lines on their faces..If you can see them in action, their gaits are different as well. Cheetahs walk/run like ., putting both left legs forward then both right legs. Leopards walk/run like ., putting diagonal pairs forward at the same time.
Thanks for the info, and citation. I never realized similar they looked. I've always seen them separately. 
Day 64: They still think I am a Meerkat.
My dachshund sits like that a lot.
Raised by meerkats!
Get them to race.
There seems to be a certain subset of the population that feels an overwhelming urge to label . historical or nature picture that way, regardless of whether it makes a whit of sense.
Beat me to it
Tis nothing but a mere cat.
This guy knows what's up
Something, something Meercat?
Steve! Steve! Steve! Steve! Steve!
I can haz cheezeburger?
Cheetahs have a flatter face than most cats.
he's meerkatting!!
Hes a gopher kitty.
M'aiq the Liar!!!
Hahahaha it thinks its people
CUE THE MUSIC

And this is yet another example of "Cat's going to be a cat!"
Did you have to hit him with a pesterball first?
Raised by meerkats?
OSHIT THEY'RE EVOLVING.
My cat does this all the time when she sees a bird or bug outside the window.
Dat curly tail. 
Looks like a cheetah to me. 
Great, exactly what I needed, more of the animal kingdom trying to sell me insurance. 
i love things like this that show the true nature of big cats: they're just like house cats, only they're actually able to murder you instead of just passive-aggressively making your life harder.
He's prairie doggin.
nah mine does that all the time.
ALLEN! AL! ALLEN!
It's not rare, but they only take on that stance when they're about to dig a tunnel.    
My ferrets do this all the time.
My Dragon Style will defeat him.
I would tip him over and run away. Bet he would think that was funny.
Kitteh.
I wanna rub it's belly.
It's a mere cat
Common stance of photoshop.
Day 12: The meerkats still have not discovered my true identity, phase 2 begins soon.

Look at him, he thinks he's people! 
he's stopping to change his shorts.
Leopards and meerkats are evolved from the same apertud species... not so surprising but still cool
Someone shook a bag of cat treats.
I want it as a pet.
Meerkat Mode: ENGAGE
MeerCat
"I killed you an antelope, but I eated it."
+2 Sight while in that stance
I cn haz antelopes 
"I can has? D:"
How do you prairie dog? 
Saw the thumbnail, thought it was a prairie dog.
i can haz touristburger?
Uh oh,  they're devolving! 
 Hey look at the Meerkats  he said and he's dead.
meerkats in cosplay
Looks like a Prairie Dog.
Ironicaly enough my girlfriend told me that it wasnt a leopard it was indeed a meerkat, her arguement was, "why is it standing like that, and why does it have such a long tail, if its not a meerkat?"
My cat does the same thing, but doesn't look quite as "majestic as fuck".

He's going to be so embarrassed when his friends see this.
I chased and killed a gazelle for you, but I eated it.
Obviously raised by meerkats.
look at that smug bastard with his new boat 
I'm sure it's not that rare, we just don't see it enough
Bullshit... I have a nearly identical picture from when I went to Africa. We saw one leopard. 
 
"Those meekrats are geniuses, I can see over the brush..."
He's looking for meerkats.
"I call it playing penguin!"
"Well I'll be... Frank was right! That newspaper reading bastard did buy a boat!"
must be looking at a bird or something. haha or at least that's what my cat does when he sees birds from inside.
So supple
This is how it all starts. First you start trying to stand on your hind legs, then you are inventing the wheel, and the next thing you know you're wasting four hours a day on Reddit. 
Hello there, nice to meet you, I am meerCAT!
I told Mom that Meerkat Manor was popular!!!! DX Damn!! Now the animals are taking over the world!!!
The rare prairie leopard
This is no mere cat.
Majestic hunter...
"Did that sonofabitch buy a boat?"
The very rare "meerpard" 
And as you can see... Oh,  I think it sees us
He's enjoying a good belly scratch!
My Dalmation sits this way occasionally. .Must be the spots. 
That pose begs for a top hat and a monocle. Photoshop gurus of Reddit, please make this happen. Make that cat into a proper gentleman.
That's meerely a leopard.
"It's been a month. The meerkats still have no clue." 
Look at me, I'm a hooman, get off the jeep, stop eating my baby, dur dur dur
All he is is a meer cat.

That's a very aggressive meerkat
He's just a big fuckin kitty, boys.
Fucking Steve French. My friend has two cats, one named Steve French and the other is Jon snow. 
 Best show..Edit: Formatting.
You appear to be sinking, captain.

Its amazing how big cats are just as unamused by people as house cats.

The big cats can more easily remedy that, though.

he should buy 
You beat me to it ......
this picture needs to be submitted to [.](.) 
I'm not sure what's going on with that hyperlink but I'm too stoned to figure it out
To link to another sub, all you have to type is /r/ and then the name of the sub. For example, ..
"It's good to own land...." 

In retrospect it should have been obvious that this was a thing.
new favourite sub
aaaaaaaaand subbed.

Sexists I knew it! 
So you're only allowed to say "Cat." in that sub, otherwise the mods remove your comments?
Well so far through testing I've gotten away with "Cat?" and "Kat?". Will be back with more results at 10. 
Day 3: The ., while - very suspicious - have accepted me into their clan. Today I hope to convince them to let me stand guard alone. Watch for my signal.
Can we actually use "meerkat" as a verb?  OP's leopard is clearly meerkatting...
My neighbor's dog meerkats for treats.
Love it! Can we also use 'sugar glider' as an alternate way of saying cokehead? e.g. "That Charlie Sheen is one heck of a sugar glider."
I'm down.  "Sugar glider" now added to the lexicon...."Damn, that stripper in the Champagne Room had the biggest tits of any sugar glider I've ever seen!"
Well it's time to go watch meerkat manor again.
You make . abut that
Night 3: The meerkats have not let me guard alone. Wait a few days for my signal. Stay strong brothers for when the time comes we shall feast.
Day 6: After observing these meerkats for nearly a week, I'm realizing the values they place on love and relationships. They cuddle and show strong familial connections. It will be a shame when my kind come in. 
Day 198: Our child was born today killing Rebcca in the process, the child is horrible mutated, but the meerkats suspect nothing. I'm trying to stay strong. 
Day 250: I'm in too deep. My son, though slightly deformed, has become part of the tribe. But he's been acting out. I know the look in his eyes. He looks at the other meerkats with a look I know all to well: hunger. His bloodlust is rising. It's only a matter of time before he snaps. I only pray I'm there before it happens...
My cat does this all the time, but he's fat so he falls over. .Sometimes I push him over and blame it on him, but that's not the point. .My point is that he's fat and easy to tip over. 
who's fault is that? 
My kitty does this when he wants to be petted. Just not his tummy 
lay off the dry food.  
Picture GIF? For . LOLs?
I'll try to get one. .You know that bastard won't do it when I'm trying to provide evidence though. 
Hah my dog does this when he wants food
His obviously. .Edit: I'm kidding.
Can...can we see your cat in action? 
I really will try. Got the camera all ready to go even..If I can't get that I will show how easy he is to tip when he's blocking the fridge. .He seriously is the most passive cat I have ever known. I love that fat ass. 
Who doesn't love a passive fat ass? 
I know right.
My ex
Tell her to stop hating herself;)
I too own a fat cat.  22 pounds of golden laziness. . (obviously shopped background)
Very classy cat!
He tries.
Just like my ex.
You ain't no weeble wobble!!
And my axe!
Hahahaha.....That was good for my heart. 
I know those feels. 
I don't think this is going to fool the meerkats.

Just a mere cat there
Day one with the meerkats; I don't believe they're buying it...
like you or your husband give a damn
My Shakespeare, how you've changed.
The meerkats made a jaeger leopard to fight other leopards.
There's actually two meerkats initiating a neural handshake inside the head.
" Alan! "
Wait, it's not Alan is it? STEVE!, STEVE!
LOL :D
" Steve! "
"JK I'm merely a cat LOL"
Came here for meerkat jokes, was not disappointed.
relavent: 
Classic Ferd
Have an upvote #fabturd.
I know my little brother can be a pest, but please refrain from calling him unpleasant names, he comes home in tears. * clicks heels *.
[Whatever you want the link to say](Put the web address here)
Ill have to try that when I'm linking things from my phone, it's usually when I get that problem. 
Edit:  first time doing this. My world just got larger. Thanks!


Holy shit it worked. W
Can't get it. I wish I was old so I wouldn't have to admit I'm just kinda stupid.
HYPERLINK, GODDAMN.
HE'S A NEGATIVE KARMA WHORE, GODDAMN.
Quick!  Upvote him so that he gets some of his hated positive karma!
Ferd is a god damn troll genius. 
She's a thing of beauty.
skeet skeet
Needs some classier throw back rallies with vette centercaps.
hahaha wow quite the look on your face for being happy about losing the poundage
Cute curves, girl! Quite jealous actually.
Those shorts look awesome
Don't Slouch. 
You're already gorgeous at your current state!  Keep it up and congrats!
You look great! Keep it up!
Support.
 
DAT GAP
You go girl!
Get ready for Homewood requests...
Looking great. Keep going!! Very beautiful woman :)
fuck yeah good job. i would totes give you a high five rite now
WOW!.  its amazing what 20lbs does
get it guuurl!!
Go you!
I think you look great!
As someone who's almost 20lbs down in a year, it's amazing how different your face looks once you start losing weight. You look great =D
who cares
Wrong subreddit for this..However, congrats on going from Meg to Jillian.

Stahp nao. 
Where you are at now is about perfect in my opinion, but if you want to lose more I encourage you to do so.
I don't know, look even sadder in the second picture.
We'd love to see you over at . after this is all over :)
I'd bang either one of them
It may only be 23lbs, but it looks like it was 23lbs in all of the right places. You're amazing looking.
What instrument do you play?.You look great!

DAT GAP!
Lookin great! Keep it up. You are hot. 
Keep at it!
Holy shit you people are creepy.
I'd fuck her.
Man, I wish I looked this different when I lost 25 lbs. I've lost 30 and I feel like you can barley tell by looking at me. 
Werk!
You look so happy...... Riiiiight.
Well dont you look thrilled about it haha
Losing weight is the most satisfying feeling in the world because it's not instantly gratifying like food. 
Looking gooood, great job!!!
Not to be that guy, but on your loss pic the cabinet handles behind you make it look like you have a HUGE moose-knuckle!
How do your lady-bits change with weight loss?  Do they change at all or are they as they were after puberty?
You looked good, right or left. 
Looking awesome!  Smile more.
Would bang
You definitely look happier..
you're pretty fine...
Don't concentrate to the weight as much as you should BF% loss.   Lots of people will stop dieting and working out because they see their weight increase.  .Source: anti Broscience Bodybuilder
You go, girl!! :D
You look great! :)
Smile and you are golden.
And you got a lil gap! :)
Sexie 
Looking good mama!! You could stay where your at you've got amazing curves in all the right places!!!
Well done. As you are probably wondering what peoples honest reactions are here is mine (sorry if it is offensive, its meant as a compliment):.While it may only be 23lbs difference, you have gone from someone who is honestly too fat for me to be interested in at all, to someone who is sexy as hell. Kick ass. 
Looking your pictures makes me think this."You are about to enter another dimension. A dimension not only of sight and sound, but of mind. A journey into a wondrous land of imagination. Next stop, the Sexy as Shit Zone!"
Post to gonewild!
You look so much happier :|
I've been doing posture correction exercises for a few weeks. Don't assume it's as easy as just saying "Don't slouch."
Keep up the good work =D.
I might get buried here but ... advice on how that shit is done? It's magic as far as I can tell.
Healthy diet and exercise helps..And don't just do cardio, weight training is a very important part of it. 
Weight training? Lifting heavy stuff you mean? I thought that was for muscle building. I just don't want to have more than one chin.
I think you look beautiful in both pics, EXCEPT for the lack of a smile!  Show some teeth! And I now officially feel like a creeper. 
Smile! :)
You're super cute and totally on the right track. Just remember to still be nice to people after you become one of those pretty skinny chicks. Also you'll be introduced into a world where men will do things for you "just because". 9 times out of 10 they will be doing a good deed for you and will still want to sleep with you. This might not be their only intention but rest assured they are doing the good deed mostly because they want to make-a the sex. 
Wow, sounds like someone is totally butthurt. Sweeping generalizations 
Nah, I'm just a dude and I know how we think. I have to remind my girlfriend all the time that the guys who she works with that do "nice things" for her all the time are only doing it to get in her pants. Case in point after she announced that we were dating at work this guy wrote her a huge scathing note about how he was upset that she was dating me and how much better he would have been. I'm not the jealous type but this is one of the hotter girls I've dated so it was my first time encountering a real stalker.
I never said you had to be a female to make a sweeping generalization about males. "I know how we think" is the dumbest thing I've ever heard, especially coming from a male. Perhaps you're still going through development where your hormones are still highly active, in which case, males and females . want it during that stage. Your anecdote is, quite frankly, ridiculous. .Perhaps the dude who wrote that scathing note because he wanted a relationship with the girl and he lost her to you. Doing nice things to attract the attention of the opposite gender never has absolute intentions. Some guys do it because they want to sex. Others do it because they want a relationship. What you're saying here is that anytime a guy does a nice thing for a girl, that . means he wants sex. That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard..When you get out into the real world, you'll see that men are different from each other and women are different from each other..Imagine that.
Yeah, I'm 30, been in two longggg term (4 year) relationships and a handful of shorter ones. I never said it ALWAYS means he want's sex but in general it usually does. We will go out somewhere when she's all dressed up and I can literally watch reactions from guys where they're all pumped up with a smile, maybe hold the door for her but as soon as the dude realizes we are together his smile fades and he could care less. One time a guy was holding the door for her until he saw we were together and just let it go, it was apparent. I am not saying I am any different because I've definitely been really nice to a girl in order to ask her out or get her to have sex with me, I'm just willing to admit that. 
Kid, learn to shut the fuck up when your retard advice is not wanted. Your stupid fucking white-knighting is so predictable for a fatty neckbeard like yourself. Also, keep your stupid fucking anecdotes to yourself.
Gotta pay the troll toll huh?
You keep going!
I think you look pretty good as you are now to be honest, but congrats! And I wish you luck in losing however much more you want to lose, you've done great so far.
still fat
no stop.....
You look great! You look like Jennifer Lawrence!
id smash now not before
Great job!!
Wah wah wee wah. Very nice. 
Appealing! Somehow I can't refuse to think that you had something dark and sexy surrounding you in the first picture, as well. 
You look sad.
You've never looked better, Renee Zellweger.
Lookin Sexy!
Now if you could just work on smiling! 
How about a smile? 
dayum gurl
Why are you flexing?
I'm going to go ahead and say that, and I think most guys would agree with me, you're about the perfect size. But congrats, and keep up the good work.
I think you look really deliciously hot right now btw.
Dude your smoking hot already. Keep up the good work! 
I think you have AFS:.Apathetic Face Syndrome.With a tad bit of RBF:.Resting Bitch Face.You look like christina applegate, though, so you have that going for you
You are pretty damn hot. Don't take it too far :)
Smile !!!!
You look great!
You look great! A smile would make it better.
That gap is the most impressive! 
Quite a bit to go?? I can't imagine you looking any more perfect than you are now.
You must be 
Every girl's dream... a compliment from PlungerMcButtDick.
You look fantastic.  Just looks wise you don't need to lose any more weight
smile
sit on ma face
Smile more you have such a pretty face!
How any person become fat like that. ? And there are parts on the Earth where people still dying from hunger
Do you sing? Did your voice change?
You look great! Keep it up :-)
You'd look even better with a smile, good work!
I have never been impressed by one of these on reddit before. For the first time there is a totally a hot girl in there and it kinda makes my day. Best of luck and stay motivated.
You look great! 
you dont look to happy about it 
looks like nothing makes you smile. that's cool
How about a smile for losing all that weight ;)
smile!!!  and keep up the good work.
I would wreck that
Why do you look so sad in the picture then?
Congratulations! Keep it up! Dont lose focus! 
You look beautiful and those are some dangerous curves. I like um! !
Don't listen to the random redditors telling you to stop losing now. Keep going, you're well on your way. 
Yes
I think I see your beef curtains.
you look really thrilled about that...
I like this one because you aren't smiling in your after pictures.
Generic you go girl comment. Karma please.
Nice weight loss, kid!.Now put a smile on that pretty face.
No, don't lose any more weight!! You look perfect right now.
Well Done, Keep it Up!
hot IMO
Would disappoint dat!
Looking great doll!  It's all worth it!
So that dudes can call you condescending terms like "doll"? Yeah. So worth it. 
As a guy who's usually really shallow when it comes to girls I find attractive, I can easily say that you're looking great. Nice work pimp, keep it up
 <('-'<)
Lookin real good, great job!
:/
beautiful!
Great job! Also SMILE A LITTLE!!
You're still fat
You might feel like you should lose more, but just speaking for myself, you are my ideal woman's size. 
Smile! You're doing great!
now you need to smile
you look fantastic, great work 
You know on either pic, you'd look 1000 times hotter if you smiled.
Brace yourself, creepy orangereds are coming!.And well done on the weight loss. Please save some curves for those of us that think that's hot... Also, serious face is too serious. 
10/10 would creepy pm
You look amazing!!!
You really don't have to loose anymore, I guarantee you if you go out right now like this (not dressed like that, you know what I'm saying) guys would be dying to talk with you. 
I think you look great the way you are, but congratulations keep up the good work.
Girl...you have my dream body. I have no curves to speak of. You look good. 
You look amazing!!! Congrats on the Loss and kept it up :) 
You're already looking ten times better, keep up the good work! 
What's wrong with your face
Well....her father....was a drinker.....and a fiend. And one day he got crazier than usual...
smile!!
contragulations progress :) All you "need" now is a smile and you pretty much aced the cute girl look
Keep it up!!!! And don't forget to smile!!
That look is hot as fuck. Sure, looking like a sufferer of the bitchy face, but the bitchy face is hot. Also, good going, you hot mother flippa.
Looking good!  Keep it up!
I think . would be better for a post like this.
keep losing weight, good progress, another 30 lbs u will be a dime
you're gonna be smokin
Great job! Keep it up :)
great job!
wtf.  I (I guess because I'm a dude) lost about the same and don't see a fucking difference.  You don't even look like the same person.  But yeah gratz.

Nice smile.
Try smiling. 
I dig you how you are, keep the curves!
You can stop there, you look great. A smile would be nice though.
nice =)
You have a beautiful body! 
Smile!
A smile would also help. 
You look like a sad Cristina applegate
Wow you're gorgeous as fuck, wouldwife/10
Well done!  You are doing great.
Beautiful :)
"about to cry" resting face
more dumbass shit on the front page, bug surprise- fucking losers on reddit.
hit me up girl
Smile - it will make more of a difference then the next five pounds. Also, congratulations.
Hey you already look great. Smile and do your thing :)
Holy... You are beautiful.  You were beautiful before too..side note: Why is it that everyone on here looks familiar all of a sudden? I feel like I know all of you...
Very niiiiice!(insert borat voice lol) seriously though, keep it up!
congrats!
You should be smiling, it will come with time and you are doing great.
Hell yeah!~ keep up the good work!
Inspirational! Lookin great!
When you become the person you want to be, don't let it cause you to lose the beauty you currently have on the inside.
23 lbs down but it looks like much more! My guess is you've gained tons of muscle and completely changed your body composition! Great job! :)
wouldn't hurt you to cheer up a bit tho
I like you better fat and happy 

Woohoo for you!  .Now smile and that will improve your appearance quite a bit.
Looking good!
sexy thighs.
I like it!
Damn, what a huge difference for 23 lbs. I wouldn't even drop a pant size if I lost that much. Great work!
Wow, 23 lbs isn't even that much, but there is a huge difference.  You look great, keep it up.
Good Job!
You look so happy.
Totally would tap that. Lookin good, baby.
You're great looking now. You're going to become a smoke-show
Keep it up!
You look very happy!
You look good honey. Either way. I'm glad you feel better.
Starting is the hardest part. congrats
your looking awesome 
What a fox.
Keep it up, you're going to hot as fuck!
Hot.
You look amazing right where you're at in my opinion. I love girls with a bit of curvy fluff on 'em. Congrats and good luck on the rest of your goal!
As Shawn Mullins would say, "you'd be a whole lot prettier, if you smiled once and a while..." Good job by the way.
Congrats, you look fantastic!
Hot! Well done! 
You are hot!
Girl you look good. I think you are doing awesome!
Super hot.
you are so pretty! : )
Great.
Now you're perfect.
Hot before and also after
very nice! congrats.
you look amazing, keep it up!
it always amazes me how much 20 pounds is on a girl compared to a guy. I can drop and gain 20 pounds and its barely noticeable, but a girl dropping 20 pounds is HUGE
Congrats, Also you look Beautiful, keep it up!
girls lose 20 lbs (about 9 kilos) and they look great. I lost 20 pounds recently and people thought I gained weight ...
Ay gurl u gonna look lyk Kaley Cuoco soon.
Dat gap! haha
These comments are kind of creepy and it sucks because no one likes creepers. Anyways you have amazing skin and look good!
You look too sad for someone who just lost weight. Smile alittle
For never feeling better you sure look meh in your after shot. Or is that your "I gonna fuck shit up and get thin doing it" face?
Smile more :)
Some folks would say that you're a damn fine looking young lady -- and wouldn't you know it, those folks would be right.
Smile!.Also, please hang out at . & 
Maybe she's into that? She is posting for strangers as it is, but who knows.
Is there a non-creepy way to say dayum?
Congratulations! Smile :)
Don't look so happy.
you are gonna be hot when you lose the rest!
Be happy, you lost 23lb!
Then why aren't you smiling!? 
All the second picture needs is a bit of a smile.  :)
congrats on your progress
Hey Reddit I was a pancake face fat a$$! I still am a pancake face fat a$$ but praise me since Im the only person in the world who has ever lost weight!.Also praising = upvotes to the left lol
looking sexy girl! 
don't drop any more lbs, you're at just the right size

Congrats on crossing the line from overweight to curvy. 
Congrats... and smile. :)
Good on you !
Wait no stop right there. you loook really good at that weight.
Now, if you could only learn to smile just a little sunshine.
Some of the saddest eyes i've ever seen.
Dem curves
Smile, you're doing great.
Keep it up! Nothing is more fulfilling then taking that new pic and putting them side by side like that and seeing what you've accomplished! Way to go!
Wow, you're a knockout now. Imagine what you will be like once you reach your goal?
Great work!  Feeling better is so important.  People that hate their exercise do not stick with it.
Keep it up!
before after you look beautiful
You look amazing :)
Legs for daysssssss :)
You look awesome! Congrats!
why do people post this shit on here.. who cares if you've lost weight?????????????? I've gone from fat fuck to ripped and i never posted a picture.. FFS this isn't .  or . 
Smile please
----->Facebook.com
WOW! you was really fat.
I'd really love to fuck you till you . your pussy. .Hit me up.
Wrong subreddit.
This is funniest thing I've read today
Funniest comment I've found in the thread. If he's serious then I'm disappointed. 
isn't there a subreddit for this shit?  fatty.
C'mon dude, were all friends here!
I was calling myself fatty.  I was just looking for that subreddit.
Way to go, renee zellweger!!! 
Personally, I think she looks better than Zellweger..*edit: MUCH better than Zellweger.

Let me rephrase. Comment edited.
That woman needs to stop eating lemons.
You look kinda like Christina Applegate.
crossed with Renee Zelweiger
The first one actually looks like a Jennifer Lawrence that let herself go a little.
With a touch of Kristen bell 
'Who the hell is Renee Zellwitcher?' 
You look gorgeous before and after.
Ch-ch-ch-ch.....
CHIA!
meh not before
THERE IS LITERALLY AN ENTIRE SUBREDDIT DEVOTED TO THIS EXACT KINDOF PICTURE.THAT IS ITS ONLY PURPOSE.FUCK
Dude, eat a Snickers.
Why?
You're not yourself when you're hungry.

Better?
Better.
God, no one would subscribe to something called 'pics' to see photographs of overweight strangers losing small amounts of weight..It's nothing personal and that's exactly the point. We don't know you and the story you're telling here is insanely uninteresting. .I'll get downvoted because 'yay! keep up the good work!' but you all know I'm right. This shit is out of control. 
God, no one would subscribe to something as broad and vague as 'pics' and expect every little thing to be mindblowing.....Actually, who am I kidding? This is Reddit. .Carry on.
I will. At least when she's hot like this one.
it must suck always having something negative to think and say. actually, i know it does, i used to be the same way..until i learned to let go of judgement and just enjoy myself and accept what is. try it, you'll thank yourself.
no i'm with you, i'm pretty tired of it too..I have it set so that anything I downvote filters out though, so I usually just downvote, refresh, and continue browsing..ETA: And for the record, I have nothing against people excited about sharing their weight loss goals. I'm just not interested in seeing it - So I use the filtering methods and if anyone else wants to filter'em out, it should be in your settings somewhere.
Keep complaining, maybe you can get . taken off default.
I don't mind most of the content on ., but these constant weight loss pictures just flat out fail the description of 'A place to share interesting photographs and pictures'..It would be interesting if you started out as a 500 pound monster and turned into a regular person..This girl, just by way of example, lost 23 pounds and looks slightly trimmer than she did. .Good for her, yay weightloss, but there is a subreddit dedicated to weight loss photos, why would people not be posting these before and after shots there instead of .?
I've seen . in the past month. This one.
It is a thing people do. .People should not do this thing. .All I'm saying.
There are nicer and more polite ways to be an asshole, asshole.
Sometimes you have to be an ass for people to really get it.
And there are more intelligent ways to disagree with me than calling me names.
Whoa! I thought I was in . for a minute there!
you must be pretty disoriented.maybe lie down for a minute 
You know who would care about this?  Your Facebook friends.  
Apparently enough people on reddit care to vote it as high as it is. Relax, down vote if you feel the urge, and move on. Life is too short to waste your ire. 
i didn't receive any ire, all i got was apathy and hunger.where's the line for ire
You seem stressed.
Matching his username to an image search: ..
Posts like this are the reason this sub has gone to shit.
And you still seem fat 
Dude you just totally missed your chance to tell her that the stress was from trying to stop smoking....

Nah dude, I'm saving that announcement for when I can turn it into a post on . saying "Hey Reddit, I was a smoker for 8 years, I'm quitting today, here's my last cigarette!".Attached will be a picture of a cigarette butt.And it will get 2000 upvotes because apparently no one gives 2 shits about pictures on this subreddit..Maybe more if I can find a way to work me in sexy clothing into the picture, I'll put the cigarette butt on my junk or inbetween my buttcheeks
No.
I'm guessing you still didn't eat your snickers? 

I cringe every time I see this gif. It's only ever used in these creepy comment threads. 
u look fine the way u are right now!
I concur. OP you look great!
Why don't you leave that up to her.   Ever think she's losing weight for any other reason besides trying to bang you? 
I think the fact that she posted an actual picture suggests that she's at least happy about the visible results. Your response is a bit over the top, don't you think?
You're not making sense. 
Why do you assume that Larry's comment was sexual in nature?  I also feel she looks fantastic after the initial 23 lbs, but that doesn't mean that Larry or I beleive that she shouldn't lose any remaining weight she feels she needs to shed.
Larry said she didn't need to lose more based on her looks.   She may be losing weight for another reason.   Why is that so hard to understand? 
Seriously. OP, please stop losing weight lest you lose those delicious curves. It's perfect where it's at.
Glad I'm not alone here.  I saw this picture and was reminded what the ideal feminine body is supposed to look like.
pardon?
I like how everyone's downvoting you because that's . what they were thinking.
Don't know who downvoted you. Spot on comment. 
Dat gap
Guys really care about that gap shit?  I thought it was another glossy magazine invention
Some guys care about glossy magazine inventions. It kind of correlates with fitness I suppose, but it really seems like something that's been fetishized to me. I personally don't really care about it one way or the other. 
That is exactly what it is.
Sorry but it's not a gap. She's just standing with her legs apart.
As a Hispanic girl with curves, I can confirm
Didn't care, fapped
He's talking about her clothes.
Not really.
I don't know why you're being downvoted.  As a lady with ample thigh-business, this is absolutely true.  And there's nothing wrong with it.  Non-gaps can be sexy too. :)

 . . .not . 
add 
Also, Facebook. 
Honestly, sometimes I think I'd rather post things here than facebook more.  Because I occasionally like you internet strangers more than my real friends. . .
It is a picture? Yes..WHOA!
Yeah, but the sidebar specifies ". photographs and pictures".  There is nothing interesting about this unless you get a hard-on every time you see a girl on a computer screen... the latter, sadly, is why this shit's on the front page
You look thrilled!  Try smiling, you'll look even better, or are you saving that for the "success shot?"
Is the success shot the same as the money shot?
I was gonna say the same thing. She's making awesome progress, but she could use a smile. :D
Congrats! There's also an entire subreddit for this. Consider crossposting to ., I'm sure they'd appreciate it as well.
 
 .(nsfw)
The best kind!
Nice
Kind of like an excuse to post nakedness without utilizing ., methinks.
Thx bro
 
I don't know what I expected.
It's mostly all dudes..Wait, so that means this subreddit is pretty much a bunch of dudes checking out each other's bodies? Whatever floats your boner, I guess..One of the comments:
If you want to see the ladies, just sort the posts by "Best".
Well, there are certain kinds of guys that like looking at other naked guys...
I found the amount of males very strange as well. I can't imagine thinking oh I lost 15lbs I better make sure my penis is in my new progress pic. 
Wish I had read this before clicking....It seems that the the few female ones are just full of comments from desperate creepy white knights telling some clearly overweight females that they look really hot the way they are.... way to motivate people.
annnnnnd I'm just gonna go back and click unsave now.
Just go to the top posts of all time, 98% are female.


I used RES to filter out as many men as I could. I even did top posts of all time. Still can't fap =/
Starting an argument with "Joseph Stalin and Hitler liked X, therefore X is bad" already shows how stupid you are
I went back & forth deciding whether to reply to one of these comments in order to save it for later. Good enough for me!
 .nsfw obviously
I'm stating the obvious but you have an amazing body. 
...zip
Very nice, but how do I know that's you and not someone else? Furthermore, how do I know we aren't related? I feel awkward now. Thanks for that.
Er.. I frequently post on gonewild, guess you'll have to wait around and see!
With 23,000 link karma but all submissions deleted, I'm inclined to believe. 
Do any of those even really matter?
Maybe on another account, right? Because this one only has one post, and it's to .. And you have no comments on .... What's the other account then?

Oh my.. more please?
That sentence, makes absolutely no sense.
You're gonna have a rough couple days PM-wise
She looked better in the first pic to be honest.
She wants the D (pics).
Sure she doesn't want D pics?
Not with a face like hers.  No amount of situps will help with that.
Sorry ., you are not allowed to have an opinion that goes against the hive mind... Here.. HAVE MY UPVOTE! :-)
just because I messaged her and said I would totally fuck her...... doesn't mean everyone else is going to.
Yes it does.
Exactly..I won't PM her, I'll do it right here:.OP i want on you so bad
Whoa, Calm down there boy
unf.i like a man who takes control.i want on you now too

I don't even have a dick and I want her. .Heeeey. 
pretty soon that beach is going to be covered in oil
This thing is not floating. It looks like half of it is on the beach
Are you in the 361 area?
That lady on the right side of the frame needs to hike up them drawers. 
That is actually really cool 
its amazing how that thing flys into space and back
the seagull on the second deck looks like its massive, based on the perspective of the pic
She is totally out of the water now
Lol just chillin
There is also an oil rig in the background.
that's port a!

Eh, not as impressive as 
We're talking about the giant seagul, right?
Please tell me someone else noticed the ass crack. 
wow and her but crack is showing too, but id hit it anyways.
Fuck, that's a huge seagull.
You didn't see it coming?
All I see is that woman's ass crack
Seems like this would be in China
Was that in port aransas or somewhere around padre island?
FLOATS?
I thought you were talking about the woman.
So cool!Must of been awesome to watch!
::still zooming in sporadically in search of a topless sunbathing chick::
Don't suppose there is a video of this thing being moved? It must be amazing to see it actually move.

This is what Jaegers look like currently.
I thought Europe didn't have fat people. 
Destroying an ecosystem near you 2014!
'Do you think they'll notice?'.-'Nahhhhh'
Someone was vacationing in Port Aransas Texas during the deep sea round up last weekend.
Ho Lee Fuk
Seagull for size comparison

With all the people fully clothed in the water, I would say that is definitely Galveston, TX.
If you zoom in it looks like it's getting attacked by a giant sea-gull.
I actually didn't know that those things floated, I thought they were just structures built at sea :x
I am pretty sure this is how the movie "Pacific Rim" starts
We were working on that over here at Gulf Marine Fabricators in Ingleside/ Port Aransas Tx. I think they said that rig was called Olympus. It left awhile back. I think it left from Kiewit if I can remember correctly.
WTF, the hamplanet bottom right with the crack out.
First things first! Zoomed in for the hotties! 
Thank you for not posting  this to /rWTF
Damn, I wanted to be there to see that. I love fishing off that jetty. Thanks for posting the picture
you mean the purple butt crack on the right?
Came here to comment on the exact same thing. 15 minutes too late. :/
marty get out of here!!
Saw it in person a couple weeks ago, she is a monster!
Why does it matter which corner goes to which cardinal orientation (the ballast tanks being labled NE, NW, etc)? Shouldn't the rig work the same no matter which direction it's facing?
Most of the rigs use a system called dynamic positioning.  Basically just jets that help hold the rig in place over their target location.  It'll work no matter what direction it is facing, but when you are trying to carefully maneuver it and hold it steady, it's helpful to have the correct directions of your jets.  .EDIT: Stand corrected, see below.
There's a small chance there are magnetometers which would rely on being oriented a certain way..More likely it's just to keep track of everything (so you can reference each ballast tank with something more specific than "that one").
I wondered that too. Especially since the north end was pointing south at the time. Gonna have to turn that sucker around.
Most likely, when deployed, those corners face their respective directions. It doesn't matter as much when they're in tow.
It doesn't really matter which way they are facing.  Those labels are primarily for identification purposes.  
Cardinal direction identification is for the divers benefit I'm pretty sure.
Knowing someone who works as a ballast control operator, the most likely reason would be to keep track of which ballasts are where and everything. From my understanding, when they are actually deployed, those corners do face their respective directions. Of course, you wouldn't see that part because when they're deployed, they float lower down in the water than that..The control rooms look pretty impressive and ominous, if you've never seen one.
Technically they are thrusters and they can rotate 360 deg azimuthally based on the sea forces (currents, swells, wind, etc..).  The heading of the vessel is of little importance and is positioned to minimize forces acting on it.  In this case, however, Olympus is a tension leg platform and will be moored as opposed to DP.
I'm sorry, but your beach is disgusting.
How tall?
That's no MONSTER, that there is an oil rig.
Nice legs!
What's crazy is they build these in Finland or Asia, ship them across the world all the way to Port Aransas for outfitting, then tow them back out into the gulf. 
I work for a company in Houston that has actually been working for things on that platform for a long while now. Its really cool to stumble on something that you have been working on for a year or so on the internet.
dat ass
I assumed the same thing.  Amazing something so huge just floats.
So what you're probably thinking about is a fixed platform, they have topsides that look very similar to semi-subs. .This pic gives one of the best comparisons of different rig types.
.From left to right they are:.1-3: Fixed platforms, which are used in very shallow water..4 & 5: TLP's, they have piles that run to the sea floor and keep them in place. Mid range of water depth.6: Spar, they sit on one large floating column that is moored in place. Deep water..7 & 8: Semi-submersibles, they look like traditional 4 leg platforms but they have pontoons for flotation. Kept in place with mooring lines. Deep and Ultra deep water. Used more commonly for drilling than production..9: Float Production Storage and Offloading vessel (FPSO), looks like a tanker usually with more topside equipment. Kept in place with mooring lines. Used mostly for drilling (sometimes production) in rougher seas..Let me know if you have anymore questions, I love this stuff. I majored in Maritime Systems Engineering and work for a maritime engineering company in Houston.
And I just read the article linked above about this rig. It is a TLP (will look similar to the 4th rig from the left), so it is floating and has tension piles that connect it to the sea floor.
This one is nice as well, ...As well as this amazing photo from the inside of one of its 
wtf is that?
Where you in Texas by any chance? Down near Corpus Christi a few weeks ago I celebrated the 4th of July at the place that they make these. This one looks like the exact one that they were finishing up at the time. 
What is the draft on that thing? It looks like it's only in a couple feet of water....
Ew.  That beach is gross.  Is that what all the beaches in Port Aransas look like?  Do they look like that all the time or was it just a freak thing?
There are no beautiful beaches in Texas. It's not that bad though, the water is nice and warm anyway. All of that reddish-brown stuff you see is .. If you pick a big wad of it out of the water little shrimp will jump out. 
I was thinking that reminded me of Port A then I looked at it a little closer and thought, "I think that IS Port A...".Some of those beaches are nice after a storm has passed.
For a second, I thought it was oil clumps.
The woman in the purple two piece? What a monster. 
And they call windmills ugly?
dat booty

Mom on the lower left is naked!! Wait...wait, no, no, nevermind. Just a bikini.
Bottom Right-Hand Corner...lady in purple bikini with the plumber's crack
This scares the fuck outta me. I'd be running the other way. Weird phobias, what can I say.
That was moving!?!
Yes. They float them into place and anchor them. They can be moved to new wells at will.
MILF bottom left
Did it take the beach with it?
Are the yellow things just massive barrels of air? 

really? photoshopping for upvotes? this looks like something from star wars. nice try
dat milf on the bottom left and the exact opposite on the right dat crack.
Expected to see a massive turd.But seriously, do those things normally move, or has it just gotten confused and drifted onto a beach?
That's awful!
It's called a jackup rig:

False: it is called a semi-submersible platform - 
Both false, it is called a tension leg platform or TLP

Enhance

Galveston?
I was just about to ask the same. No where is water quite the same shade of murky green diarrhea as it is in Galveston. 

Must be Latvian image. No image, only broken hopes and dreams.
No potato.  Yes Latvia.
Close, Port Aransas.
Hey! I work in that town. For people wondering: that thing was so big they had to shut down our ferries for an hour or so 
I don't go to Port Aransas much anymore. But I used to go once or thrice a year. It seemed EVERY time I was there, something MASSIVE was being towed out..Funny story, my mother-in-law had a few many to drink while at a family reunion. She kept going on and on about the ships coming into shore and how beautiful a sight it was. She was so embarrassed the next day upon realizing it was all of the oil rigs way out all lit up.
Corpus checking in. Nice weather.
I was there this past weekend and saw it floating too! 
You weren't wearing a purple bikini were you?
YESSS!  That was going to be my guess.  Best beach in TX IMHO.
It looks almost exactly like East Beach on Galveston island, but I don't think the shore curves so much on East Beach.
Recognize that seaweed!
The beaches in Texas all look the same, except South Padre. 
Dude you just went from informed inside source to GW creeper.  Bravo
I guess you didn't look at the bottom right of the picture.
I saw it but was trying to block it from my mind.
That's one big bird sitting in the middle of the oil rig...
Almost looks like he's attacking it
His parents were killed in an oil spill, and he's been out for revenge ever since.
He was helping to pull the rig.
Must be an African Swallow.
Preposterous, you would need at least 7 african swallows to life that thing!
Oh yeah an African swallow maybe, but can't be done with a European swallow that's my point.
I watched the holy grail yesterday and can now 
you may understand the reference but the science behind it is actually very complicated, it's not a simple weight ratio problem. 
But if he grabs it by the husk...
It's not a question of where he grips it!
It's not a matter of where he grips it, it's a simple matter of weight ratios.  A 5 ounce bird can not carry a 1 pound coconut.
This was taken in Port Aransas, TX on 7/13. That is a ship channel on the other side of the rock wall. Within an hour this thing was way out on the horizon. Oh and try not to look directly at the purple swimsuit lady..EDIT: Found more pics / info 
Between the people, the tech, the washed up brown biological whatever that is, heat, humidity, did you actually get to relax and enjoy, "the beach"?
Great pic!  I meant to head to Port A to see this.  Pretty impressive to see a 40 story building floating through the channel.
I thought I recognized the picturesque beaches of the Texas Gulf Coast.
I'll be driving down there tomorrow. Glad the sand still looks disgusting as ever. 
It was impressive, the pic doesn't even convey the hugeness. Even weirder was watching from the beach as it moved through the bay. (For those that don't know, Port A is on a barrier island so it has water on both sides.) From our perspective on the beach it looked like it was crawling over the sand dunes behind us.
Damn you.  Hadn't seen her until you said something.
Good news! Recent research has found that staring directly at someone you find unattractive will NOT burn out your retinas as previously believed! So your safety warning, though surely thoughtful and not at all a remarkably shitty thing to say about someone whose photo you took without permission or knowledge, is unnecessary!
It's okay, I actually met and talked to that woman. Her dog pissed on my dad's bag and when we called her on it she said "so what do you want me to do about it?" and walked away, continuing to ignore her dog that should have been leashed..So, being the type of guy who doesn't normally hate on random strangers despite their inability to cover themselves properly, I don't feel bad at all about this particular case.
Which purple swimsuit la- 
Purple has a bit of the Krakatoa on her. MILF in the hat is much better.
Yes, I had a great time, thanks. I was there for a week for a family reunion. Many coolersful of Shiner Bock were imbibed. Skin was burnt but not too badly. Didn't step on any Portuguese man-o-wars (although I saw a few.)
That's pretty awesome. I have caught a ton of fish off that jetti along with Bob Hall Pier just a bit South on Padre Island.
I thought that place looked fairly familiar. See lots of them right off the coast here in South Texas!
The crouching milf was the first thing I saw. Then the oil rig, haha
Crouching Milf, Hidden Oil Rig?
This is Shell's Olympus platform. It's heading out into the gulf to float over top 3000 feet of water and produce 100,000 barrels of oil per day .Source: I work for Shell 
Awesome!  How long before we can expect an oil spill?
Wait, where the hell do they store all that oil?
How would you get a job working on an Oil Rig?
Go to where they drill, if you can pass a drug screen there is a good chance they will hired.
It depends on what you want to do. Here's a . brief list of companies that probably have opportunities available. .For roughneck jobs with drilling contractors, look at Transocean, H&P, Ensco, Noble, Rowan, Nabors, Precision Drilling, and Hercules. .For 3rd party contracting (runs mud, geology, MWD/LWD, etc.) check out Halliburton, Schlumberger, Weatherford Int'l, and Baker Hughes..If you're a degreed engineer or geologist, you may have a chance getting a job with an E&P company in charge of drilling engineering or geology. Your E&P companies are the big oil companies you're probably very familiar with: Shell, BP, Chevron, Exxon, Conoco, Anadarko, etc..The easiest way to get into the oil biz is knowing someone that works in the oil biz. Don't get discouraged but don't be lazy. Apply to jobs online at every chance you get. Call recruiting dept's and network. While I know people who got in the biz without knowing anyone, I know a TON of people who got in the biz with a little help, myself included..If you have no experience and no degree, a roughneck job is your best bet. Roughnecks make good money, have good benefits, but work their asses off. You'll learn a ton and will have lots of opportunity for advancement. 3rd party jobs can sometimes be difficult to get, depending on degree, experience, and who you know. Getting a job at an operator (E&P company) is usually the most difficult and typically requires experience, specific/advanced degrees, or a combination of both..Good luck.
Apply to drilling companies hiring roughnecks. 
is that oil exported for sale or does it stay domestic?
WHO'S RIGHT
Domestic.  I don't think we're exporting any oil at the moment.
I'd hope not, seeing as today my refill cost $4.20 a gallon :'(.though I suppose there are many more factors at play than that.
Both
We export gasoline.
Be a geologist, engineer, chemist, or physicist, or combination of those things. 
It looks like it's floating above its waterline, do they add extra floats to it while transporting or am I just making shit up?
Yes, here is more info and pics for the interested:
Dude.. Wish I had been down at Port A for that. Looks awesome. 
that's a shitty looking beach.
It's all we got!
Arrrrrgggh. Never ending back button that doesn't return to reddit. Great pics though. 
Thank you for your misfortune so that I could go ahead and open a new tab for it.
A good Redditor saves us all from bad clicks.
[deleted]
He means going through the 90+ pictures and having to hit back through 90+ pictures.
Oh holy shit, didn't notice that. That is a TERRIBLE website design.
If anyone is wondering what it looks like when they ..
 
Video of one 
That is exactly what I was wondering.
So you are saying those things are now at the bottom of the ocean? Terrifying thought. 
Some of them are purposefully sunk to create artificial reefs!
Fisherman here, we fish these wrecks and artificial reefs, and it is VERY common to fish offshore oil platforms.  They are well known for holding huge amounts of good quality fish.
"IT'S SURROUNDED BY WATER, LETS SPRAY WATER ON IT"
 .After about  a week of posting nothing but oil spill propoganda and pictures like this one, I gave up... I am sorry I let everyone down. :(.
 I dont think I will ever be in the New York Times........
And now you're just famous for your dog. Jub Jub, or something.
I like to think my good looks and charm and comedic wit and world renown modesty had something to do with it...
Too soon.
Amazing pic, thanks for that
The moral of the story is, never tell Michael Bay where you keep them.
That's why it's called... Deepwater Horizon.
Deepwater Horizon?  Good pic....Made myself a few grand off BP stock when they finally plugged the hole...
That took some balls. You deserve the money.
Did you buy stock when it was plummeting and then resell when people thought it was safe to buy again? I don't know too much about the market.
Bought after it had plummeted. Sold after they bounced back.
That would make the most sense.
I don't even play the stock market and I'm still ashamed I didn't think of this when that was happening...
Hah! I only made $500... stupid "not having enough money at the time" thing
While the rupture was dumping millions of gallons of oil into the gulf, and they were scrambling to plug the hole, I thought "They'll fix this eventually."  I watched as the stock plummeted, then after a while it plateaued.  That's when I bought in.  It still went down a bit from where I bought in, but they eventually came up with a plan that worked..As soon as that plan was implemented, almost overnight the share price skyrocketed, relatively speaking.  Had I held on longer, I'd have made more, but I'm not greedy...Got in, got out..A few of my friends thought it was pretty low of me to exploit such a disaster, but my logic is that at least I wasn't a BP shareholder . the Deepwater Horizon incident...That'd make me complicit in shitty corporate policy that led to the disaster in the first place...Maybe that's just rationalizing, I dunno, but I don't feel guilty for making a bit of money (literally only a couple thousand dollars...don't have much to play on the market) on a situation I had absolutely no hand in creating.
I find it interesting that it dropped (relatively) so much. Did the majority of investors honestly believe that they would not come up with a solution?.If that's the case, why did we trust them to drill baby drill in the first place?
This should be what Just Cause 3 looks like.
Half life 3?
Reminds me of the final scene in Spaceballs: "Well, there goes the sequel!"
This IS what Just Cause 3 looks like
Wait- there's a Just Cause 3?
Yeah in development, here's a preview screenshot: 
Clever girl...
Smart-ass.... I like you
It blows my mind that something like that floats.
The human fat that that obese woman or "land whale" is mostly composed of is much less dense than water so even without the assistance of a flotation device it would float with ease.
It shouldn't blow your mind, the uprights it sits on are hollow and full of air so it causes the rig to float like a boat, once it is in position where they want it they flood the uprights (sorry I don't know the technical name) and it sinks.  Most oceanic construction is done like this, its really cool to watch.
This is my first thought everytime I see something like this, no amount of science will ever be able to explain this to me, I just assume there are four giant turtles beneath it carrying it around, that actually makes more sense when looking at this picture.
I'd be more amazed if it walked or swam.

You underestimate how heavy water is and the fact that thing is mostly hollow. Flying on the other hand, that's magic. 

BUOYANCY
You know what blows my mind, that something like this can FLY!!!!
 it's Russian.
LIFT

Former C-5 crew chief here. You should see when it's loaded w/troops and front to back cargo (seen it loaded with 6 helicopters one time, Navy SEAL Mark V boats, tanks) and then it's got the fuel onboard too. It's an amazing, mechanical plane to work.
I want to boop it for some reason.
Blows my mind that THIS can FLY
Blows my mind it can fly ..

I work near the airport in Costa Rica, sometimes, depending on the weather I assume, planes will fly way lower than usual during landing. President Obama was here a couple of months ago, so I got to see that massive piece of engineering flying low, right on top of me, for like a week. It was pretty awesome.
They don't fly the C-5 anymore. Now they have a C-17 which looks similar to the C-5 but is actually quite a bit smaller.
They are slowly retiring the "a" models, upgrading the "b" models to "m" models. The C-5 will live on as it's a workhorse. The C-17 was basically the replacement to the C-141, another great plane.
They do fly the c-5 still. The new version is the c-5m
lol The C-5 is still being produced.  
It would be more impressive if it had some context, any plane could look this big if you put the camera right up to it.
You ever played COD/Battlefield 3?  Remember how big the AC-130 is?  They put AC-130's INSIDE C-5's.  Murica

How's about the . that's built to carry the parts of the . body parts?
It is the ., I assume..Edit: Sorry I am wrong guys, It is the galaxy, but the beluga still fits the current topic an has a fun name
C-5 motherfucking Galaxy bandwagon post.
Definitely not. Belugas have one engine per wing. 
It's not a toomah
C5 Galaxy?
That's a C-5 Galaxy
I'm a cop you idiot!
The river...of steel. 
Well I hope you left enough room for my fist, because I'm going to ram it into your stomach and break your goddamn spine!
Nope, that is a ... Whoa guys stop downvoting this chap just because he got the wrong plane! We aren't all plane nerds like me!! 

What you see here is the rarely caught-on-camera birth of an aircraft. It's beautiful if you ask me. .tldr: Nature. 
And now a tank: 
These have been known to eat up to 3 times their own weight in other aircraft when other food (such as tanks and trucks) are scarce..The more you know!
My parents used to work on Ch-47's that just put in perspective how fucking huge that plane is. Holy shit
 Russians...
That thing looks so happy with its rainbow face.
There is a transport unit inside of another transport unit.

Yo dawg I heard you like transports...
It's a C-5 Galaxy.
It should be noted that the . had a larger wingspan, and it was built in 1947..(Thanks The Aviator, 2004)
But the Hercules can't lift locomotives, the Antonov 225 can.
After googling large aircraft, ..
Check out the super guppy: . Not as big but neat looking.
Looks like a fat seagull
It kinda looks sad :(

Zero research guess: Antonov-225?
is this a joke?
Zero effort answer: yes.
Damn, beat me to it.  That is also my guess, but I am no planologist.
with a filename  "Antonov_An-225".
it's a pretty easy guess.
Career never took off?
Wi tu lo
His parents wanted him to be somewhat grounded after highschool.
something something in-flight movie
It's hard to land a job in that industry
Not a career where you can just wing it and get by. 
He passed his exams with flying colors, maybe his luck will change.

My grandfather passed away recently, and now I really want to call my grandmother to see how she is.
I'm 32 years old. My mother died from cancer when I was 17. My dad passed when I was 23. Long illnesses both. I still to this day sometimes get a memory of my mother and it's like it just happened. Complete wash of grief and sadness. It absolutely terrifies me to think of losing my children or my husband. I don't think I could handle it.
Maybe instead of taking a picture behind her back you could actually go talk to her for a few minutes.  Well more like a few hours, but still.
 
My heart.
Goddamnit, i want that kind of love!.Is it just me or does it seem that there are less and less people these days that are capable of it?
Ok the comments are making me sad. My heart goes out to anybody thats lost a loved one 
I cant even think about my parents not being here without tearing up :'(
TWIST: the very reason he died was because he was eating steak n shake everyday for lunch. 
i hate seeing elderly people alone at restaurants.
And you take a picture and whore it for karma, fuck you, that's her private life you piece of shit
That's just sad
And my axe.
Heart wrenching. :(


What scares me is not being able to find someone that makes me feel like that

Before I die, I am going to take picture of myself eating lunch happy and delicisouly and print it in large photo so my loved one can see it while she is eating lunch alone when I am gone so she don't have to eat alone util we meet again.
Let me give you some periods.....
Clicked link without looking at thumbnail; definitely expected to see an urn at the table. Maybe with potato head eyes and arms too.
I was waiting for a picture of an urn of his ashes sitting on the table. This is better.
TIL what a steak n shake is
Who pays the bill?
for those who don't know the back story of this picture: 
Tube Steak that gramma.
I bet she doesn't tip for two. In my experience the elderly barely tip at all.
That's the saddest thing ive ever read :'(
that's awesome. RIP Old Man..
Lie down... Try not to cry.... Cry a lot. 
If she's eating at Steak n' Shake everyday, she'll surely be joining him soon.
Am I the only one who is kind of creeped out by the photography of this? I don't think the lady knew she was being photographed... And this might be kind of a private thing..
I didn't realize I had a heart, but then I saw this..Damn.
He might still be alive if he didn't eat Steak 'n Shake every day.
I used to work at a Steak 'n Shake. One thing I really miss is interacting with the old couples that came in to eat. They showed me that love and happiness can last a lifetime. This picture makes me so happy. 
"Love lost is still love. It takes a different form, thats all. You cant see their smile or bring them food or tousle their hair or move them around a dance floor. But when those senses weaken, another heightens. Memory. Memory becomes your partner. You nurture it. You hold it. You dance with it. Life has to end. Love doesnt."
you people are the reason advertisers/large corporations make so much money.
I hope everyone can find someone that they can develop that kind of relationship with.
They really need to cut less onions in the kitchen there. Is making my eyes water.
I wish that I could find a woman who loves me that much. 
'shopped.
Perhaps he died because they had lunch at Steak 'n Shake every day.
I can't imagine what it would be like to lose your best friend of multiple decades but this picture makes me excited for a future lifelong relationship and simultaneously somber that the ultimate end will be loneliness for one of the two people.
My grandma will be 89 this year, my grandpa died 2 years ago. They were married for 65 years. Their house is 2 bedrooms, and since he passed my grandma sleeps in the guest room and calls their bedroom 'grandpas bedroom.' Breaks my heart.
fuck, I'm crying like a seahorse.
My grandfather died this past spring. I think to myself, I haven't even gotten over it, how can my poor Grandma be doing all alone? This life really doesn't make sense to me at all. It just makes me sad.
i hope the one i will love will understand i will love them beyond life
.
Getting dumped because he no longer loves you and then seeing this thread is just ripping the wound open more. Always thought we'd be like this, now I don't want it with anyone else. 

We ain't gettin any younger
I hope you received her permission to take and then post this picture.  As beautiful of a moment that this is, it makes me sad to think of her privacy being violated by a complete stranger...
for shame, this is rubber necking at it's darkest, don't kid yourselves
<a href="http://fineartamerica.com/art/all/sunset/all" style="font: 10pt arial; text-decoration: underline;">sunset art</a>
Someone give this lady a hug.
Definitely "notebook" material here.... 
Would be better if she brought the body
This is a feel I know. My Grandma passed a year and a half ago, and we'd go to Steak 'n Shake all the time together over the course of our 30 years. The last meal I ate with her (and her last real meal) ended with a brownie sundae from there. I go get a Patty Melt and onion ring on her birthday now in her honor. 
I began to believe in love again.
or it's a picture of an old lady assassin studying her next target
I WANT LOVE LIKE THIS. 
My grandmother, the strongest woman I know: I've only seen her openly cry once. My grandfather was on the verge of death from a heart attack. She came to me, and burst into to tears, asking 'what will I do without him?' Luckily, he made it out ok, and actually celebrated his 80th birthday today, but that pain still haunts me. I see me losing her shortly after losing him. 

No, no. It's just been raining on my face. 
congratulations on callously exploiting and invading this lady's privacy w/o the slightest justification.  you would fit right in w/the US police state. 

its almost been a year since my best friend/brother from a different mother passed away . it was such a blind side hit me and him happened to work together also and the day it happened I got a call from my boss saying he didn't show up for work and wasn't answering his phone I remember being so mad cause I had to go into work and was all like damn that mofo went out drinking without me. well I got there and me and my boss were talking woundering where he was at that's when a sheriffs car came pulling up I was thinking o no he didn't get arrested did he , but what came out of his mouth brought me to my knees in grief in his words he said he wasn't going to make it to work that he had passed away through the night in a bad car accident . I just couldn't believe it when he had left work the night before i never knew it was gonna be the last time i would ever see him that i was the last person he had been with it just tears me apart i still am in disbelief that it happened . what was worst was his wife at the time was pregnant she recently had the baby and its like he was reborn she had a little girl and when i look at her she always gives me his lil smirk i just wish he was here to see her . tl;dr enjoy every moment with everyone your hold close because you never know when they could not be there the next day .
reminds me of this JFL prank


After being married for 15 years, I cannot fathom losing my wife, I couldn't take that kind of pain. I know people deal with it all the time, but I come unglued when she goes away for work for a few days. I can't think about it. too painful.
No greater love than the true love for your "soulmate". Until death do you "both" part. Amen sweet woman. May we all have the opportunity to have such a deep love for our "soulmate"
This reminds me of my grandparents. Been married for 62 years and my pop is in heart failure now and just...not himself. I wake up with a pit in my stomach every day that one may lose the other. While I am devastated by the thought of losing either, I'm more hurt by the thought of not seeing them as a pair..Whoo...sorry Reddit. It's been a hard week.
This is sad, but great at the same time.  Even in death that man is loved and cherished by his wife.  Until Death do us part? Nah, it's way further than that if you truly loved someone.
Way to exploit someone else for karma. Did your girlfriend ask if she could take this picture?
so sad
Buy her a nice frame.
I recently lost my wife who I had been with for the last 10 years. I watched her take her last breath and that image torments me. I'm 29 and she was 37 when she passed. We did absolutely everything together and now that she's gone, I don't know how to go about life. Nothing makes sense anymore and I feel without purpose. Every decision I've made in the last 10 years has been for her and with her. She was my best-friend and without her I feel truly alone and isolated.

thats sad and sweet but dear god give the women some privacy unless she allowed the picture but i doubt it
Get your girlfriend to introduce you guys, and ask her if you could have lunch with her once. Maybe ask about her husbands life; it could cheer her up. Just a suggestion.

I want to drive to my boyfriends house, wake him up, and tell him we have to move in together, maybe get married. In our hearts, we are already married in the sense that we each know, and believe the other, that we are not only a perfect fit, but that there is no one better for each of us. We fulfill requests, needs, desires and the empty space that we all carry around; well, the absence of something..The proverbial cross that we each bear doesn't disappear, nor does the other do the carrying. Rather, he is next to me while I walk, giving me strength with kind words, and every now and then a little lift while he carries me, and he guides me along the path, taking my mind away from the existential angst that burdens us, the sinking feeling in the pit of ones stomach that yearns for something more, a BETTER FEELING, a thing we don't know how to define, but we reach, and grasp and try.....Then he was there. I didn't reach out to him and latch on, I invited him to join me on my path, and go ahead, you bring your cross too, and lets walk. And we are walking, heavy though our burdens will be we laugh together, cry together, and coax eachother along the way. Love, true love (I just read that as I typed it in the voice of the Princess Bride priest/minister....'Wuv....twoooo wuvvv'), I digress.... .Basically, I have a lunch buddy. .I want to stop caring about the social approprium of time, and start our life. For two allegedly free thinkers, we are certainly acting bound...bound by what our families will say, what our friends will think, and how maybe we will have $10K more soon. .Looking at that picture in the picture made me realize that waiting to live your dream is like staring at that picture forever, but we choose it..He and I are going to have a nice talk tomorrow..Thank you kind stranger, oh, I mean Mr. Jamal the Monkey, for showing me something I needed to see. .Love feels like a hug that tells you everything is going to be ok, and even when it isn't ok, it is..I wish I could hug all of reddit, one by one, or hug then pass it along. Even you dim witted rude randomlydownvoting ignorant angry pricks, I'd hug YOU the hardest.

This is adorable. .If only my Steak 'n Shake had had more of this and less stoned people at the drive-thru. 

About 3 years ago I was waiting tables and an elderly gentleman walked in and sat at a table by himself. I noticed that he had wedding ring on and immediately knew that this man had just recently lost his wife. I told the waitress my theory and she asked if I knew him. I didn't know him, just simple observation. Turns out, the man had lost his wife a few  weeks earlier and they use to go out and eat an early supper all the time. He said he still continues to go places to eat even without her because those times eating together were some of his most precious memories and wanted to keep the memory of his wife alive in his mind.

Aaaawwww. It's cool that his memories are a source of joy...I get that. After 8 years with my husband, if he ever dies, which I hope never ever happens I can see how memories of such a loved person would be sweet and treasured.
Lunch at Steak 'n Shake everyday and she'll be joining him real soon.
I remeber when people used to respect other's privacy and not post it on the internet for "karma".
im glad this wasnt some sort of weekend at bernies situation
I was half fearing this.
Stories and pictures like this make me so sick to my stomach and literally make me cry. I can't help but picture my loved ones like this. 
Working in a restaurant myself, I can't get away from it! This is love. This is what love ceases to be now a days. 

Privacy? 
Thank you. I'm glad I'm not the only one who thinks taking pictures of people without their knowledge and posting them on popular online forums is a bit creepy. Or perhaps that's going a bit far and it's only me, but I stand by it being creepy and self serving.
It's intentional; viral ad for steak'
Sad or no, it's a kinda dick move to be sneaking a pic of a grieving widow for some karma groveling. 
I agree, let the poor woman have her moment. She doesn't needs you intruding 
I expected an urn. 
Dammit, when am I gonna be first with a thought?

 
No it was completely necessary to put the company's name in the title. This post would be completely ridiculous if we didn't know the exact restaurant chain.

FRISCO MELT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Have you had their parmesan fries? Yummy!
The fact that he mentioned the name of the restaurant in the title is obvious marketing for this restaurant..The story does not require the restaurant name be mentioned. 

.
Scumbag Redditor:.THINKS SPYING IS WRONG.SPIES ON INNOCENT, GRIEVING OLD LADY AND POSTS RESULT ON REDDIT FOR KARMA
Hurray double standards!

Reddit: licking Snowden's balls over privacy and posting creep shots of old widows in the same breath.

Probably because they ate steak and shake every day.......Sorry.
yea its definitely NOT because theyre old

Came here to say this. Steaks + shakes on a regular basis = monster kill

My sister is a supervisor at a local theater.  I remember her telling me of an elderly couple that came in once a week and they'd get the number 1 special: 2 drinks and a large popcorn.  The wife passed away about a year or so ago, but once a week the guy comes in and purchases two tickets and the number one special.  It's really very heartbreaking.  
jesus i just don't know how much more of this i can take. 

That was way too many feels all at once. 
That's stupid. My wife would come back to haunt me if I was wasting money like that.

Streak 'n Shake is the one thing I miss about home more than anything. .*leaving it.
Colorado here, there's one very close to me!
Steak 'n Shake is one of the few chain restaurants in America that is doing everything right. 

Get yourself some pop-rocks, that should remind you of home.
You sun-ov-a-bitch
Gross.

Streak 'n Shake? Shit, that sounds naughty.
My first thought was that it was the best name for a strip club ever. We have one here in Portland that serves exactly that.


It's literally the only thing I miss about Ohio.

Yayy! I'm from Ohio! Wait.....
Wait, they don't have them outside of Ohio? Fuck. 
All over Georgia. I thought they were pretty much in every state. 
Houston, Texas checking in. Also have one Steak n Shake that I know of.

Plenty in Florida
Yes, I believe Houston has 3 steak n shakes.

Iowa has 'em.  We have two in town.  :)


vegas has one.
Virginia here. Havent been to it yet but we have one. 

All over Illinois, thankfully.
Fun fact: Steak and Shake was founded in Normal, IL. I grew up in Bloomington/Normal, IL, and now live in the Dallas Fort Worth area. People are always amazed that there is a town named Normal when I tell them where I'm from.  

Ah, good ol' Bloomington-Normal!
They do. Have a couple close by here in Kansas City..edit: 
Sacrilege..WINSTEADS FOR LIFE!!.Unless you actually went to KU, then there's a little bit of room in life for Wheatfields..BUT THAT IS IT!

They are seemingly off every single exit in Missouri. 

Indiana reporting in. God bless Steak 'n' Shake.

 'n' Shake?.That's a little different....Edit: forgot how to bold on mobile.
I mean... I'm up for trying new things...
Thought I was the only one who noticed, I was expecting a lot of NSFW gifs

And Cracker Barrel 
We've got a pretty good amount of those here in New Jersey
Mmmm....cheesy potato casserole.  .Makes me want to faceplant my breakfast every time.

I fucking love Cracker Barrel, but we do not have any here. I hope to god they put one in Orange County one day. 

I'm a MA resident and found one in-state just a year or so ago. Let me tell you, I'm a fan..I mean... I get to pick 3 fucking sides? In addition to the god-damned roll? What sweet heaven is this?
Wait, seriously?  I love stake and shake and have never found one in Massachusetts!
Oh, sorry. I was referring to Cracker Barrel. According to Steak And Shake's website, the nearest location to MA is in Manhattan. Could be an excuse to head over. 


how about country fried EVERYTHING! my girlfriend grew up in the south and I in Massachusetts. when we were heading out west we passed a Cracker barrel and she goes "STOP NOW! we are eating lunch right now. you have no choice." good times

English here. Had this in St Louis. Amazing place! 
I miss America. 

As an American, I've never had it...I think it's a southern and Midwest thang
Theres one 10 miles from my house and I've never been in. no one really talked about that place ever. Right now Bonchon is all the rage.


Moving from the east coast to Midwest this summer I had never had it before. It's nothing too special. It's cheap for what you get. 
It's cheap and awesome and 24 hours.

American here. Thanks for saying that, it's nice to know that there are people on the internet who aren't afraid to openly like my country..P.S. please send real fish and chips, 

Jeez, this makes me sadder than the old lady lunching with her photograph. Canadian here, not afraid to say that I love your country. Sure you're going through a rough patch right now, but if any nation can put itself back together it's the USA. Still sets the standard by which all other countries are judged. That's why your mistakes are so frightening to us all. Go USA, because the alternatives are China and Russia.

Hey, man, another American here and I appreciate that. My wife is from Italy and still loves America (and prefers it to her homeland), as tough as it is sometimes.
Better take a picture of a woman's touching moment and reap that sweet karma. 
plenty of pictures of a woman's touching moment in r/gonewild
Yep strolling down for the rightous/moralistic reddit comment, my comment combo is complete.

Seriously can no one have a private moment anywhere in the USA without a reddit or trying to photo it for imaginary Internet points?
Don't worry it's just an actor. The marketing people who made this are really F'in good.
I hope it's just an actor. 

Something about this just sets off bells and whistles. The way she's looking at the picture of her husband and how well the posted picture was taken (even though it was sneaky and hasty for sure). That, and who would bother to take a picture of this private moment and share it? If the employee of Steak&Shake knows this person don't you think they'd respect her privacy enough not to post it on a social sharing site?.Not only that, but if the employee has been there a while you would imagine that they actually care about their job to an extent. Wouldn't posting something like this be in violation of the customer's privacy or some company policy? Thus leading us to think they could get fired over it. Is it worth it to them to share this publicly? I call marketing shenanigans. .On top of that it's nearing 4k upvotes - that's pretty insane for a post like this. .Don't worry it's just a contrived situation with a model probably.

Stop saying "right in the feels".

I support this statement. Its a step above text speak.
At least they don't say "onions" anymore.
I see people still staying that all the time.
Ohhhh, the ffeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeellllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllssssssssssssssssssssss.

How did you turn the L's green?

you high bro?
They look purple to me. Why is this?

It's not green...

TIL about the 
That was really cool, but my eyes hurt now.
stared at that one pic long enough and thought hard enough to turn the red blue and green yellow, when i tried to do it again the upright lines started dancing and i had to stop..
I think I'm doing t wrong. Horizontal turned green and vertical turned pink
TWIST!: She asks for separate checks.

TWIST! She still expects him to pay.

You forgot a colon.
*Braces for clarification.
I used to work in this little cafe and there was this lovely old couple that used to come in every Tuesday. He was an absolute gentleman and you could tell they were still madly in love. He would help her take her coat off, pull her chair out for her, they were always laughing, holding hands and just plain cute. Having come from somewhat of a broken home it gave me hope, I always thought that's how I wanted to be in my 70s, still madly in love with my soulmate. A few years after meeting them she passed away. He would still come in and you could see the sparkle in his eye was gone, it was like a flame had been snuffed out and you could see he had given up. Some of the staff and I would eat with him if we had time but you could just see how devastated he was and I swear I never saw him smile like he did with her until one day he said, "well now I've just got to be patient until I get to see her again". He passed away about three months later. To this day I can't fathom losing someone you love that much and if I'm honest I scared of loving someone that much out of fear of losing them. 
I am married to someone I love that much and I am absolutely terrified of losing her or leaving her alone. We have talked about it and we know one day it will happen. It is part of living life. We cherish every single minute we are together.  
My grandfather was devastated after my grandmother died. He passed away less than six months after her death and we've always said he died of a broken heart. 

I'm 54, my wife is 60. I'm madly in love with her. I always tell her that I hope she dies before I do.  Sounds selfish, but it's the opposite. I can't bear the thought of living without her and I don't want her to experience the pain of losing me..Anyway, every moment I'm with her, I cherish.  I think that someday I may not have her and at that time I'd give anything and everything I have just to spend another moment with her again -- so I have that moment right now, so I better make the most of it..Hmm, so why the fuck am I posting on reddit while she's in the next room alone? 

If you reply to this anytime soon you are an asshole. 
You ever see something like this and you just think "Fuck, no one will ever care about me like that,"...? No? Okay, back to my corner I guess.

Taken! Find another corner.
Oh... I uh... Sorry.....
Sadly I look at it and think "I'll never care about anyone like that" which is just as bad..Especially since I'm married. 

then you need to reevaluate your life dude

Ah once you're dead it doesn't matter how many people care for you, you're not going to know..I hope that cheered you up a little.
That cheered me up..Now let me find my noose...
If you are in High school, everyone will become your best friend in an instant!.Im so sorry.
dont worry, i laughed!
And give you tons of candles, cards, bows, balloons, ribbons, stuffed animals, and other crap! Piles and piles of the stuff.
Life is way longer than you realize.
To the young.

That's the scary part...

It's even more sweet now that it's on Reddit. Where emotion goes to die. 
Because invading someone's privacy is okay when you can slap an instagram filter on it and whore it for karma!
Seriously, am I the only one who thinks this is kind of intrusive of someone to post it on reddit? .Fucking kids these days.

KILL-BOT 5000 DOES NOT UNDERSTAND EMOTION. REVERTING TO DEFAULT PROGRAM: KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL KILL.
A comment as sweet as ricin.

I don't know how I feel about that comment.

I feel very neutral about the situation.



I do the same thing except I bring a picture of Kate Upton. 

And you're in the bathroom.

Thank you for making me laugh in my sea of tears right now :)
You're doing it wrong.

What's the right way, SCROTUM_TICKLER?

Under the table. With both hands. Eating at the same time.

Wait, so both hands under the table and my face planted in the food? I want to get this right.
That appears to be the method SCROTUM_TICKLER is describing. I like to imagine that your head would be thrashing and banging against the food as well. 
Yea you don't want to mess this one up, people might judge you.
Correct, you may need a straw for your drink though.

Nah, ask for a thin glass so you can wrap your lips round the glass.
Where is shitty_watercolour when you need em...
Lets see if we can't summon him. 
.
 .
 
It works with Wil... 
This is very sentimental, but is anyone else tired of hearing:.or any other variation thereof?
"Feels" has become an enraging word.
Like dis if u cry evertyme
I also find it quite perturbing that people get off on pictures that are taken without the person's consent, sharing a moment that was clearly not meant to be shared on the Internet with millions of people.  These types of posts hit me in the "uggghh I want to vomit" feels.

Yes, "feels" is the one that grinds my gears in particular. Had an eye twitch reading . literally two minutes ago.
But here at . we custom make your delicious grilled steakburger to order, so you can hold the onions if you're tired of them. 
I don't understand why people on here just can't say something to the effect of "that was touching"..It's like they're afraid of feeling anything so they mask it with humor..I don't know, maybe this is coming off pretentious. Certainly not my intention.
Actually that's about spot on. I've caught myself saying variants of "I know that feel" and it's usually because the subject at hand effects me more than I'd like..The feel meme is also one of the very few I'm not tired of at the moment. I still crack up when I see that face..I get why it bothers though. I always hated the onions line.

"humor" is something of strong term to use there. I simply see it as people thinking "using this phrase got upvotes for someone else" or "this is the correct place to put this stock phrase", either way coming across as about as witty or sincere as simply repeating Arrested Development phrases.
Kind of feel sorry for you right now, all you wanted was a serious answer and you got nothing but circlejerk..But you were asking for it as soon as you mentioned it. That's what generally happens and when people on the internet say something like "DAE get sick of internet memes?"..Personally I don't mind dat feel actually. But like anything it depends on if people repeat it in the same thread or not.
DAE literally MFW that awkward moment

Redditors hate him for this one weird trick!
have feels gone too far?

Sorry couldn't hear you, was too busy feeling onions, bro.


Right in the bro's, onion
I was a bro like you until I took an onion to the feels. 

Right in the onions, bro
Right in the onions Bro
I know that onions, feel. 

Feel my bro, onions. 

Onions feel, my bros.

And that, ., is why we don't bring up things we hate on Reddit.

I like to feel my bros onions.
Feel my onions, bro
Onion
Feel my onions, bro

Onions, feel my bro.
I fucking love you guys
Onions have feelings, bro.

Onions have layers.
That's fucking deep, bro
How many layers deep?


Says the guy not feeling his bro's onions

This is why I love reddit. It's a moment to moment emotional roller coaster. You bastards made me laugh through my tears. Thank you all. 

That's sad and sweet
Sit down and have some lunch with her.
I wish I could elaborate more but I'm fairly sure that your two words are the best at describing this.
salty and sweet, steak and shake

This is sad but what is even more sad is the ones who never had this.  

and I knew it complete

It makes life seem not worth living. All there is, is pain in the end. Fuck that. I am crying so hard now, for things I haven't even experienced yet. Goddamn i hate how much empathy I can feel in one moment. 
Yes loss is a pain that everyone faces at some point in life. But, it is all the greatness up until then that makes it all worth while.  

Death and dying aint pretty, friend. Companionship and love give it meaning. Just like the rest of life. 
I want to eat lunch with her and ask her how they met.

It's not sad. It's beautiful.  I'm pushing 40, I recently divorced my  wife.  You know why it's not sad? She's not wallowing in pity.  She's keeping her love for him going, even if its that memory of her slightly quiet lunches with him.  We all know the quiet old couple in the diner, maybe they don't chat much.  Maybe it's because they already know how the other takes their eggs, or how the other snores a bit after a glass of red wine.  They are absolutely comfortable with a bit of silence, they know each other.  And love each other, not in spite of things the other does, but because of those little things..
To me, love is celebrating the differences.  It's wanting to come home to someone.  It's not having to ask "what are you thinking," because you already know.  When I see this photo, it makes me believe in love again..And Fuck OP for getting me teary tonight.  
You're right to say it is beautiful.  I hope you never stop believing in love and I certainly hope it finds you soon. 
Thank you.  It's been 14 years, but I finally found someone who gives me butterflies.  

And I knew it complete, when I wore a younger man's clothes.
And I knew it complete. When I wore a younger mans clothes.
la la la, di da da
La la, di di da da dum.....
Sing us a song you're the piano man
Sing us a song tonight...
Can we organize a campaign to pay for her lunches? And by "we" I mean OP since this is his girlfriend's place of employment. 

My Dad has spent nearly 4 years without my Mum, the woman he married in 1955.  His health is rapidly declining and he's now living in care, but every time I speak to him or visit him he mentions her - and for the last few years of her life she had no idea how much he loved her.  Dementia is horrible ... and the woman in this pic is wearing a blouse very much like one my Mum owned, and I have kept.  I need more tissues.  :(
That is such a sad situation.  I certainly agree that dementia is a terrible thing to be able to erase such important memories from a person.  So sorry for the loss of your mom, and bless your dad for having to continue without her with him. 
Stop making me cry, reddit!


Dammit are those assholes cutting onions in your house now?
Sorry. 
Thank you.  Dad's failing fast so realistically he won't be alone for too much longer.  Then it will just be me (and my husband and sons of course) but no siblings to reminisce with when Dad's gone.  Goodness, I sound more than a little pathetic don't I.  Must be the cold, wet day here getting to me.
Actually I complete get that.  I only have one child, and don't have much extended family, so I think sometimes of how my daughter will be alone when I am gone.  I'm glad you have your husband and sons to be with you through such difficult times. Hopefully by the time I go my daughter will have a family of her own also.  
Hugs. 
Reddit will always be here for you!
You've got a great outlook.  It's a sad situation indeed, but I wouldn't call your emotional state pathetic... my eyes gettin' all misty while reading your comment, on the other hand,  that may be considered so.  I'm sure lots of people here can identify with what you're feeling, and would have a very similar reaction.  I doubt I would be able to deal with it so gracefully, if we were to trade places..Good luck to you and your family, and give your pops a hug for all of us.
Hey, if u need to talk IM me. Just lost my Dad this spring. He was two months shy of 90 & in an asstd living place for dementia. 

and get together and eat..now DJ Methuselah's gonna drop a beat. 
That guy looks just like my grandfather..... He lost his wife of 59 years in 2008. 

and now I'm crying.
Don't cry, dry your eye. 
And go out for a treat

That makes me sad.
TIL Steak 'n Shake has a time rift, they go there to . they're dead lovers. 

They go there to see, they are dead lovers.
it is almost as if he was both grammatically correct and incorrect at once..oPeacheso has a grammar rift.


Knock it off people. I can't see my keyboard through weepy eyes. :(

What do you need to see your keyboard for?
Because I can't type for shit.

At least you're honest.
And humble. Don't forget humble.


Look! Look with your weepy eyes!

My brand!

I was thinking of that man when I saw this. It upset me then and it upsets me still.

I'm sad, too. Hold me.
Surprise ending, they both have Alzheimer's disease and just keep forgetting where each other are.


Maybe he just went out to eat alone?

Not heart-wrenching. Don't want to hear it. 

Just imagine that he was a humble balloon salesman, and he couldn't afford to take his barren wife on her dream adventure, and she died with him not being able to save enough money to do anything but wait for death.

DAMMIT
But then he meets an obese boy-scout and a scizophrenic dog and is finally happy.

Nah, that's just the dementia finally taking hold.

Maybe his wife is in the bathroom? 
Maybe his wife dropped him off by the door and then parked the car because he has a hard time walking and she is physically fit. And are both there to surprise their granddaughter on her birthday, as she is a waitress there. Grandpa doesn't get ouch much anymore, except on very special days like this day. :))
The big bathroom in the sky
What? Why, in a restaurant would you have to take an elevator to get to the bathroom? That's just bad business.


I'm getting flush with emotion.
I know what you mean, I am on the rim of crying.
Not here, not now

No this is Reddit, there is always a fabricated story related to the picture.
this shit actually happens. my friend worked at a restaurant where this couple ate 5 days a week for years in the same booth. Husband dies from heart attack. Probably the burgers 5 days a week. The wife still eats there at the same booth..I see all the other sarcastic replies but there is at least this one real example.

My fathers, new girlfriends, sister-in-law promised that this was not the case, and you must be mistaken.

At first, I legitimately read this as saying there were at least 5 people who had promised you.  Then punctuation...
As a note, it's supposed to be:.Father's new girlfriend's sister-in-law.Otherwise it's a list..I was confused at the multiple fathers having new girlfriends, since multiple fathers typically means they're gay.
Well my sisters, best friends, cousins, roommate explained to me that it was..

Or maybe this one is real and, in their old age, they somehow think each other has passed away. So every day they go to Steak 'n Shake and sit down to eat in memory of one another, but never see each other.
The romantic comedy version is like a double-sided geriatric Fifty First Dates.
You should write a book about that. Middle aged women would eat that shit up.
That would be the saddest thing ever.

I know right?.But imagine then that after all of this coincidental bad timing like going to get extra napkins from opposite sides of the room and missing each other by mere seconds, that one day they bump into each other....Actually they'd probably die of a heart attack so that'd be bitter-sweet. 

A short story would probably work. Give it a really happy ending and call it 50 Steaks of Grey.


I'm not necessarily afraid of death, but I am afraid of spending my life with someone for 20, 30, 40, 50 some odd years only to wake up one day and realize they're not there anymore and aren't coming back. I don't know how anyone deals with that kind of grief. 
Hopefully those decades between meeting and saying farewell to your SO involve ridiculous amounts of sex, unexpected adventures, true kindness, and more belly laughs than you can remember.  We're all going to get old and pass. Everything in between is worth the ride.
I'd be happy that they are in a better place rather than being old, frail and aching all the time in this pointless existence.

Don't fret, she will see him again soon if she continues her heart-melting lunch meeting every day at Steak 'n Shake

Well, at least there's one thing I don't have to worry about.

My grandfather passed away of massive stroke yesterday (very unexpected). The worst part is watching the pain my grandmother is experiencing. I feel bad every time she goes to sleep because when she wakes up it hits her all over again.
sorry to hear about your loss, my grandfather also passed away (a year ago) and yup, it killed me to see my grandmother alone. they were married for 57 years. everyone in the family made a deal to spend as much time with grandma so she's never alone..hang in there.

My grandmother passed about four years before my grandfather, who I think died at 87. They'd been together for over 60 years at that point. He loved seeing family, but he was never the same. He cried every time he heard her name. I hope my wife and I can arrange for something ala the Notebook instead of that.
Reminds me of Theodore Roosevelt's journal entry the day his wife died .Edit
Posted wrong link 
My husband's grandfather died last year.  He had lost his wife 7 years earlier, after 67 years of marriage.  He still found happiness in some things, but was never the same after she died.  Even worse, his daughter (my mother in law) systematically stripped away all the things that brought order and meaning to his life.  Finally he just...slipped away.  Getting old is bad.  Losing your lifetime best friend and partner is bad.  But if you can't find . that makes like worth living, even if it's volunteering at a retirement center or taking care of a stray cat...that is the worst of all.
When you get to retirement age, you've made your mark on the world, and have made plans to grow old together and enjoy your legacy. One day it's great, the next the whole rug is pulled out from under you..I lost my Mom and Aunt within a month of each other last year. My grandparents are crushed, and it's safe to say they'll never be the same. It's likely my Dad won't either, but he's being active and getting back out there. It's really hard, but people need to find substitutes that make life worth living, regardless of age, or they'll slowly decay. But God, is it hard.
I think the 50 years of memories helps.
Man this was like the first comment in this thread that didn't cripple me with despondency. 


I think that only makes it worse.

It depends how you look at it
I'm blessed to have a wonderful girlfriend who reminds me that she loves me every day, and I can't think of something scarier than her death later in my life. But! What you said almost brought me to tears. Thank you, random redditor, for letting me think about it in a brand new way.
Knock on wood man, KNOCK ON WOOD.
On the bright side, you might die first!
I know. When I see stuff like this, I just can't imagine going to some place you would always go to with someone you love, but instead of seeing them looking back at you as they always would, there's no one there, and you can just think of the conversation you would have and know that will never happen again

damn i was okay until the bit about convo reminiscing 

Shit. Same here. And I'm in 10 years deep on my marriage.
i have not began a human marriage yet
A human marriage? What kind have you begun then?
Whatever kind it may be, my guess is that it involves the internet somehow. 

I do this quite often when I go somewhere that me and my lady used to go a lot. Ill remember our conversations or the things she would say if she was there with me. Or when I go to where she used to work and just remember winking at her from across the room and she would walk up to me and give me a huge hug and a kiss. It feels so empty and lonely when you visit these types of places but a part of me just wants to reminisce and relive the memory even if it hurts after, man I miss her so much.

I read this and instantly wanted to give you a hug..Then I saw your username....Now a hug and a high five.
Ahha yea the username -_- haha well thank you friend.
Condolence Five
Yeah, that would be super hard. I love my husband so much and we have so much fun together, just in daily life.... But for me personally I know that if he died I would see him again someday in Heaven. In my belief, he would be with Jesus. So, if you are contemplating your mortality I'd encourage you to ask God for those answers, because he loves you. 

Man, sometimes I wish I believed in an afterlife. It would make the death of a loved one hurt that much less. But deep down, I know I believe that death is final and that I will never see them again. The best I can come to is dreams. I still have vivid dreams of a close friend that died several years ago, and in my dreams we can still hang out and everything is normal. Its kinda funny, though, how in every dream I realize I'm dreaming and ask my friend, "you know you're dead, right?" He is always just like, "yea?" And then we just hang like old times. I would like to believe that this is somehow his spirit still connecting with me, but I know I really believe its just my memories of him. In a way, its kind of a testament to who he was that he can leave that sort of impression on me so that he will always live on in my mind. 

After you die, you might not be able to see your friends/family again....but you also won't see anything at all. You won't feel sad anymore because you'll simply cease to exist. And that, I find, is even harder to wrap my head around..I like to believe that I will suddenly be able to recall every thought and memory I ever had, in third person. Sometimes I do weird shit in front of the mirror, because I think it will be funny when I'm re-watching it later. Oh well...whatever is, is.
I danced naked after reading this. Damn that would be funny to watch. XD
My mother died over twenty years ago and my brother nearly twenty. Sadly even in my dreams their faces aren't as clear as they used to be.
I read somewhere on reddit that when you remember things you're really remembering the last time you thought of that thing. So it's like copying a copy. Each one gets less and less clear. ='(. 
It's all just a ruse he's put together to get help cracking a safe, that's not part of the antiques
I was with you all the way till ---- .Do Not tease reddit with this. If you are going to open it you better post the contents here. We are still reeling emotionally from the last person who left us hanging. . 
another safe!?!?! NO!!! GOD DAMNIT NO!!!~!
you fucking safe mother fucker you. quit toying with my emotions. 
Green River Phosphates!! There are two places on in Chicago and one in Oregon that still serve it!!
I like the thought process behind the painted ivory beaver.  "Lets take a precious commodity, known for it's creamy white finish, carve it, and then paint it brown, like a cheap piece of wood."
God dammit!
Umm does anyone know the shelf life of Opium? 
"And finally, If someone could give me some tips to get this thing open, I swear i'll post what's inside.".Ah, shit. 
Nice Job Burying the lead with the safe at the end...
Is the safe for sale?
Best I can do is tree fiddy. 
Am I the only one that only cares about the safe now?
Dammit another safe!!! OP I hope you deliver! & I hope that the contents of the safe are not anything supernatural that when released will come after you!!!  
motherfuckin safe at the end. 
So, 22 pictures later, there's a safe.  Please reddit, I have had my heart broken before.  
ivory isnt illegal... wait, let me rephrase that. ivory that was used before a certain date is not illegal.. new ivory, however is 
I'm not falling for another safe.
I wonder if the button dispenser was around before clothes came with extra buttons sewed inside

I lined the top of my bathroom cabinet with those old apothecary bottles. I also found some interesting ones: lung tonic, treatment for human flesh, opium, liquid ozone, one from a pharmacy bearing my name. I even went to a glass bottle show once while in the throws of that collection addiction. Turns out there's a whole sect of aficionados and people who dig them up out of old bottle dumps from the early 20th century. IL something new every T.
 Pawn Stars 
ANOTHER FUCKING SAFE! IM GOING TO GO INSANE! What the HELL is in it! 
Keep collecting... people throw everything away now. There is nothing more interesting than antiques in my opinion. Its history in your hands.
TAKE THE GOD DAMN OPIUM.AND FUCK YOU AND YOUR SAFE, JESUS CHRIST
Another fucking safe....
Get a professional to open that safe, it's probably worth much more then what's inside.
Neat, racist, ooh whats that?.Then you get to the last item... a safe... A SAFE!!.D:< THIS IS AN OUTRAGE!!
annnnnddddd heres a locked safe :)
Is that???? A safe?!?!?!?
those ivory critters are so cool! especially the owl
Don't you dare lead us on about that safe! .....What's in the safe?
I want that ivory owl. SO. BAD. 
I am playing Bioshock Inifinite. This crap would fit in that game just peachy.
YOU DICK. NOT AGAIN.
My first thought when I saw the fox with the reaction face. 
"mammy" looks like something from scary stories to tell in the dark
Do you know how old the cigar sign is? 
I wear to god if you dont post pictures of getting that safe in a timely fashion you will be down voted into oblivion
Heavens to Betsy, not another safe!
Scrolled through the whole thing, slowly taking it in. Then finally got a closed safe. Felt like a kick in the nuts.
 will help you figure out the safe issue..On a different note, the ivory stuff made me sad.  :(
The safe will most likely have to be destroyed to be opened in a timely fashioned....However you might have to get a locksmith out or find someone to tell you if it's still openable through the lock. 
I'm sure any modern locksmith could get that safe open in 2-3 hours. But then there will be a drill hole in it.Another option: take it to a metal shop, have them cut through the back (but you'll possibly damage what's inside)
Dude... open the safe :(
I don't know how Aunt Jemima is still around. 
There's generally a sticker with a number on the bottom of it with the combination on it if you want to get into that safe. At least that's what my childhood safe has. They look similar 
Here in Charleston there's a store that sells that Uncle Remus "Dis sho am good" thing on a tin plate along with other really racist stuff.  The thing is that the store is in the busiest tourist place in the city.  
Thanks for not posting this to WTF!
Take all this stuff to Rick from Pawn Stars and he'll give you five bucks for all of it.
There HAD to be a safe
You had me until that last pic..Please go away.
How much for the kicker or the nigger hair tobacco?
not another safe. fuck.
Better call the American Pickers
Please sell me the 'Lord Calvert' plaque. It's my surname and I would love that in my house. PLEASE!!!!
I really love that Bliss container.  I need to find one for my kitchen counter.  It .And, um... Yikes, at the yikesable stuff.
There just . to be a safe.
For the record, owning ivory isn't illegal if that's what you were referring to in the post title, it's only illegal to acquire new ivory from poaching now-a-days. But yeah, ivory kind of scares me.
r/What'sInThisThing 
TNT sticks used to work in the old western , that's whear that safe comes right
A safe... the plot thickens.
OP has only been a redditor for 20 days. Those of you that called names because of the safe have got some splainin to do. 
Holy shit Hav-A-Tampas are still around, I didn't realize they had a history to them because they are like the cheapest blunts at the corner store..I'm from Tampa, is that where you are?  I really like that sign if it's ever for sale haha
My Zulu Lulu swizzle sticks would be right up your alley:

I love old stuff!!! :)
Another safe? Here we go again.
How I expected all the comments to look.Safe? Safe. Safe! SAAAAAAAAAAAFE!
Don't post pictures of a safe...we redditors have been hurt before...
If the opium is pills, it's been cooked. If it's been cooked, they are still good. Doesn't spoil.
well... you see those giant metal hinges on the outside of that thing? go ahead and grind those right off
I have the very same Tampa Cigar sign hanging next to an original Coca-Cola bottle cap sign. The thing is like 3 1/2 feet wide.
Your collection won't be complete until you have a tin for cocaine toothache medicine. 
Some of those buttons might be worth more than the dispenser. 
Just when i felt i could trust again, looking through a neat post with cool stuff. Then the bastard manages to sneak a safe post in there. Why? Why does the universe do this to us?
FUCK! ANOTHER SAFE!
This is why I don't feel bad when old white(ys) . die
WHAT'S IN THE SAFE?
I hope you realize how expensive a lot of those items are worth. Can't wait to see if there's anything substantial in a safe for once.
Of course there is a safe...
This is awesome! I would love to see this stuff in person. You should consider opening a museum/gallery.
I didn't need another fucking safe...
I really want to buy that medicine cabinet from you.
No more safes! We've been hurt before
That safe looks nice and all, but there's no way you're gonna get as lucky as that guy with the GameCube 
Look up Your local TOOOL for help opening the safe.
You should post the safe to ..
I can't take another safe OP. Please for the love of god tell us what is it...
just FYI the opium is almost certainly still good.
Louisville, Woop Woop! 
I love antique paper label medicine bottles! I collect them, too. Would you ever consider selling your opium bottle? Minus opium, of course. 
It was all a trap. The pictures lured our curiosity only to reveal a safe at the end. Darn you and your collectible safe.
Rick from pawn stars would laugh at you and then offer you 100$ for the whole collection.

This is the longest set up for, "I got a safe to open," I've ever seen.
I would love to buy some of your items. 
I would love to try fox head beer.
I would suggest trying to force the hinge pins out and the door . fall right off.
Another safe, another broken promise.
I see a bunch of things I would like to see restored on "American Restoration." Also, would you consider selling the cigarette slot machine?
You have no idea how badly I want one of those jukeboxes.
Sigh, none of it is illegal. Almost all laws for posession of stuff have an antique exception, and if there is as some people are implying, drugs in there, they've probably decayed to the point of non-potency, and at worst you'd have to get rid of them. 
I saw the "Kicker and Catcher" machine in San Fran's arcade museum. Cool collection you got there. 
A lot of this stuff could be worth a lot of money to collectors.. Have you thought about getting any of this appraised?
I been on reddit for so long that when I saw the pic of the safe I said out loud "Fuck my life".
You're like a hoarder of cool things not feces and garbage. 
I would love to take that antique opium bottle off your hands as-is.
Have you ever gotten any of this appraised? This stuff has got to be worth a fortune
Another...damn...SAFE! 
You take that stuff on pawn stars and Rick would still only give you $10 for it...

Fuck the safe. Those Whurlitzers [juke boxes] are probably worth a shit ton. I love those..Edit: A word.
Everything was going so smoothly until that last picture.  How dare you, amity_?.How . you?
cool, cool, cool, safe..FUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK YOUUUUUUUUUUUU OP
Reddit, IGNORE the safe!!!
It will only cause you pain.
A local restaurant where I'm from has an Uncle Remus metal advert poster thingy. "Dis sho am good!" Get's me every time haha
Okay people. All the random stuff is cool and all, but how about the safe?!?
Those games could totally be in the Musee Mecanique in San Francisco
Dude... I need to know where you live. This collection of history is so fascinating!! I would totally pay admission to walk through this treasure trove of racist nostalgia.
Yeah, tell him where you live.  He's totally not going to come kill you when you don't deliver on the contents of that safe, we'll make sure of it!  lol
Unlike everyone else on Reddit, I really couldn't squeeze out two shits for all of these safes and their contents. I would just rather bask in the old-timey smell of these gloriously racist pieces of history. 
Take that safe picture down right now and pretend you never had it.. 
"Please don't have a safe... please don't have a safe... Crap."

I think you should do am AMA! That's quite a collection you have there
That fox looks gay and stoned

You god damn dirty son of a bitch....What an excellent bait.
"Uncle Remus said to Uncle Ben, you're a credit to your rice!" - Red Buttons
You should get rid of all that dust.
I'm glad its not just me.
My family has owned an antique business for many years and most of this stuff is awesome. People go nuts over the black memorabilia, since people tend to get rid of it because of the racism, collectors always try to snatch them up. Ivory pieces are nice, though you're technically not allowed to sell them with proper licenses which are nearly impossible to get (this is in California, not sure about other places). the sterilzer cabinet would probably sell to a doctor, or a guy who is looking to put his drinks in there. The sign is cool. Fox fur is...okay, the first picture does look like they're a bit too damaged, second one though looks good. slot machines are great, even better if they work. Another cool sign and more black memorabilia. Again this game and button dispenser is much better if they work. I'm not too familiar with jukeboxes but there's bound to be someone who would pay a lot to have it, especially if its the right make and model. Seems to be a theme of signs and foxes. Safe as people have mentioned the safe could be worth more than the stuff inside so be careful with how you deal with it. It's got a nice look to it. Side note: you better fucking deliver with the contents even if it's just a picture of emptiness
WE WILL NOT FALL FOR YOUR LIES, OP!  You cannot get our hopes up to hear what is inside the safe! .Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, well ya ain't gunna fool me!  
Another safe!!!
NOT ANOTHER SAFE!? AHHH DAMMITTTT!!!
I'll put you in that fucking safe if you don't come through. 
The beer fox is willing to make a . for your collection.
"'Dis sho' am good"
You mother fucker! I was all for the cool antiques ivory statues and the racism but damn it all, why did you have to post another safe!!!!
You were doing great right down to the fox (which was hilarious) but then you had to go and do the safe thing. Man... I don't even know what to say.
annnnddd another fucking safe to worry about. 
I see a saaaaaaafe!
Those "greasy black pills".... Thats heroin my friend.(<< you, not the heroin)
Initially, opium was marketed and sold containing about 12% morphine and some percentage of codeine. Over time, to be more competative and create more return customers, Bayer started to "refine" their "opium" product, essentially making it into heroin. 
The opium pills started out white, then years of refining their process, bayer had manufactured what essentially was "black-tar heroin".
Dat fox face! DAE le memes?
Heh. I have that same syrup canister in my basement. When I was younger I could never understand what it said. Also, growing up always seeing it never really made me think about how it could offend. I guess just always seeing it made it become accepted.
Ok, we get a chuckle at some of the subtle (and some completely overt) racism, but we flip shits over a safe.... yup, so did I.  Checks out.
Another Safe?
That's some of the coolest things i've ever seen, oh how i miss the old times
no, no safes. I've been hurt too many times.
 can probably help you out with the safe.
60-80 year old items and I see less dust than my place.
You should contact American pickers! 
Another safe. Greaaaat. Just what we needed..
I feel like I was tricked into a . thread..OP will surely deliver....
Dude, that is an INCREDIBLE collection.  
Please be sure to turn yourself in to the thought police at the first opportunity. Thank you.
Really, a safe? You kind aren't welcome here..But seriously, cool stuff man :)
not the safe again, you bastard!
Not another "what's inside the safe" story...But seriously, i want to know what's inside.
What, pray tell, is illegal?

I love the cat ears hidden behind the Kicker and Catcher 
No no no no no. We don't need another safe. My body is not ready for another emotional rollercoaster.
That last picture really rustled my jimmies
Not sure you will see this comment, but I like your Fox Head serving tray. Fox Head was brewed in Waukesha, Wisconsin (the Saratoga of the West). I moved here about 8 years ago and the brewing and spring history is amazing.
Black people these days love wearing fur..hm.
As for picture #12, I actually have one of those things. Same form and everything..Also try having that cigarette slot machine setup somewhere where it will get a lot of use. You'll make a whole lot of money, I guarantee it.
I am outraged that they charged $.10 for a button in 19mumphtymumph.

Man, that fox looks like someone really really bad at painting doing a really really good job at it.
Hell...another safe. 
Very fun PIC show! thanks! good luck with your safe.
"Dis sho am good!".Ha!


Oh God no. Not another safe! Fuck it, what's in it? 
My father-in-law needs that Lord Calvert sign!!! "Praise the Lord and pass the coke." $$$?
How much for the Lord Calvert sign?
I was enjoying the post, up to the pic of the safe... Please not again!!! There could be redemption if OP delivers, I guess. 
Looks like I'm sucked into another safe fiasco. Better comment so I can come back later..Sigh...
You sure this is not the home of that lady they reported missing many years back and was found dead in her own apartment after 42 years?
I'll show you a real ivory beaver

Gambling for cigarettes?.It's like prison without the rape! 
Goddamn it OP. What the fuck!
Oh, look! Another safe! It's about time I get let down again...
Somebody needs to hit up Chumlee and Big Hoss
DO NOT DAMAGE THAT SAFE. .Chances are the safe itself is worth more than what's inside. 
My father was a sales rep for RJR Tobacco (now Reynolds America) for 32 years. He has a vast tobacco collection. That said, that slot machine is fucking. Incredible. If I had lots of moneys, I would buy one for him. Sadly, poor. .Really great stuff overall.
Look forward to . giving you a call to buy all that. Don't let them rip you off!
Yeah, call an expert or google it, leave us out of it until you open it.
My favorite example of this kind of thing is ., formerly known as .. What's especially great about it is the fact that they changed the English name, but the name in Chinese still translates as "black person toothpaste". You can still buy the stuff in China, and I have tubes of it in my house. Racism aside, it does the job.
If you can't find any, you should try anustart pills.  They're suppositories.

It bothers me how shitty most of those ivory carvings are. If you're going to kill animals for their ivory you could at least put a little effort into carving the remains.
A safe at the end??? I feel like I've just been tree fiddy'd.

I'm sure you'll get some tips here!

You sir, are a right bastard.
FUCK YOU AND YOUR SAFE
My parents have 
Dude, I'd love to come and look around your basement.  You have some awesome items!  Ever thought about selling any of it?  Here's a sheet with the stuff we buy.
I thought everything was neat up until ANOTHER FUCKING SAFE.
To everyone swearing after that unopened safe, don't visit r/WhatsInThisThing/ or you'll have a nervous breakdown.
Son of a... How dare you!
Why would any of that be slightly illegal?  What would make it illegal?
 I'm not getting pulled into this safe bullshit again. I'm still recovering from the last few times. Plus there is the OP that opened the safe showed the contents then later admitted he planted the contents.. 
Of course, a safe...
Don't know where you are but I collect really eclectic stuff & that bottom shot of the safe has my name on it. I mean literally, it has my name on it. Sell? Hmm? Maybe?
haha, i laughed at the last one.
Helo OP I am nigerian prince wanting to move mony into the umited stats.  Please send me those pills as collayeral and I will give them back once transfer is complete and 25purcent of my mony.
Of corse you throw in the safe at the end
I swear, posting pictures of unopened safes is like a new way to Rick Roll. 
Why don't you just generate all the possible combinations and try them all systematically? Seems like you're in no rush to open it. It would lake a few hundred tries a day or so but imagine the satisfaction of that "click" and boom it's empty lol.
For tonight's selection, might I suggest  a standard album with a pairing of rock rolled safe.
Sooo...what's in the safe?
You don't have a basement. You have a museum!

i though so too
Read it as "Have a tampon cigar!.Euww...
Yes, Uncle Remus, I know the catfish are huge!!!!
NOT ANOTHER FUCKING SAFE!!!!!!!
I see what you did there. Trying to distract from the hope of an opened safe with other racist, interesting memorabilia. I'm not falling for that OP! 
OP Will Deliver!.
 (for the safe)
You should show that safe to the people over at . They would love to help crack that thing open. 
I'd buy that Putnam dye box from you.  It's the thing the 2nd fox skin is draped on top of.
New Life Pills*.*) Only work for Buddhists
Is a safe at the end of a picture album the new Tree-fiddy?
As someone from the hometown of Wurlitzer organs, you have an incredible find there pal.  Keep that thing restored and up to snuff, those things are one of my favorite forms of Americana art. If you see this comment that is, I came pretty late to the game here.
the fucking safe.
Hav-A-Tampa still very much exists. Nice collection.
Just not in Tampa. Think they're purely in PR now. The Tampa location closed in 2009.

My brother worked for them back in the 80's.
Uncle Remus Brand Syrup. "Dis sho' am good!".Ah, the old days. The funny, extremely offensive old days.
When you think about it, Aunt Jemima is just a . bit better.

I had to Google what that was, and wow yeah that's good too..Oh, you Americans and your racism! Honestly! Our British xenophobia is so much more... subtle.

Some . of racism in advertising & marketing from both sides of the Atlantic over the years.  Although nothing there I recognize specifically as British, it looks like the Americans had nothing on the French when it came to over-the-top concepts ("With Javel S.D.C, you can bleach a negro and it still acts as a soap").
Not fop goddammit, I'm a dapper Dan man! 


The fox on the Fox Head Beer sign deserves to be a meme.

No. No it doesn't. 
Yuss we toatalley needz moar me-mez hurrrrrrr 
It kind of looks like Nic Cage.

But do you have this little .? 
fucking hell
 with background removed.  . of Fox Head Beer.
 
I instantly recognized the Fox Head Brewery logo because it was brewed in my hometown with the supposedly "magical" spring water. We learned all about it in 4th grade. 





Did you use an image editing program? I don't think Word gets that in-depth... either that or I need to step my Word-game up.  
Anyone else think the fox looks like Nicolas Cage



It looks full of wisdom...

That old slot machine is a $200 bill all day long!
Thanks Darrell. 

It's legal to sell ivory, as long as it's somewhat old. Those pieces might be valuable..Source: Watched Antiques Roadshow a couple times.
I think he's referring to the expired opium pills.

Best I can do for the lot is $20.

The market for this stuff just isn't what it used to be, and it's gonna be sitting in my shop for years. Really I shouldn't even be offering you that much.
Everyone just ignore the you know what.

Best friends 5ever.

You're talking about the safe right?
Goddamnit! I thought we decided to not call it that anymore for the kids! Just spell it out, S-A-F-E. It'll go right over there heads



It never fails to astound me just how casual the racism was back then. 

Yeah, they used to have sports teams like the Atlanta Braves or the Kansas City Chiefs or the Washington Redskins or the Cleveland Indians! Like these people were just a token to be used at will, not an actual class of people suffering from an alarmingly high amount of gun-related violence and alcohol-related deaths among their youths, which isn't even to speak of the horrific history of subjugation, genocide, and general "whoa, wait, we did what?"isms that went ignored in contemporary culture!.Casual racism persists, friend.
Really?  You say that on Reddit, were casual racism is standard?

I mean hell the . had some blatantly racist stuff. And wasn't there that Disney movie with Briar Rabbit and Briar Bear and something about a tar baby. I always laugh when people talk about how much better is used to be. Yeah, for who?

FYI - it was "Brer Rabbit" and "Brer Bear".  "Brer" was a slurred way to say brother.
I figured I spelled it wrong. Thanks for the correction.
 was a collection of African and Native American Oral tradition and the dynamic between beer rabbit / brer fox was probably also the inspiration behind the Road Runner cartoons. The presence of the story . does not indicate racial malice in those stories at all.  It's a different story that "tar baby" was later adopted as a slur. . 

The Disney movie, The Song of the South, while it's not acceptable for today's world isn't the spewing racist film it's depicted to be..It portrays slavery in a happy go lucky aspect because it's a childrens movie. Never the less it is unacceptable and I understand why it does not have an official release..I am only remorseful because it is a huge achievement in film. It's the first movie to combine live action with animation. It's a really good movie to boot.

Holy crap! I just found . on youtube. I remember loving this is a kid. I don't remember this being racist, then again I was a kid. After viewing the clip I can see where people might have a problem.
And yet, there's an entire ride based on that movie: Splash Mountain. Disney finds a way to capitalize on all of its productions.
yea even when i was little i kinda noticed that briar rabbit/briar fox were racist caricatures.  I would ask my mom "mom why is the rabbit black"
Because the stories came to white people from black people who adopted many of the stories from native american oral tradition.  That's why they are Animals. My grandmother was creek indian and she used to tell us tons of these stories. 
damn, TIL
I always wondered what it was based on.  TIL!
Also, it astounds me how a lot of people act like this was so long ago.  My parents had to drink from colored water fountains.  I'll be glad when I have kids that it'll be that much more removed and hopefully when their kids have kids there won't be anyone alive who had to go through Jim Crow.
When Barack Obama was born, his parents' relationship (one black, one white) was illegal in much of the US.
Took me too long to get the colored water fountains reference and was thinking of rainbow colored fountains for some reason. Pretty ashamed on that brain fail. .Completely unrelated, I love your user name.

Try living in Tennessee. The casualness is still pretty common. .Source: Living in Memphis.
I live in Dyersburg.  I despise going to Memphis.  Shitty politics, shitty looking, but great food.  Listen to Drake and Zeke (98.1) if you don't already.

Do you go "walking in Memphis!?".Haha .You probably get this a lot, sorry, couldn't resist

You the only white person there or are you lying and actually live in Germantown?

If its not Beale street or around the Peabody, its not great. Goddam pyramid 
Looks like you called it.
Old ivory is NOT illegal.  Neither are OLD pelts..It's only NEW ivory or NEW endangered pelts..Racist stuff:  well, if you don't collect, people will forget that really used to be the attitude.  It's far more dangerous to forget than to have this kind of stuff preserved.
Can confirm, used to deal in pelts/furs/skulls, most of it from people's attics. Depending on the species all that matters is that it's "pre-ban" (or was a heavily documented legally owned captive one) and wasn't smuggled anywhere. You can buy a tiger skin so long as it was made before tigers became a protected species and so long as it wasn't sold across state or international lines- which is how I have one from 100 years ago perfectly legally, but someone trying to sell a new one from Mexico to the USA would be committing a felony..Also, it doesn't really matter price-wise but the fox skins aren't fox, they're stone marten sewn together to make them look like individual larger animals. Old stone marten stoles are very common and worth about $10-$20.
Old Ivory isn't technically illegal but in some parts it is because people will pass new ivory for old ivory..If you want to purchase it guilt free make sure you purchase it from a very legit source.
What if I collect illegal things for my "V for Vendetta"-room and want to be sure my purchase violates some sort of statute or treaty or something?
Kill the elephant yourself so you can know it was done humanely.

I thought that transfer of ownership of old ivory was still illegal.

I think he was talking about the opium which is still highly illegal.

As a Canadian who is also black, I'm most offended by the ignorant image that ivory statue depicts of beavers. THEY DESERVE BETTER!

You forgot to say sorry for yelling
So you are an African Canadian?
Africadian?
Most Blacks in Canada actually know where they're from, so they'll either say Jamaican, Haitian, Scotian etc... The Canadian part is usually a given, unless the accent says differently...


Most countries just use 'black', the US is weird in this regard.

Black is a totally acceptable and non-offensive term in the US to refer to black people. I have never heard of anyone being offended by the term itself. The reason for "African-American" is because of the American habit of forming "something-something-American" terms for people with a particular immigrant, cultural, or ethnic background: Mexican-Americans, Irish-Americans, Spanish-Americans, French-Americans, Chinese-Americans, etc..With most African-Americans, slavery robbed them of a more precise cultural identity than just the dreadfully vague "African", but in the absence of something better it will do. I have heard Ghanaian-American for immigrants from Ghana, for example, so in the particular case of black people who are more recent transplants from Africa, the term "African-American" might be replaced with something more specific..I think (although I have no evidence of this) that the association between "African-American" and a race is what popularized the other "something-American" race terms -- European-American, Asian-American, etc. In the 1970s, people said "Afro-American", not African-American (I'm not sure why this changed) but you never heard "Euro-American" or similar, so I really do think the usage of African-American for black is indeed where these terms come from.

Yea Americans are super weird when it comes to political correctness. It's ok if you just say that I'm 'black'. If you must refer to a nationality, then 'Canadian' will do just a-ok..edit: I should have said 'eh-ok.' I will regret this on my deathbed. 
I would like to say as an American, all the people I talk to on a regular basis; black, white or whatever, NEVER say African American, we always use the term Black if it even needs to be said.  I think the PC shit is only for TV and Politicians. 

It's the same over here in fair Britannia, the only time you refer to someone by their nationality and their race is on the census forms really! Never in conversation. Either 'Black' or 'British' (Or 'English' or 'Scottish' or 'Falklandese' or whatever) will do! None of this overly PC pish-posh!
You're british?.Story checks out.
Exactly. I feel like referring to someone as African-Whatever Nationality just works to create schisms. As if I'm not actually a 'pure' Canadian.
I think that is determined by your willingness to dip or slather things in maple syrup.
oui oui.


Yeah, being white in America, who is not racist, I get so confused as to what people want to be called. 

"One full medicine bottle is "Black Cohosh". There is another full bottle of greasy black pills labeled "Opium". Probably went bad a few decades ago.".Only one way to find out...

Yeah it's really unfair for OP to make that kind of assumption
OP needs to take the pills. Opium is fun
That's an old-school abortion kit, right there. Not kidding.  Might not be the ONLY thing you'd use those two items for, but it's definitely one of them.
I was about to say the same... that'll shake the uterine lining outta ya!!
Source?

that's the most common use of cohosh in folk medicine. it's still used by midwives to improve contractions in stalled labors bc it's not as strong as pitocin. .source: i was administered cohosh during labor and chatted with my midwife about it. 
Can confirm - have also taken black cohosh for labor induction. 

Raspberry leaf tea is another common natural substitute for pitocin.
No, not an abortion kit but you're on the right track.  Black Cohosh was (and still is to an extent) used to treat and alleviate symptoms of menopause.  It is also thought to have anti-inflammatory, sedative, and analgesic properties.  According to wikipedia, physicians would use it to treat a variety of gynecological issues "including endometritis, amenorrhea, dysmenorrhea, menorrhagia, sterility, severe after-birth pains, and for increased breast milk production.". 
According to ., Black Cohosh and Opium were suggested for abortions. Black cohosh ripens the cervix for abortion like it does during birth. And A Systematic Treatise on Abortion indicates opium was used as an antidote to black cohosh. .Historically, it was also used for menstruation and before and during labor in addition to menopause, and it's still used to induce labor along with blue cohosh.
Yeah, I have stage IV endometriosis and took black cohosh for a long time (along with many other herbs). Can't say that they did any good though.


Safe and lock professional here. I had to open a safe just like this before. This safe belonged to a very old African American man who had gotten it from his grandfather. The grandfather had gotten this box from his former master in South Carolina after being freed (the master and the grandfather were good friends since the grandfather was a house servant). The grandfather ended up giving the safe to the grandson right around 1914. This grandson had forgotten the code and before he died, he wanted to reminisce on the box's contents. Anyways, when the safe was presented to me, I was extremely curious to see what would be inside said safe. After a bit of inspecting, I looked up and asked, "I assume you or your grandfather opened this when you were younger, what was inside of it?" to which he responded, "Oh, about tree fiddy."
It was about that time that I realized the man was actually a giant, 8--story tall crustacean from the Paleolithic Era. I gave him a dollar in hopes that this monster would go away..Edit: I would like to thank Elcamo123 who awarded me with gold! Here's a pic that sums up my thoughts right now 
That was a pretty good one, I ain't even mad
Made my day. Have some gold, good sir!
You had me going for a while there.  
As soon as I saw that tree fiddy man . . As soon as I saw that tree fiddy.. 
10/10, but wouldn't read again, since I know how it ends.
At least it was short...
You bastard.

I was so immersed in your story that I can't acknowledge the ending. What was in the safe?!?!
...and then !?

If you give him a dolla he'll just assume you got more!
Dude you just busted me bad.  I cracked up very loudly in a small office. That one sneaked up on me just perfectly. Kudos.
Damn you.
Thankfully I checked your comment first

Oh yeah? This should be higher up. .Dammit. Keep it.
"No honey you can't have the new Mario; you know video games are a bad influence. Now go play the cigarette slot machines in our basement full of creepy racist stuff."

Yea. In grade school I knew more about slot machines and tobacco than Pokemon, and I listened to Johnny Cash instead of Eminem. But I sort of turned out normal!

Nothing is wrong with the Johnny Cash part, he was a bad-ass. 
that is actually pretty badass but i am sad that this didn't turn you into ron swanson.

Well, you're on Reddit, so that's debatable 
At least it's not 4chan

Niggerhair Smoking Tobacco. Racism aside, why would you name anything you burn and inhale after hair? Burnt hair smells horrible. 

Same reason Sonic sells a drink called "Ocean Water", I guess.

Black people have much more "thick" and "full bodied" hair than white people..I don't know if that's what they're trying to convey, but it makes sense to me.
I get the comparison to appearance, but the thought of smoking hair...yuck!

Actually, African hair is thinner which is why it curls so easily.  The follicles are almost sideways which creates the curl and the relative lack of volume of each hair is what makes it so responsive to curling. The straighter the follicle, the straighter the hair.
It's not straight vs sideways follicles, it's the shape of them and the resulting cross-section of the hair. Afro hair has a flatter, oval shaped cross-section, and at the other end of the spectrum you have Asian hair which is very nearly round in cross section. These produce the two ends of the hair spectrum, with afro curls at one end and arrow-straight Asian hair at the other.

Its the "straight vs sideways" that gives the hair their shape.  .  .Sideways flattens the follicle out.
Actually, it's the number and location of disulfide bonds in the keratin. So you're all wrong.
Maybe people were just sold on the scent of niggers burning.
Shit. That is probably closer to the truth than I am comfortable with.
It's ok dude, just breathe, everything. will. be. o. k.
Most rolling tobacco is cut into pieces that literally resemble "hairs", so I imagine that smokers would make that connection first.  Burnt hair is a terrible smell though, I wonder if they didn't think their branding quite all the way through.  Or maybe the racism made it all okay.  I dunno, but yeah - tobacco hairs.

I don't think racism even occurred to whomever came up with that. I imagine it was just like "blond hair" today.

"whitey hair" 
Cracker Fuzz. 
Cracker hair.
"Honkey hair" is the correct term
I prefer Afro-Caucasian hair, thank you very much.

Agreed. Alliteration is always acceptable. 
It looks like you live in a Cracker Barrel.

Nigger Barrel?
What.Why are you so racist? Never use the C* word. Never. 
I don't feel oppressed by it, and since I speak on behalf of all white people, everywhere, you should feel safe in knowing that it's ok.

Its like eating in the kitchen of a delightful southern stereotype.

Ohio farmhouse FTFY
Tennessee Gas Station FTFY

The preferred term is 'Honky Bucket'  .Edit: Thanks for the gold internet stranger! 
Wigger Basket?

Sounds like a place white people go.
Specifically a barrel where white people go. 
If they want delicious chicken and dumplins!

They let blacks work there...in the back. NO GAYS THOUGH! CB fired all openly gay employees in the early 90s. They may have flip flopped since then.
They've definitely changed. I've worked there for 3 years and had a number of gay coworkers, as well as many black server, managerial,  and retail coworkers. It's all very corporate and tight-ship now.

For the amount of slightly racist material they have displayed, I see a surprising amount of colored folk.

Colored folk. Those crazy darkies.  Goin' to Cracker Barrel with the white folks.
Slightly?
Nobody can resist the powers of cheesy hash brown casserole. 
And put a little dab of gravy on them, then youve got gold.
Chicken Dumplings! All day, errey' day!
Yea, my mother loves going there.  But... I've gone once...  As a young black male, I did not feel safe there.  I mean, I know I probably was.... just didn't feel like it...

Just remember that your safest bet, statistically, is in the company of crackers.

Not if he's allergic to gluten.
Baaaaaazzinnggaaaa
Zimbabwe

Be very careful with that safe. The value is in* the safe itself* and not in what's inside. If you damage the safe to open it, only to find it's empty then the value is totally gone. .If you do want to open it, contact a restoration expert! Do not get a safe cracker . who will just drill it to pieces! .*Edit: because my phone sucks monkey balls. 


This. It's probably full of old mortgage papers and some other junk. Contact someone who knows antiques.

Ah, the old iMacs. Good for a laugh even outside of Zoolander context..Edit: I just realized it's been almost 15 years since the first iMac G3 came out. I feel old now.
Thanks. Now I feel old too.
I mean, unless it's filled with cash.

my father had a safe exactly like this one but much better shape. I think he got a couple hundred USD for it about 10 years ago. And he had the combo.
Fixed.

The best way to go about it is to just eaaaase your dick in there and pry it open carefully. 

Instructions clear, dick stuck in safe.

The value could be on what's inside...
Whatever's in that safe, it's the only thing I've ever wanted.
Probably a lot of hard drugs with racially insensitive branding. 


It could even be a boat!

The cat would be pleased.
It could even be a box of stella!
It could even be an old safe!  You know how much we've always wanted to use one for karma!
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH WE'VE WANTED ONE OF THOSE!!! We'll take the box!!!

Uh oh, spudoodio...

Downvotes be damned. That was a great line/scene from Napoleon Dynamite!
thank you
It took me a second, but . Upvoted to 0.
The guys from . would have retrogasms all over your house.

OP needs to give Danielle a call.
I need to give Danielle a call too.
That's some quality ...
The guys from Pawn Stars would offer OP $50 for the lot. 

OP probably has enough "worth it" antiques in their basement to buy a really nice car; the . guys would need at least one change of pants. Have the jukeboxes appraised by someone who knows their shit; if they're still in operating condition (they look like they're well taken care of), they could be worth thousands. Those old Wurlitzers hold their value pretty well.

Reddit is going to have ragegasms if OP doesn't reveal what's in the safe.
It never ceases to amaze me that people can do this..btw, it's freekin' awesome! 
I'm stunned that you're seventeen as well! Congratulations on this beautiful image it's spectacular.
I would consider buying a print for my boyfriend if it was a little cheaper, would you ever print smaller versions?
I would also buy a shirt!!
You or someone should vectorize it
Please put this on a t-shirt.  I will buy it! 
Sweet watermark dude.
I was doodling in class... DOODLING. 
This is awesome! But you should get that thing into Photoshop and open up the borders around it. You could also fix the things drawn closer to the edge. you can tell you where restricted by the edge of the paper clearly near the bottom.
I don't even watch GoT that much, but this is amazing. Very nice! 
this is AMAZING!! i think a three eyed crow would also be cool addition somewhere!
I want this as a tattoo covering my entire back.
Beautiful work.
SUBMIT TO THREADLESS!
2k prize if your shirt is chosen for print, there's no way this wouldn't be..Great job!
Holy shit you are talented! And yes please make this into a t-shirt, or a mug, or a door mat, anything! We will buy it! 
Wow, SO good! I just bought myself a copy on Etsy - great idea to sell it over there and create a link. Thank you!
Badass, thanks for sharing!

Well done, each house is perfect.  That would make a sick tat.
It's really awesome... but i wane see someone color it bit... 
This makes me realize that im a talentless little shit.
WOW!
The watermark goes great with the composition.
Omg can u not
The first drawing was already way beyond my ability...
do you do tattoos?
This is like a Game of Thrones-themed Three Wolf Moon. I love it.
were did the cat go I don't see it in the picture
Incredible work! I'm saving this post so I can buy a print when I get home. My buddy and I love GoT and I'm going to be out of town for his birthday this year. I think a framed print of this should make up for it!
That's an amazing piece, man I wish I could draw like that.
What about the Bear of House Mormont? 
hey man, not bagging on you, you have talent. but there are a few things I would criticize... the lion head and the dragon head look a little... off. also the lions paw on the left, looks a little jacked. the dragon head looks a little too much like a goat head. other than that everything looks pretty sweet and that amazing for a doodle.  .*OK, i am a foolish douche! I was only looking at the original doodle! HAHA! I feel like a complete jackass. I thought I must be missing something, Im sorry OP. I am a moron. the final pic is pretty amazing. I feel like an idiot. You made the dragons look very much like what they look like in the show, very impressive. I apologize for not clicking on the whole album before running my fat stupid mouth. 
Awesome..Watching the progression make seeing the final product that much better.
OMG please next time you make something use a damned frame of reference. yes it's fun to be artsy and fill the whole damn piece of paper but if you expect people to pay for your work it has to have enough of an edge for a matte to be fitted and be framed. art school is full of kids (at least in fine arts, us graphic designers should know how an image will be used) who use the whole sheet with out a frame of reference or use amorphous shapes of paper and expect to get paid for their work one day. people will be disappointed when whats framed and hanging isn't what they saw when things float off the page's edge. you put hard work into this and those edges will be missing. this could be a nice vignette design but now it's full of tangents.
It is really hard to tell what's going on in the center. Everything blends together. It would look better colored in. 
Hi, the piece is awesomlely done! But I wanted to advice you to try add more er...interaction between your characters. (The bird's grip on the tail is too loose, same goes for the fabric, and the dragon is not really biting the squid, the latter actually looks as if it is made of marble because of that).
And first of all: the center of the composition is present on the sketch, but it disappeared on the final picture. You should try to add more contrast to the most important parts (or less to the not so important ones) in future..Hope I didn't offend you, keep up the good work, it is still outstanding!
Holy... I was viewing this under the impression that it was pencil (even thought you must be left-handed, to avoid smudging) but then to see on that etsy page that it's PEN, and relook and realize that yes, those are pens for scale, I just... I am blown away. This is beautiful. I am immensely jealous right now.
Thank you for painstakingly illustrating that a trout is the worst sigil. .Seriously though this is awesome.
Amazing art! The descriptions you put into each image really helped as well.Spoiler tags should have been included though :(
Not everyone who would be drawn to this will have finished Book 3..
Man, I really hate you right now. This is amazing. .How do you make it seem so real with pen?
(Would you mind sharing some tips?)
This is amazing, i'm very jealous of your talent. 
Holy shit! Just wow. I've seen a lot of great drawings and this is by far one of the best! I would defiantly buy this... Alas... I am broke...
Man, I would love this as a tattoo. It's incredible. 
Incredibly impressive. I don't many people notice that this is done with pen. Insanely difficult, can't make any mistakes.
Where's house prostitute?
Ah.....all you people who can draw like that can just bite me.
VERY Cool! 
You're 17? Jesus H. Christ...
Other then the Lion I like the original sketch better.  The new one is incredibly well drawn but it's hard to follow what is going on, like in the original.  Maybe color might help the new one.
Either way. Great talent and great work (on both)
Before I browse the gallery I have a general question, are there any spoilers of the end of book 5 . included in the image captions?

if I ever get a tattoo, I want you to draw it for me. 
You are very good at drawing things
Yeah I would have totally drawn this but the fish kept me from doing it.
The image heavy reminded me of the warning's people use to post on thread titles "56K BEWARE", "WARNING DIAL UP USERS"
As soon as I saw the wolf, I needed this drawing. 
This is super awesome!
A colorized version would be a great way to monetize this.
You are an exceptional artist. Well done!
This would make an awesome tattoo.
I wish I could give so many more upvotes for this. This drawing is fantastic dude.
Looks awesome! However, one tiny bit of criticism... Trying to differentiate between the lion and the wolf was a bit difficult. Perhaps a little darker shading on the wolf as it "comes around" the lion's body, to show it's not just there, but sort of stalking and seized what it could. .But still phenomenal! 

I'm glad you included the process pics. There were a lot of details I missed just looking at the finished piece that I noticed because of them. Amazing work! 
I would love to have this tattoo'd!   Could this type of thing be turned into a tattoo?  This is such an intricate drawing.
Drawings like this one just make me feel bad about myself.
Amazing work, though. Absolutely incredible.
Yeah, even more so when you love doing it for a lobg time but still don't have the talent for it.
This is super awesome, thanks for posting the progress!.Of course all Redditors' favorite moment was the "and then... CAT!"
Just missing a flayed man
Also the bridge of the Freys.
The GoT Circlejerk in one picture!
amazing
Really well done. Inspiring!
I want this as a tattoo so badly
I really wish I could get back into sketching =(
Did you use any references?
epic drawing, well done.
This is fantastic.  You have an amazing talent.  Best of luck to you.
I'd pay the iron price for that!
Hate to say it, its a fantastic piece but the hugging of the edge ruins it for me. The sketch had better composition because it wasn't constrained in such a way. It's very heavy in the bottom left and brings attention to the edges of the paper. You could of benefited by a larger sheet of paper or scaling down the image so it properly fit within. Your technical skill is incredible though.

Agreed, the prints have a 2 inch white margin so it looks very crisp.
It amazes me that people can draw so fucking well! And I can't believe you let your cat lay on top of the picture, imagine your frustration if it would take a piss right on top of your hard work! cats can't be trusted
As someone who has had artwork partially eaten by my mothers pet rabbit, I  just about had a heart attack when i saw the cat sitting on the paper.  

Sick watermark
Has it ever happened to you that you draw for days and when you add the final element you mess up the entire drawing?
Very impressive. Can I ask why the kraken is holding/attacking the trout? Does it represent (SPOILER ACOK) Theon betraying Cat in the war of the five kings? I always saw that as more a betrayal of house Stark. Aside from that, I can't think of any other significant interactions between house Greyjoy and house Tully.
The cat was a more useful reference point in estimating the size of the project. 
Cool watermark
Who doesn't care about House Arryn!? I mean Sweet Robyn is such a brave strong boy...
Nice Himalayan kitty you hot there!
Wow. That first image is what you consider a doodle in class? I would love to see the margins in your notebooks!!
If I could up vote you twice I would vote one for the cat. 
You are . talented.
I usually don't say that about people who draw on Reddit, but you're an artist.
And this is why I could never major in art. I'd have to compete with ridiculous talent like this 
OP, your work has encouraged me to come out of my shell-of-lurking and post my first ever comment on reddit. Your work absolutely stunned me, not just the artwork but the meticulous attention to every little detail. .It's amazing and you should be DAMNED proud of yourself. I would love to own one of those prints, lack the funds for it , sadly, nevertheless I hope they sell really well! .Would like to own one of those T-shirts as well, going to look into that for sure. 
Fuck a shirt, I want this tattooed on me.  Amazing work!
Wow, excellent!
Should do a colored version!
one of the best works of art ive ever seen
I would love a large print of this to hang on my wall. It's stunning!
Some celestial event. No - no words. No words to describe it. Poetry! They should've sent a poet. So beautiful. So beautiful...
Extremely impressive.  Anyone can draw but you put a lot of thought to the dynamics between each house in Westeros. Great job! .PS, appropriate name for the cat!
you noted it in the album, but it's REALLY hard to tell what's going on with the lion/stag/wolf. the heads are fantastic, I love the dynamic and it's some great artwork, but the confusion ruins this piece for me..The lion's arms look to be in an unnatural position, I can't tell what that arrow has hit, and it really does look as though the wolf is devouring the stag..If these issues were fixed, I could see this being very popular, indeed..Cheers!
You probably won't see this, but why didn't you include the Firey Heart for Stannis or a crow for the Night's Watch? Super amazing and impressive, by the way!
Phenomenal. Beautiful work. 
Stunning work!!! I'd love to tackle coloring it.
I love it, but I would love it even more if it were oriented like Westeros.   Wolf and crow on top, krakken and lion on left, stag in center, rose and sun below, dragons on right, etc.   Maybe size the minor sigils relative to importance..Ooh..  Forget the dragons, stick it all on a shield, with undead fingers creeping over the top of it, and dragon talons creeping from the right..Just a thought, but this is awesome.
What's a guy gotta do to buy that as a poster or something along those lines?
Man, I'd love to have that tattoed on my back...
My favorite thing is that the fish looks like an angry old man.
Awesome talent!
upvoted and saved. this is amazing!!!! well done for the talent and for gracing us all with your marvelous gift.
Not enough incest.
Amazing work. Absolutely, jaw-dropping. 
 You did this in .? Welp... time to throw out my charcoals and give up. .This is fucking incredible, OP. I'm 22 and I'll never be as good as you are at 17.
I am immensely jealous of your talent. My drawings are so childish. I am greatly embarrassed anytime someone sees my handwriting. 
Incredible. Well done!
absolutely amazing....what a talent! i manage to make stick men look round :-(
I came for the Game of Thrones, I stayed for the cat. 
I would definitely spend money if this was on a tee shirt.
This is absolutely incredible. I love the smaller details like the scar too. Awesome job.
That is just incredible, you are very talented my friend. Keep up the good work!
That would be amazing as a tattoo.
Some days I think I can draw, then I see things like this.
Absolutely amazing. 
I'm not usually impressed with drawings... but I am in SERIOUS awe of this! Sending it to my boyfriend to buy for me. I love it!  You are truly talented!
How did you get the cat to look so real! it just pops right out at you!
This is fantastic. I want a shirt.
Absolutely stunning!
I'd LOVE to have this tattooed on me!
This is absolutely amazing. You're very talented and I envy that!
I love that you included how long it took you to make this. It really helps to show the care that went into the creation. As well as letting us less talented artists see that this isn't something "better artists" do overnight.
I love how even the sketch is amazing quality work. You'll be going places with this kind of talent.
aaaaah i want a big print so bad why does it have to be so much
K, it's beautiful. So have you always just 'had it,' or are you professionally or academically trained? If so done has basic skills and good hand-eye coord, what advice would you offer to improve? Thanks...

Wow.
That's absolutely amazing! Super talented!!
Wow this is awesome. Out of all the houses I like targaryen the best. Would you be interested in drawing the dragons of house targaryen?
I was totally about to like, HEY THAT'S A COPY OF THAT OTHER ONE! Before I realized that was an idea sketch. I got your back if anyone actually tries that. 
Beautiful! Thanks for sharing your talent with the world, amazing the quality that you produced.
Wow. You should consider selling that as a poster. Not the original obviously, copies. Amazing work!
So awesome to see it finished! How do I get a copy?!?! Edit: never mind! Saw the link. I will be picking one up when I get paid!
I find this to be amazingly beautiful. I think it definitely depicts GoT. I agree with some of the comments on here. As I don't have the $50 dollars to shell out for this incredible print I would definitely purchase a $15-$20 shirt with this design on it. You have a talent my friend, a damn good one.
I am pretty sure GGRMartin would love this. 
ITS A CAT, here have an upvote
Step 1: Draw some circles
Step 2: Draw the rest of the fucking owl.
Best thing I've seen today
How many requests have you received from people asking if they can put this on their body?
How many hours a day were you putting in on average?.Can you share with us what type(s) of pens you were using?.I saw some sharpies, were you switching to sharpies for large swaths of darks?.Also, what type of paper?.Its really rather good, and for a 17 year old, you have a super promising future.  Cheers.
FanTASStic
As envious as I am of the obviously hard earned skill on display here, I'm still going to stay sat on my balcony in the sun drinking this cheap bottle of wine, hoping that the rush of inspiration to get my pencils out fades away before I'm at the last drop. I also hope that you carry on creating for the rest of your life, and then when you're in your forties you will create something that sits critically alongside Guernica, and If I'm still alive I might be able to sit and stare at it in a hallowed hall of a capital city art gallery, feeling connected to, part, and in awe of humanity. 
Aaaaand cat, aaannnd again. Yup cats are a distraction and this is the proof. By the way really nice drawing.
I would pay money for something like this. The sketch at the top is better than anything I can do. This is so awesome, Cactusy.
I want this on my arm. Now.
How to dram a Lion:.1: Draw some lines:  .
2 : Draw the fucking lion: 
This is incredible. I love how you've taken a photo in each small stage of the drawing, really shows how much thought and creative process went into this..And damn, I would kill for drawing ability like yours!

:l And I thought I was cool for drawing a dick today. 
Beautiful! 
Sweet job! Very, very talented. I wouldn't have left the superior vena cava in the heart open though, it makes it look more like a medical diagram than a living, functioning organ. I also wish a Dothraki horse had made the cut, but it's already pretty cluttered, so that would be difficult, and it's not a "house."
You sir have a talent.
thank you for posting the process! i love watching others draw and every layer of detail that went into this left me incredulous. i too think the falcon is incredibly well done, that face!.also, birmans are the tops, mine was my best friend for 15 years. you're a lucky girl to be in possession of such a talent and feline :)  
Little did we know how much the cat would be a prophecy to the rest of the story...
I love this, and I love your prints! On the back of the prints, how about placing the map of the lands (much like the intro to the show)..Also, you could probably draw each house separately in even more detail, and also do a detailed map of their individual houses and lands on the back, too..Keep up the great work, this is amazing!
This better not sell out before I can before one!!!
You live in my state. I'm going to come steal your magic fingers.
Damm, you rock so hard!
Truly amazing
If you have RES, I highly recommend clicking the right arrow quickly; it looks like an animation.
How did you draw that 3D cat on top of it?
The Arryn falcon just chilling is perfect...
Incredible!  I hope you get more than a few nibbles on the digital prints!
I stared at that first picture with the cat for like 40 seconds, trying to figure out which house sigil was a cat....This is amazing. 
Like most people here. Take my $20 and give me a shirt please. Very talented and now is a good time take advantage of the GOT hype, won't last for long or until he finishes the books

house Arryn are my favourite.
This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.....
Beautifully done!  I'd buy this on a shirt in a heartbeat.  Hell, for that matter, I'd buy a poster too.  
Normally I don't enjoy picture heavy posts. This was wonderful though. I will look at it again.
At first I only looked at the sketch, and was like "good idea and decent drawing, but not amazingly well implemented."  Then I realized the sketch wasn't the main drawing.  Absolutely floored me!  You should put the final piece as the first image for lazy people who don't always scroll like me!
Awesome. Love it!
Absolutely amazing talent! What I wouldn't give to be able to create something like this. 
Very well done friend, do you work in color as well? For me moving to color is the most difficult transition.
Was not expecting cat.
WOOW the cat looks sooo real O.o  ..All jokes aside,you did a wonderful job !  
Wow pretty immense! The only thing missing is a crow maybe for the wall and John snow? Not sure whether that would fit in with the overall theme of great houses though. Amazing!
Very impressive artwork. No clue about G.O.T, but hot damn those are some fine ass lines!
Wow, that is sooo awesome! Well done :)
You have phenomenal levels of skill. Your drawings look as though they're alive.
I love how it starts off: "I was doodling in class one day...".I would give my left leg for the ability to "doodle" that well!
Looks great! Would definitely be interested in a print or shirt. 
This is absolutely AMAZING! I want one! 
Awesome!
Sometimes I think I'm a good artist, then a 17 year old shows me up and makes me look bad. feelsbadman.jpg
Since there are already hundreds of comments this may go unnoticed, but I just wanted to tell you how amazing that is. You are clearly talented, and I like your work. Keep on drawing, and why not try to improve your skills even further, if that is even possible :) I'm glad you have found something you're good at. 
This is absolutely beautiful, it should be a tattoo...
OP, what kind of a cat is Bindi? She looks exactly like my old cat that passed away a few years ago and we never knew what breed he was. Thank you u/Cactusy
Great art by the way, haha. Don't want to leave that out in my pursuit of a cat breed. 

Would love to see the heart in the center on fire to represent Stannis 
I...I'm speechless. This is so beautiful and full of meaning! Congratulations!
I wish i could draw like that.....
"The Dragon has three heads." 
I wish I could draw like you :(
I don't even watch Game of Thrones but I was enthralled by this. 
Very excellent work, OP. .Keep it up
That's extremely impressive. Huge Game of Thrones fan, well done. 
that's pretty amazing for being 17. 
what makes this concept really awesome is how the snake wraps around them all like a wreath.  well done OP.
Would you mind if I took a gander at colouring it in? I won't remove the watermark and stuff.
How many hours a day did you put into each stage? Just out of curiosity because you're so incredibly talented that I'd love to see how much you can dish out in one sitting!
that's really coooool such a good job !
Wow. Just wow. I'm blown away by this.
Good stuff. Its funny when your supervisor stops by to check on your work though. 
Hey, marry me. Thanks.
Sell me a print...right meow
Someone get this guy a job doing D&D books STAT
holyfuck thats amazing
Large parchment paper and I'd buy a hand drawing. $250 sound good?.PM me a response please!
Excellent. Fucking excellent. I like your theories and wish to subscribe to your newsletter.

Holy shit. I wanna get this as a tattoo. Genuinely...
Great work, I would love to buy a 24x36, just have a personal rule about buying art for over $100+ (It's got to be larger, just for clarification, like a canvas or something)
Don't lie. This was clearly done by Jeya and she's just letting you take credit because you called dibs..(Seriously, though; great work!)
That's incredible! also loved the random cat pic haha. 
Take my money! In all seriousness I'd pay good money for a print of this.
Awesome drawing! what kind of pens did you use?
This should be the cover of complete GoT collection. Once we get it, eventually. If we get it...
Absolutely mindblowing. Great work!
The attention to plot detail and metaphor is amazing. Props.
Really fantastic. Nice work.. I may buy a copy in the future. Thanks for sharing
"...even though I don't think anyone else cares about House Arryn.".Not yet. 
Thw big one is a lot prettier than the original but it's also harder to tell what's happening
How the hell do you not smudge these pencils?.Also, LOVE the wolf and dragon tearing open the stag/lion combo.
What? Nothing for Tarth or Bear Island? 
That's a snowshoe cat. Very nice, often becomes overweight. Perfect for engineers.
This is probably the most amazing drawing I have ever seen. If I could afford it I would give you a lifetimes worth of reddit gold and a bajillion up votes.
Hurry up and make some prints.  The cast of Game of Thrones will be at Comic Con this week.  It would be nice to get some autographs from members of each house. 

Is there a way to buy these with your name in a corner rather than sprawled across the middle? Fantastic work though! 

This is amazing, you are very talented. Thank you for posting step by step
Nice work. That could make a pretty cool jigsaw puzzle too.
No love for Dorne????!
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE HOW IT LOOKS IN COLOR. 
Any plans on adding some color to it?
If not, it's still very cool. I would love this black and white one on a tee shirt as well, someone mentioned putting it up for sale on TeeFury. Please do this. I will buy it. There's no doubt about this. 
Love it! I do wish you had some House Tyrell thorny branches eating into some of the other houses...they're not just a "bed of roses" after all. :)
Very nice - are you going to color it sometime?
The details of this are fucking incredible! I love how the Lannister's lion has Tyrion's scar across its nose, and it's missing one paw for Jaime! :D
Wow.Very detailed..Would you like to draw me nude?.Ha! Just kidding......No, seriously -_-
"doodling".
C'mon man, you forgot the onion...
It's gorgeous, but the lion's expression is way too serene and majestic. It should have been snarling.
Left handed?

I like the first one with the stag crown. Its kinda like saying that officially the crown is held in the Baratheon name, but really the lion wears it.
Ah I wish I could afford to buy a print :[ so expensive 
Massive talent on a massive drawing.  Thank you for sharing the process!
29
Did you use a photo as a model for the lion ?.I drew one a year ago, and it looks a lot like yours (despite yours being 1000x times better!).Here is an album with the picture I found on the internet and my old drawing (sorry my scanner is quite bad)
Maybe I don't know anything about high quality prints but damn these are expensive. Why would anyone even wants a 11"x14" of something with so much detail? and for $50? I thought it would be $50 for a much larger print..Anyhow, that's just me. I hope you make a ton of money, this is a beautiful creation and having been a fan of the series for over a decade, I feel this really captures the cycle of violence. Thanks for sharing! 
What type of cat is that?! My sister adopted her cat a few years ago from the humane society, and looks (different colors) the same. Could never for sure figure it out, but our best guess was ..
Also, your drawing is incredible!

no flayed man :(
great job, how long did you work on it? if i had to critique it tho, i'd say that i like the motion of the hawk from the first sketch than on the finished piece
Bonus points for the adorable cat.
You must be left handed
I always pictured the Lannister lion as a mountain lion rather than an African lion, given the geography and fauna of Westeros.
I would love to see famous GOT moments in the style of a Political Cartoons if anyone wants to tackle that.
What the tittyfuck does "buttfuck cowboys" mean?
All I saw was a dragon and a wolf ripping an anus open
Awesome work.  I especially like your ability to bring cat drawing to actual life!
Is that a ragamuffin?
your skill is truly amazing and very inspiring.
Definitly cool but to be honest, I kinda like the doodle better. Its a lot easier to make out what I'm seeing. Regardless I'd frame and hang both
Where is the golden rose?
Love the wolf fangs sinking into the flesh !
Can someone take all these images and straighten them / adjust for perspective, and then turn it into a gif so we can see the drawing gradually evolve?
Saw the first image and was like damn can't wait to see how he drew that. Then I realized it was just the sketch.... Time to go cry in my corner.
Very impressive, especially when you realize this was done with what looks like a common Bic pen...and you're such a young person! Truly amazing!.Only one bit of critique and it's that the top dragon head (Visearen?) next to the lion head looks almost unfinished. I get that it's supposed to be lighter in color but there's very minimal contrast between that and the lion. Maybe just darkening up the head slightly will give it more contrast and pop off the canvas more..But still, great stuff!!!!
Damn, this is amazing work.
Incredible, thanks for sharing 
If I could get that for $30....
I am impressed by the sketch alone...
haha the lion totally looks like a lannister!!
This post and my wages arrived perfectly in sync...Purchase made. Killer skills man
34 days? Shouldn't the title say. "Look what my 6 year old whatever drew in 3 or 4 hours." Those are the titles that I'm used to. Good work Cactusy! 
If you made a print that was 20$ I would buy that right now. But 50$ is too much for a poor college student:[[[[[[
By any chance...are you SELLING your art work? I would REALLY love that drawing..
OP is either left-handed or likes to live dangerously.
I wish, I really do, that I could afford to buy one of your big prints.
This would make an awesome tattoo!

Jesus that's awesome. I'm in awe of your skill.
17?! were you born holding a pen? 
fabulous! amazing! 
I'd love to see all the photos put together as a gif.
Pen is a wonderful drawing utensil because you can get very dark strokes which contrast beautifully against white paper. Just be slow, sketch in pencil first, and make confident strokes. Hope that helps!


Link to prints. You're going to be rich in 3,2,...
Out of curiosity, why is this in . when . exists?
I don't have $50 right now. But I'm actually going to set up a jar for spare dollars/change until I have enough to buy this. Wow. 
The dragon heads are definitely weird and off looking. 

I see things like this and just think: ."HOW, JUST; . THE FUCK HAVE YOU DONE THAT YOU MAGNIFICENT PERSON?!" .I've spent years drawing and this makes my art look like shit. :'(
You are a phenomenal fucking artist!

This post has it all: Game of Thrones, OC, and cats. 
How many people bought prints? 
Can I get your blessing to tattoo this on my back?
This is absolutely beautiful, I think it would make a bitchin' tattoo. Would you be offended if I put this (or something based off of it) on my body? 
17 years old? You're a fucking legend.


The cat sold me on upvoting 
It looks so soft.
Tattoos, I want them.
Day 23: DARGONS.Couldn't.You are really talented!
Same here!  I didn't see a single damn dargon in that drawing, though.
I'm late to the party, but I have a question about how you pulled this off.  All through my life, I've always assumed that great artists drew from memory... like you say "draw an elephant", and they can just do it.  If I tried to do it, I would totally get it wrong because I can't remember how the ears attach to the head, and so on..Please tell me that you looked up source material for each of these animals, and didn't just draw them from memory.  I assume that you googled pictures of wolves and lions until you found images with the animals in the rough positions that you needed.

I used photo references. That's the main difference between the sketch and the final product- I didn't use pictures for the sketch, but I did for the final version. I'm alright at drawing without a reference but I can't get near the same detail. Hope that helps!
I've always wondered the same thing, and although imaginative drawing/painting is a developed skill, the great artists of the past (and present) still used models and maquettes to help with their works. If you read James Gurney's "Imaginative Realism" book he discusses how he (and artists of the past) paints things that don't exist, and a lot of the time he creates little models out of clay, photo references, and other things.
I think the three-eyed crow would be an interesting add on.
DARGONS
can sombody explain to me which animals represent which houses? .Do i have it right?.I know these:.Lion: Lannister.Wolf: Starks.Dragon: Targaryen .Deer: Baratheon??.Squid: Grayjoy??
Yep, right so far. Then the trout is Tully, the falcon is Arryn, the sun with a spear through it is Martell, and the flowers are Tyrell. 


I really like the casually perched "I'm just watching" Falcon of House Arryn. Very appropriate. .Amazing work.  
I remember this from cringe or cringepics. Someone on facebook had claimed that this was his work and he was called out for it and it got real awkward.
That guy was just unvelieable. "She follows me on a forum and asked if she could pretend that my art was her art".

Day 28: House reddit
Can our sigil be a rescue cat riding on a rescue dog?
Game of Thrones, cats, and OC; you are a karma machine, sir.
It's m'lady.

...but there's no neckbeard?

Now that's an image we can rally behind.
Dude I want to remake this! is that okay?

you really don't have to ask permission if you are just drawing it privately for fun and not claiming it to be your own.

the fuck are you doing in class? do this.
That looks like it would make a bad-ass tattoo. Great work!
This would be one of those tattoos where people try to put too much stuff in a small area.
as a back piece it would look fucking awesome
It doesnt follow the form of the body though. A tattoo without flow looks like a stamp.
you probably wouldn't keep the image EXACTLY the same though. It's just a concept that you could take to a tattoo artist that would make it flow. 
I think a good artist could start with this and turn out a wicked sleeve.
Yes! And Im absolutely thinking about doing just that!
Would OP be ok with that?
Can I tatto this amazing drawing?
Amazing artwork.  Though I can't believe you let your cat hang out on top of the drawing.
Haha, my mom said the same thing. 
I had a sting of panic at that D:
$50 for an 11x14? I understand you worked hard, but prints shouldn't be that pricey.  .And the $10 shipping is just icing on the cake..Downvote me to oblivion, please.

Yeah it's damn pricey, especially for a larger print.  You'd think it would be much smarter to do them for $10 a pop.  You'll easily sell 10x as many.
Agreed. I'd pay $25 for an 11x14. 

Yeap
Lion: Lannister.Wolf: Stark.Dragon: Targaryen.Stag: Baratheon.Kraken: Greyjoy.Rose: Tyrell.The Sun with a spear through it: Martell.Falcon: Arryn.Fish: Tully
I wish there were a crow on it too. 
Wish it had an onion :/
Surprised I didn't see the Bolton House's flayed man.

The lion is being flayed.

Ouroboros: 


Knew this would be here. Thank you for not disappointing.
Let's not forget 
I'm going to art school next year!

Let me just say, make sure you stay true to who you are as an artist! Art school has a way of making you feel you need to change your way of producing art to be like the masses. Learn the common techniques and what not, but remember what makes you happy. I think I personally lost sight of this in art school, and my work suffered for it.
In four years, she'll be doing performance art, burning her old illustrations and ..
I really appreciate the tips! I'm pretty good at taking criticism, but I hope it won't make me doubt my style. I'm going to school for Computer Animation so I'm excited to learn something new. :)

Woop woop! I went to art school and computer animation school! <:D What school??
whatever you do, do NOT go to an Art Institute, they are a huge ripoff machine, way over priced, and the education is very very basic, don't make the same mistake I made.
Computer animator here (well, CG person, not so much an animator..). Good luck, and try not to get too far into debt.
Ringling :>
Nice! they're awesome! (buuuuuuut not as awesome as Sheridan! ;D) Seriously though, best of luck. I found that that type of art school (for animation/film/games/etc) was waaaaay more up my alley vs conceptual visual art school at the university level. don't forget to share your final year/thesis film :D 
Awesome! Tough field, but you got skillzz (with 2 Zs)! I'm a graphic designer myself. I originally got in to art because I love drawing, but by the end of art school I actually kind of hated it. You just have too much talent to feel the same way I did.
Graphic designer for eight years. I never draw for myself anymore. :(
Graphic Designer for seven and I'm the exact same way.  No way in hell do I feel like drawing after doing graphic design for the past 8-10 hours.

I saw the first drawing and thought "Neato, so now he's going to show us how he drew that step by step!" Very soon after that, I realized the drawings were different. That's some damn good work, I would have been ecstatic with just the first one. 

More like 
It's just that simple. Everybody can draw!

It really is. Step 1. Draw the basic shapes. Step 2. Shade in the shapes. Step 3. Repeat 
*she
I would trust a guy named happy_fap when it comes to the gender of redditors.
*girl

As a girl who is always referred to as "he" on reddit, I am most apologetic for doing the same to other girls. 
Using he as a gender-neutral pronoun, when gender is unknown, is correct.
I mean, don't feel bad.  I do it too.  :\  It's a hard habit to break!
I don't watch Game Of Thrones, I don't know what any of this is, but there's one thing I know..This is fucking cool.

Its easy just go to the video store and rent the first season. It is the best that TV has came up with since MASH.
In addition to what Gorignak said, the placement and actions of the animals in the drawing are also indicative of the houses' relationships in the book. For example, the roses of House Tyrell "narrowly separating" the Lannister Lion and Stark Direwolf is a metaphor for the "real" inter-family politics in the book.
Read the books. Just do it. Not only will you be caught up to the show in like 2 weeks but you'll know a ton of stuff (lore and background)  that the show watchers don't get.

To give this image context, the series is set in sort of medieval Britain (maybe). Anyway, each of the houses has a sigil that they use on their banners and house-themed items. These are almost all animals (which is why there is a lion, wolf, squid etc) and these are very important to the members of the houses..For example, there are lots of references by the lion house to them being powerful and strong and fierce, like lions. .Hope that helped.

I love that ASOIAF encompasses various world countries. Yes, the Red Wedding was inspired by the Black Dinner in Scotland. Braavos represents medieval Italian city-states with its many canals romance culture, and reliance on banking. Dothraki society seems to parallel Mongols and Huns when looking at their relationship with horses and their fighting style. The Iron Islanders are clearly vikings. Hopefully the 6th book will give us a look into Ashai or maybe a glimpse of Southoryos. 
Very impressive. .Now I'm going to go waste the rest of my work day finishing Storm of Swords. .Edit: You should submit this to .. $50.00 is a lot for me but I'd for damn sure buy a $15.00 shirt with it on it. 

I second the tshirt idea.  Please get it silk screened
Yes, this would be awesome on a teeshirt!!  
Hey weird. We're doing the same thing at work. :D
wow what a good idea for bumping up sales. make it a contest.
I want to work at a place where I can read Storm of Swords.
Well, more like listening.. while at work I have to listen to the audio books on my phone with an ear bud. Roy Dotrice is the man though. Except when he reads the sex scenes.. that's kind of awkward. 
Definitely TeeFury. OP, sharing a small amount of money for a tee print may not seem like much, but we become walking advertisements for your work. I can't tell you how many times I've been stopped and asked about a TeeFury shirt I'm wearing and I enthusiastically share the artist's info. .Please consider this option.
Good Lord!!!  I would buy a shirt now, now, now!!!.However, you might find using BOTH TeeFury AND RedBubble, for the exposure and then the longevity afterwards.  I can say there have been many TeeFury shirts that I have missed that I wished were on sale elsewhere -or- ones that I saw in the past gallery of TeeFury that I bought elsewhere (usually RedBubble).  Plus, I personally like American Apparel shirts better than the TeeFury ones to some degree.  Plus, plus... more color options at RedBubble.  At any rate....TL;DR
PLEASE TAKE MY MONEY FOR A T-SHIRT!!!
I can vouch for redbubble, I have bought many a shirt off there
Good idea!
I would definitely buy this T-shirt.
Lots of people are alreay saying it, but seriously. I want a full-size poster of this so badly, but that's only $60 less than my monthly rent. (yes, cheap rent, but it's all I can afford). I can definitely get some money together to get a $15 or even $25 shirt of this incredible art and help support you as best I can!.Please update us if you put it on a shirt!
Yes. Please consider, thats a bad ass drawing. I would buy one.
I also would buy this t-shirt. make another reddit post when it goes up so we don't miss it!
Listen to these people. Right now, $50 is out of my price range, but $15 for a T-Shirt is exactly how much I can afford to spend, and still pay rent..You are an incredible artist, and I want to throw money at you. In fact, I . throw money at you as soon as I have money to throw. Whenever that happens.
If you go with this t-shirt idea, please make a babydoll tee that's flattering for us busty ladies. 
please please be careful submitting it to any shirt design company.
i've seen many of them rip of artists hard work.
Also consider Woot.shirts. :).Amazing work, by the way.
you should Send it to . instead!
I bought the Manderly's Meat Pies shirt a while back and would happily buy a white or ash tee with this image on it!
Let us know when it's available and I'll buy a shirt.
check out Threadlesss too for shirts 
Scotland calling in, I'd buy that on a T-shirt. Stunning work.
An other Scot here will buy a T-shirt and a full print. Im going to frame it and hang it in my living room.
I have never heard of this TeeFury, but I would also buy that if it was on a t-shirt, hopefully you see some of the $$$ from it, not sure how that works.
I would buy at least 2 of these shirts.
"Holy Fuck!".
  That's going to be you for the rest of the day.
I just finished it last night, and I was "Holy Fuck!" a few times after the Red Wedding.  Then I finished the prologue of Feast For Crows.  Can't wait til work is over.  I might add that sadly, I only read books after their movie/tv adaptations are wildly successful.
Yep, too bad the show spoiled the wedding for me. As of now, though, I've finally passed the show. Everything onward will be new to me. 
unless reddit spoils it for you.... now
And now I'll be ignoring my inbox for the next 24 hours. 
Ill see you in 25
Take it slow.

Why the hell would you watch the show and read the books at the same time?

You're not going to enjoy a Feast for Crows, but my god if Dance of Dragons is not the best book of the series I will eat my keyboard.

Never venture to .. Spoilers, spoilers everywhere for those not finished.
Except for all theon stuff. Theyre spoiling book 5 stuff there

I thought I was safe, having read most of the way through book four. Then they showed us where Theon has been hiding all this time. Kinda ruined the surprise in in the fifth book, but whatever. It's all good. 
I think they had to save some of the action from book 3 for HBO season 4 since book 4 is comparatively slow. They also had to build in some back story for Theon instead of just randomly having him show up in book 5 all freaky. Makes a bit of sense instead of trying to go back and explain it in three years when season 5 comes out.


SOMETHING SOMETHING EVERYONE YOU LOVE DIES!.Edit: Though that's not really a spoiler.  Everyone knows Martin does this.
It is known.


Prints available on .Tumblr: .dA: 
I haven't even seen 1 episode of game of thrones, but this drawing is breath taking.
Awesome work!
I hope GRRM gets a cut - these wouldn't sell if it wasn't for asoiaf fandom.
Thanks for sharing OP.  This is the motivation that I needed to start off my day.
Is this the same drawing that was on cringepics because some guy on Facebook was claiming he drew it and got called out? I can't find a link to that post, but it was fucking awesome..Congrats on finishing this. It's great!. Goldmine.
Yep. Too bad I'm terrible at finding links.

Just two questions... why is the Greyjoy kraken strangling the Tully fish, and where's the Freys?
I see that you edited the contrast for the print. Is there anyway you could release a print without the contrast edit? I think some of that wonderful shading and depth was taken away. 
Do you know how much detail gets lost in the sized-down versions of your (extremely lovely) work? I'd love to hit the Etsy shop, but am weighing cost against how scaling down might affect quality.

Did you tweet this to GOT twitter? They would love this
I have never watched Game of Thrones but I can appreciate the time and effort you put into this drawing. Congrats and good luck!

That's some talented work. Bravo

Already an upvote gif? Reddit you're fast!
This is actually really fucking cool.
Have you ever done coloring? A light water coloring, with real water colors or through photoshop, would make it a lot easier to distinguish between the lion, stag, and wolf. Like you said, it's a bit hard to grasp what is happening in the center. Anyway, amazing work.
I don't know where you plan on pushing your talents next, but have you considered getting into inking with pen/india ink for your drawings? I like the content of this sketch a lot, but think it's lacking the contrast that some really detailed pen-work could bring. .Have you heard of . by any chance? Your work is heading in the direction of his look and feel (god-like). Your piece in particular really reminds me of a .. .The process work for it is intense and reminds me of your piece.
. | . 
| .Keep up the good work!

post that over at . and ., they'll love that. .i do too. so much symbolism! 
I think the drawing's progress originated from there. 

As an artist, it pains me to see that such an incredible piece was done in ballpoint pen. Please please invest in some quality pens with archival ink (Micron pens would be perfect for this type of thing). This is especially important if you decide to sell the original - if you do sell it, I would highly recommend framing it with UV protective glass and acid free materials to prevent the ballpoint ink from degrading even more quickly than it already will.
That said, keep up the awesome work!
Thanks for the suggestions, I think I'm going to be spending my profit on upgrading some of my art supplies!
Some good ones:
Oh wow I had no idea they were artist pens..I use the micron archival pens for all my note-taking/wireframing(scribbling UI, not art) for work since I hate how ballpoint pens smear so damn easily.

How much for the original?
I'm debating whether or not I want to part with the original.
Send it to George R.R. Martin! Or at least send him a free print. I'm sure he would appreciate it! 
Don't. It's too good. 
Don't.
Put it on the fridge. All the best work goes on the fridge.

$500+?.But seriously, with all this popularity,
you might be able to get a little media attention and really blow it up and sell it for some big bucks in the $3000+ range..But, honestly, I wouldn't sell something so awesome..But I would buy it ;-)
I have to say, I didn't know him before but reading his wikipedia article and seeing your picture kind of make me think he is a very cool guy.
It looks like an ad for a law firm where one partner is an IT guy and the other is an astronaut.  
OP, you look like that dude in that commercial about the free bank fees at some credit union with the marching band and shit. Wish I could find it for reference lol.
nice! space men!
He has to be one of the coolest guys in the world
you look like that nigga from the office/hangover
Shit Ryan Reynolds, what happened to you??

That's awesome! I have me a serious man crush on Chris Hadfield.  The guy is just awesome .. He's done so much to spawn a whole new generation of scientists/astronauts. 
That's the finest mustache in the verse.
And it looks like OP has yet to come back down to earth from that experience! 
Are you Andy from "The Office"?
ground control to major hadfield.
The only mustache to rival Ron Burgundy's
If there's one guy I'd be okay about my mom having sex with, it would be him. .Not my dad, him.
I'm green with envy :(
How tall is Chris Hadfield?
That man is my background. 
He oozes so much manliness from that mustache its just... ..
Nice photo, it turned out great. I'd hang it above my toilet so when the next time you are constipated, you know there is nothing holding us back from completing the mission. 
numbnuts : legend
He is the coolest person ever.
Who?
Dat stash
Has he paid his phone bill yet?
I may be a terrible person, who is Chris Hadfield? He's obviously the astronaut on the right.... which already makes him awesome. The he has facial hair to extend his bubble of awesome further away from his face. My question, why am I the only person on reddit who doesnt know who this is.
He commanded the ISS for awhile and did lots of video clips of him doing cool stuff in space.  And he talked to lots of kids in School while on the ISS.
Did you grow a third testicle merely by being in his presence?
The one time I would have recognized who it was OP didn't say "Hey check out who I worked with today"
Why are you smiling?
Astronauts always look like such bad asses.
OP is cheezing so hard.
ok, Cmdr. Hadfield is kind of astronaut rockstar!!!, either way meeting him would be awesome.Ut Ameris, Amabilis Esto
You are one lucky son of a bitch..That is all.
Damnit! I thought it said "Hetfield"...Now i don't care 
That's it. Life accomplished.
I'm pretty sure your brother is my roommate at school lol
I think going to space would make me utterly insufferable, like genuinely an egotistical asshole, but then again I'd have been in space so fuck everyone else.
Looks like a farmer from this weed wars mini series 
Every time I read his name, I think he's in Metallica...
Fun fact:  He retired.

What a bunch of jealous pricks.  All I can say is good for you hope you had a great day with Hadfield.
That's so cool!
I think Chris Hadfield is a pretty cool guy. eh kills aliens and doesn't afraid of anything.
The song came to my head immediately 
I struck a pose...
I know it maybe heresy, but I do like his version of Space Oddity better than Bowies as well.
Did you get him to do the caterpillar walk with his mustache across your belly? Oh man, everyone needs to try that! 
Hadfield has that Black Dynamite "I . smiling" look.
Chris looks like that guy named Mike Boutin in the discovery show Weed Country.
his moustache asserts power
is this at the canadian embassy?
I think we should vote for Chris Hadfield to be worlds first official earth ambassador to the cosmos!
Prototypical American... wait a minute
Canada is really getting some value out of this Great Person
Needs the Stars and Stripes photoshopped into the background. 'Merica!
You know hes Canadian right? Hence the CSA badge
You can tell he's had a lot of practice pulling that pose
That is so badass.  I'm in awe of that guy
My dad took the EXACT same photo with him.
Hands down Chris Hadfield is one of the few people I believe deserve their celebrity. I wish there were more like him. If only our rock stars were scientists...
he is a badass
It's a speedsuit guys.
what a dilf
I love that astronauts are becoming celebrities again.
I was expecting to see a vogue pose...
True American hero.

I guess I'm the only person who noticed he's wearing a Tag Heuer... He should be rocking an Omega Speedmaster Moonie "Flight Qualified by NASA"... Just my humble opinion though :D
Ah he is amazing!!
My favorite thing about Chris Hadfield is that he lives in his coveralls. 
This is an amazing picture!
And you smiled? Why OP why?
Perez Hilton met Chris Hadfield?
So does Chris Hadfield have a closet full of the same suit, like it cartoons?
dat 'stache
Shouldn't you be pretending to be floating in space when you pose with and astronaut?
That's awesome, OP. He looks so... in his element with that pose. Mind if I ask in what context you were working with him?
My god, you could cut diamonds on that mustache. 
How did it feel to stand next to someone who is so awesome that the sum total of your life, as well as the lives of all of your children and grandchildren will not even be a small fraction of how awesome he is in a single day?
Some people call me a space cowboy!
Well why didn't you?
He is the most American Canadian that I've ever seen.
what a beautiful man
"SPREAD IT ON!"
His face looks funny with gravity pulling it down.
That moustache is out of this world...
I've just noticed he looks a lot like my neighbour. 
God I want to ride that mustache.
Would it be considered crazy to ask what line of work you're in? 
I wonder if it's a coincidence that the space commander character on Archer is a dead ringer for Commander Hadfield?
Sorry if this has been addressed.
That 'stache...
What a great picture! 
Had field is a stud. 
From Metallica to astronaut.  That's guy's had quite a life.
Currently my favorite Canadian. 
Stupid sexy Flanders.
Epic mustache.  Man i am seriously jealous.  I would rock an astronaut mustache so hard.
I mustache you a question sir, does your suit bring all the girls to the yard?
This guy went from 0 to Badass faster than anyone since Bill Clinton played saxophone on national TV
I love seeing these "look who I found" pictures where the guy that isn't famous is just way too excited.  
I'm just going to go ahead and ask the question that we're all thinking. .Did you get to kiss him goodbye and if so does his moustache tickle?
Lol oh Keegs
Nothing beats an astronaut.

Why can't my moustache be as epic as his?
My monitor doesn't like your t-shirt.
MARS, FOREVER!
Always loved the guy. his description of taking dumps in space is a classic.

I can imagine when Chris Hadfield is going to takeoff, he rides a tricycle blaring Joker and the Thief from a boombox on the back. Or I'm high...
Sweet stache
Who's Chris Hadfield?
Chris Hadfield wins at life.
gay as fuck
This is so dope/ 
who's that?
Andy Bernard?
Hey you look like Andy Bernard from The Office!
What camera did you take this with? Great photo quality!
METALLICA, FUCK YEAH
Apparently my mustache needs to visit space so it can look as wonderful as his. 
Totally not trying to brag, but he's from my hometown, and we went to the same high school (many years apart)..Okay, I'm trying to brag a little. He just makes me so damn proud!
Are you Ari Gold?
Mr mueller?
Exactly what kind of work do you do? If you don't mind my asking, of course.
You were told by the school janitor to strike a pose with you?
Hadfield is a total babe! 
this picture could be the poster for the best buddy cop movie of ALL TIME
He looks like a janitor.
Ah the joys of working at the CSA...
Oh that Mustache
Are you Ryan Reynolds by any chance?
AND his kick-ass 'stache.
I am in love with this man, and his moustache is just too glorious. 
Jesus. That is a great watch.
Dat mustache
Sex just oozes out of this photo.
Your life has just about reached its pinnacle.
Now THATS a profile pic. 
WHO?

SOOO MUCHH TEETHHHH
Chris Hadfield just looks cool in every pic I've seen of him. Even the one where he comes gasping out of a spacesuit and a cramped space. .It's the 'stache isn't it?
Mr. Hadfield has the most majestic mustache.
I imagine Chris as the Canadian Batman. Instead of a cave of suits he has a hidden vault/lab with dozens of armored, hi-tec jumpsuits in several colours. 
Um, so you mean Iron Man (with blue and others instead of red/yellow)?
this guy is really cool. it would be an honor to meet him. 
This picture confuses me. I was under the impression Chris Hadfield could fly.
What watch is he wearing in this picture?  It's beautiful.
What camera did you take it with. It looks good!
I handed my D3 off to someone to shoot this. I think I had my 35mm prime on at the time... Set to somewhere around f/2.2 to f/2.8. Not at my computer so I can't check the exif
I was impressed with the picture quality too, even compressed.  Great lighting helps a lot.
Protip: If you're looking at buying a DSLR, its more about the lens than the camera. Take that into account when looking at prices.
Agreed. A great lens that can get down to 2.8, 1.8, or 1.4 will make almost any DSLR look good. A good body can't make up for that f/5.6 55mm zoom on the kit lens - any indoor photography...hello ISO!
Wide open lenses can produce heavy vignetting though, as evidenced by this photo.
It's interesting to me how the right edge of the image (barrel distortion?) seems diagonal making the entire picture seem like a trapezoid instead of a rectangle.
So. Friggin. Jealous.
you're the guy from New Girl, right?
Wow you look like such a fruity little cunt next to him.
Let's be fair: pretty much anyone would.
He should really do an AMA.
he did 3 ama's and frequently visits 
He did. 
Beards get remembered, but mustaches never die.

Just realizing this is the first time I've seen him not floating around in socks. 
you look sooo excited!
Jesus fuck that man knows how to make himself look cool. 
So much mustache 
so cool
Someone needs to photoshop a mustache on the OP. 


What a class act. Genuinely great guy..I got to meet him in Baltimore at a STEM/NASA convention of sorts  I was volunteering at probably three years ago now. Real nice guy. Talked to him about my career goals and future (it was the summer before my first year of engineering school down at VT) for what felt like minute but was for the better part of an hour. At the end of it he gave me his personal email address and home phone number and told him if I ever needed a reference or guidance in the future feel free to email him. Never emailed him, but it was a nice gesture on his part. I regarded that information higher than any autograph of any sports star. Still have it. .If I decide to apply to NASA or SpaceEX post college, which will probably occur, I will probably contact him for some sort of reference. .tl;dr: great guy. 
By far the coolest Canadian ever. 
It's so great that an astronaut/enginer/scientist is a rockstar role model.  .We need more role models like him and less of the Kardashians.
He never takes his flight suit off does he?
If I had one, a LEGIT one, I'd never take it off either
Even has a pocket for his blackberry
Wow, Chris Hadfield just exudes Canada. 
That mustache commands more respect than every mustache that ever came before it.
k, seriously....is this guy the coolest person on the planet + space?
Great picture... If only I was amongst you mad catz!
I bet he hears about Reddit a lot. 
He brought it up a few times during the day actually
His son is a redditor and got his dad to do a couple of amazing AMAs. 
Why was I thinking this would be a guy from Metallica? 
I thought he retired. But still in the suit eh?
That 'stache came with flightsuit, right?
I am very happy that this is not a crappy cell phone picture.
Feels like a missed opportunity to me. 
Is he ever allowed to change clothes?
Is he coming to Toronto soon? I would love to meet him
Looks like you forgot your mustache at home
He's such a complete dude, I mean look at that moustache!
Dat image resolution!
His Mustache +1 to badass!  Yours unfortuantely -1 to coolness.  
I thought this was going to be the dude from Metallica.
I He
Did he take you to a zone?    perhaps one of danger?
This is either in Rayburn House Office or Dirksen Senate side, amiright?
Your shoulder has now officially been to space.
that is one mighty stache
You look fucking amazing in a button down my man.
No homo.
His mustache is godlike
you're really cute :-)
Would've looked like you mean business if not for the smile. Why'd you do it? Why'd you smile?
Did you jerk his dick off afterwards?  
Reddit, because of Hadfields son and Hadfield himself, is so in love with...Hadfield. I'm wondering if Canadians are just as in love.
I never know who is who in these type of pictures
chris should have a badge on his chest all the time that simply says: "Badass"
Andy?
What sort of work, OP?
I was supposed to look serious too. He told me after the photo, haha
For real, you're like, "Gee, jiminy cricket Mr Hadfield!" And he's like, "Son, I took a shit in space." But I'm sure everyone would look that way standing next to him.

He also had shit on him in space. Had to fix a toilet up there haha
Who is this person?
An astronaut that makes videos. I didn't recognize the name/face either..Apparently everyone asking is being downvoted for the grave sin of not recognizing a reddit idol.
I think it's the fact that. Quick google search would come up wit a wealth of information; but I'm with ya. 
Whew - thanks for confirming that I'm not living under a rock for not knowing that... was starting to get worried there :)
Well you still probably live under a rock but I won't hold it against you... much
I wish he was more of an idol in the USA. He's a huge deal in Canada. He did what Christa McAuliffe wanted to do, but he's Canadian so he's easier to ignore I guess. 
He's out posing you by a light year.
If OP had that 'stache he might have a chance. 
His pose is out of this world

 
Wallpaper'd

 
Tom.  F*cking.  Skerritt.
Holy shit, it's Viper!
You're writing checks your mustache can't cash!
Breaking news: Ed Helms to star in new over-the-top comedy based on the life of Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield.  (you look like Ed Helms.)
I was hoping someone would mention this. Thank you.
I didn't read the title when I clicked on this and assumed this was a 'I just met Ed Helms' post and was wondering why the OP was wearing a space suit. 

I never saw it until a good friend told me last fall. Her suggestion of going as Stu lead to one of my best Halloween costumes ever
I didn't read the title very well, and didn't know his name, so I was wondering why he had the goofy look while the guy beside him was all serious. Then I noticed that the suit was not a janitor's suit, and everything clicked.
What was he like? 
He seems like a pretty rad guy in his videos.


dubbya
No wonder he keeps his moustache! Originally he said its because his wife likes it, but I think it's cuz he looks like Canadian GW Bush without it. .Side note: On Canada day a kid asked what 3 pros and cons are of having a moustache. Hadfield said that storing soup in it for later was one of each. 
Now switch their clothes.
Does this count? .Not my best work but it's all I could manage to do within about 10 minutes.
Young Hitler and Doug Jones.
A true Canadian Hero!
...what

luckily, it looks like there's nothing to edit here.
What was the comment before he edited it?
"A true AMERICAN hero!"
Well,  he's a hero to Americans too if I'm the typical American. 
North American!

What was the most interesting story he told you? And what were you working on with him?
Chris Hadfield is Canadian. 
Ahh, username.

He's like a neighborhood dad that you'd see around; friendly, encouraging, good stories, good role model - but x1000
Probably BBQ's the meanest burger around. 
His lawn is probably mowed like a putting green at Augusta.
yep
We chatted about shooting up in space (photos) and the unique challenges, views, and opportunities that it provides. .Best story was when they were landing - mission control told them to stop talking before impact so they wouldn't bite their tongues off. The impact feels like you sitting in a car hitting a solid concrete wall going 30mph. This is after 17 explosions to slow you down first... 
Wow that's fantastic! Is this what you imagined yourself doing when you were a kid?
Nope! haha

Every real life hero from Charles Dickens to MLK has been ruined for me in the past, but if I had to bet on a real person remaining a strong and positive role model in the future, it would be this guy.
By most accounts Darwin was actually a pretty good guy. I don't know if Darwin is one of your heroes but I've had the same experience with most of mine (my heroes that is) and Darwin has stood the test of time.

But Mister Rogers
Whatsa  matter with Charles Dickens?
He apparently became an enormous douchenozzle after being married to his wife for ten years and having a crap ton of kids. They separated and he then proceeded to bad mouth her all over the place while taking up with other women. 
Apparently he slandered his estranged wife in the newspaper.  Nothing criminal, just kind of a dick move.
Ah okay, surely a dick move but I was expecting much worse.

Fixed it.
Charles Dickend.
Even .?

What exactly is wrong with mlk? 

Supposedly he used to have sex with and beat prostitutes. Don't even know where that claim is from. I've just read it on comment threads. It also has been proven that he plagiarized some of his doctoral thesis. Though, his supporters don't quite see the problem with it. Many in the Judeo-Christian tradition will borrow the words, proverbs, story structures etc. of the prophets or enlightened minds before them and contort them into their own message. Since his doctorate was in theology, many wonder if this wasn't just in keeping with the tradition.
That prostitute thing may be an old remnant of the FBI's well-documented attempts to slander King. A lot of Stormfront types still believe the baseless crap the FBI was slinging back then, and continue to spread it around, and lord knows that there are a lot of them on Reddit.
The FBI dragged his name through the mud, as far as I know. But hey, I am sure there are some experts ready to fill you in on all of MLK's personal attributes that you may oppose...
I'm asking satur, not experts. 
Oh, sorry.  I always forget to read tone in posts. :/.When you said "exactly" I took it literally, as opposed to the smart-ass version in which you elevate the pitch of your voice toward the end of the question. So, Satur, what is wrong with MLK, 

Haven't heard either of those. Do you have sources? 
Snopes is trusted, right? If not, you can check out their linked sources. They talk about how his university became aware of it and decided not to revoke his degree.
He's even better in person than I imagined. I've worked with and met a lot of politicians, athletes, stars, etc and the only one who comes close to him in terms of being genuinely nice and a good guy - Cranston.
Bryan Cranston? He always comes off like an extremely personable guy in interviews. 
100% agree. One of the few genuine and great people around these days. Very personable guy!
Yep. Just wanted to chat about the NHL lockout and home renos
I have to admire Chris Hadfield, because he is a ridiculously amazing guy. He's also (supposedly) the uncle of a girl that broke my heart, if I recall what she said about her uncle correctly..So I'm a little conflicted, even though I know that's ridiculously stupid.
You need to find him and tell him "Your niece broke my heart but I love you anyway!" and then give him an uncomfortably long bear hug.
what line of work are you in?
OP stated above that his Popeye forearms are a result of carrying around camera equipment all day. Perhaps that might be a clue? 
my popeye arms are from  masturbating
According to the dictionary of numbers extension for chrome your username is approximately equal to the strongest continuous magnetic field produced by non-superconductive resistive magnet. 
Explain to me this wonderous dictionary of numbers extension. 
This is why I turn it off for reddit, and also for my bank account, I was tired of seeing that my savings account was only roughly enough to get me a cup of coffee everyday for a year...
...gas station coffee or Starbucks coffee? If the latter, you're doing better than me :p

Just crunched the numbers, they came back with dunkin donuts :/
WHAT?!.Oh, well, that's...simultaneously disappointing and relieving.

: Three barrels (capable of shooting rifle bullets, shotgun shells and flares) and a folding stock that doubles as a shovel and contains a swing-out machete.
We were going for heroin. We'll keep you in mind for any future roles though. Thanks.

Wow, he looks.... powerful. He just exudes confidence.
His right eye looks gentle and his left eye wants to murder everyone in the room.
it's the mustache

He's a real modern day hero. 
It's a side effect of being fucking awesome.
It's all in the mustache. 
That mustache is so dense, light cannot escape it's surface.
And hadfield looks good too!
I think astronauts need to have a pretty confident attitude to being with. It would suck to be on an EVA only to have your FE get all emo on you. 
I think a lot of it comes from past careers in the military, especially being fighter and test pilots. I've only had the pleasure of meeting a couple fighter pilots, but those guys are just about as confident as they come. I'd assume it comes with strapping yourself into multi-million dollar, supersonic aircraft and having no one to help if things go wrong.
what do EVA and FE mean? 
EVA: Extra vehicular activity, going outside the spacecraft. 
FE: Flight Engineer
He touched upon this when he was speaking. More in terms of having a strong sense of values etc. and yet, still being in awe when you look down on the earth and realize how small and beautiful things are
His handshake could crush rocks into dust.
True dat. I met him and when he shook my hand I thought I might die.
Awe, somebody's got a Bro Crush. 
I believe you can tell almost all you need to know of someone based on their handshake..I'm glad to hear this.
Hank Hill Reddits, everyone.
Just think, in space he is even taller!
Fucking radiated moon rocks!!
THEY'RE MINERALS MARIE, JESUS!
Damn, man.  And you've got some Popeye forearms, too.
I think we need to revive the Chuck Norris meme but with Chris Hadfield. And with all the claims being generally nice and non-violent.
Please make this a thing. 
He'd apologize for being too nice :)
"Chris Hadfield is so sweet that sugar taste bitter when he is around"
I love this. This may be the only time I've actually wanted something to become a meme.
"In space, Chris Hadfield can hear you scream... and he'll rush over to see that you're ok."
"When Chris Hadfield orbit, the World stop and listen"."You don't make fun of Chris Hadfield mustache, you stargaze at it"."Chris Hadfield isn't interesting, he is interISSting"."Chris Hadfeild doesn't own a place, he owns Space".Well, not all good, but it is a start.  Join in
Chris Hadfield's suit has its own suit.
So much su-i-tness.
Holding cameras all day certainly doesn't hurt... ;)
As a photographer, can confirm. That shit is surprisingly heavy held up all freaking day. I can't imagine what it's like for film guys.
Is that what the kids are calling it these days?
Can confirm..Source: Can confirm.

My son is obsessed with the ISS, particularly the . - which we've probably listened to, without exaggeration, a few billion times. I know every word. Which is a . welcome change from Gangnam Style. We watched his version of . together, and then sent him a message on reddit shortly after (my son told him he liked his version better than Bowie's, but both are on his playlist now). I really didn't expect a reply, but a few days later we got a heartfelt and humble reply from . saying how much he appreciated it and how great it was that they were studying the ISS in school. It was a really special and amazing moment for us, and I'm so very grateful for it. Chris Hadfield is all class, and makes me proud to be Canadian. 
Just watched the ISS Song. My screen appears distorted as I type this, due to the tears in my eyes.

I must admit that I heard the song back in Feb and didn't think much of it. I then caught the live version in Ottawa for Canada Day celebrations, i've heard that song atleast 3-4 times a day since July 1st :) .. Love Canada
The Canada Day show was spectacular. Were you able to his Q&A? It was so awesome. 
I did not know that song, it's beautiful. Thank you for showing me.
I am a fan of the ISS Song... I didn't expect to be, all the elements are there to create something so corny you'd have no hope but to cringe at it. but instead I was left with a feeling of happy contentment and hope for the future, alongside some peace instilling notion being realized that maybe if we can do these thing which one seemed so impossible to us, maybe the other shouldn't seem so unlikely to us today.
You listened to that song over 30 thousand years? Did you start in the ice age?
You may be confused.  The commenter was most likely using a literary technique known as ..  Unless of course you were aware of that fact and were just responding as though you had interpreted his/her words literally for 'comedic' value.  In which case you and I have something in common.
Yeah, at ~4:45 long, and a "few" usually meaning three or more, that's 13.5 billion years. Just about the time the universe popped into existence..TL;DR: StickleyMan is God and Jesus really likes the ISS.
how on earth did you get 13.5 billion years in your calculation???
A few billion times wouldn't even be a few billion years, because the song isn't even a year long.
Yes.
Listening to the some one billion times would take about 10,500 years.   So a few billion meaning 3 billion, and this statement is quite correct..For some reason, 30 thousand years seemed like a long time to listen to a 5 min 31 second long song a few billion times, but I was mistaken.  I tip my hat to you, good sir.
Chris Hadfield makes me proud to be an Earthling.

Earthican.
makes me proud to have a 'stache
As an Earthling and a Canadian, I'm super proud!
He was super friendly with everyone, and even more so with children he met. Took the time to talk to them, answer questions, pose for photos, and even more importantly - sparked ideas, interest, and love for space exploration and everything that goes along with it. You could see it in their eyes as they watched and listened to him. It was amazing to witness it firsthand.

This is what I am talking about! Creating that spark in the imaginations of children so they can do something awesome and meaningful in life.
You can't put a price on the chance to meet someone like that for a kid. Those seeds of interest grow into future astronauts. Good guy.
Or future anything great really. I'm not even in a science field but he still inspires me to go above and beyond. 
For a kid?.You can't put a price on the chance to meet him at ANY age!

Some of the kids just stated at him in awe. It was very heartwarming. He just looked down and grinned with his mustache :)
It's a legit Canadian trustache. We believe in the trustache.
he's like the cool version of Flanders
I...I long to stroke his mustache, but I would keep that secret desire buried within me so as to not frighten him.
His mustache can do that?
If his mustache were any more charming it would be the next Disney prince.
:{)
Of course it can.
Yep. I heard he even shaved some of it off and left it on the ISS to help some of the newer astronauts with their spacewalks and whatnot.
And mustaches.
His mustache went to space.
HELL YEAH IT DID.
Spacestache.
And it commanded the ..

Interstachional Stache Stachion 
I'm surprised he opted for such a close picture. I heard that he was claustrophobic and needs lots of space. 
HOHOHO!

I'm not sure if that's a joke about him being in space, or a joke about how claustrophobically small the ISS is.
Or because he is Canadian!?!.Ohh boy,did someone turn off the lights? 
I'm not sure it was a joke.
Why not both?
hopefully in the future they could send some virtual reality gear up there so the effects of claustrophobia could be considerably reduced. 
Yeah I heard that when he gets claustrophobic he starts to see stars...
Could be why he opted for the "strike a pose" rather than the arm-around-the-shoulder thing.
I don't think you get it. You need to pay more attention! You've got your head in the clouds half the damn time! Always spaced out with this guy...

I've heard that too.  Apparently he turns into a bit of a lunatic.
I didn't want to get to deep into this guys' story, but my curiosity is getting the best of me...

Does he just wear that suit all the time? Everywhere?
Not sure if you are serious, but yes, anytime he is on duty (flying, briefings, meetings, conferences, etc) all canadian astronauts must wear the blue suit. Source: I know a few astronauts from past work I had at CSA
He wears it all the time just in case he feels like going to space real quick 
If i were him, i'd wear it EVERYWHERE lol
Howard from tbbt did that, hope real astronauts don't do that 
Speed suit.
It's tatooed on him
Nah.. sometimes he puts normal clothing over it to conceal it.
Wouldn't you?  
He probably has a whole closet full of the suit. I would.
It's not just a suit, it's a speed suit! It says "Look out! I know what I'm wearing for the rest of my life."
He's come a long way from his time in metallica.

nope, I am his nephew
It if was me I would also have custom jammies that looked just like it.
I just pictured Chris Hadfield sleeping with blue bedsheets with the same design as the uniform, getting out of bed in his blue uniform pajamas, grabbing a blue uniform coffee mug, and walking to the closet to get into into his blue uniform..It made me happy.

Chris Hadfield needs to sing his own version of blue.
No shower?
Dabadee dabadye
I'd listen to it.
He had it on all day (meetings, media, etc.). Took it off that evening when he headed to the airport for a flight.
he took off his flight suit for the flight????
So he wears his flight suit for everything but flying
Man, I bet just taking a domestic flight across the country has to be like, really dull for him.
No flight suits allowed at the airport.
How come?
Not an astronaut but I fly in the military. You're really only supposed to wear your flight suit when you are performing flight related duties. Though astronaut/NASA are probably different.
Why Not take the shuttle for commercial flights? 
Looks a bit like . while wearing it.
He should add a cape. 
saw him last week, he is my uncle
wow. you are one lucky guy. what an honor!

So he wore his flightsuit all day but took it off when he boarded an airplane?
He had another one on underneath it. 
Chris Hadfield: wears flight suit at all times except when flying.
Wouldn't want the pilots to feel bad.
"You're flying a plane? Fuck you, I went to space. Not so great now, are ya?"
I was actually hoping he just wore it all the time, actually. 
Kind of like mormon super-underwear. Under his normal clothes. All the time.
I imagine Helene has asked him to keep it on a few times, at least.
He probably has space jammies 
i was hoping he drove a space shuttle
I bet he does but sometimes wears other clothes over the top, so at any moment he can do a Superman style change if there is an astronaut emergency. 
Ironically, he changed out of it when boarding an aircraft.
Well you . one bored Canadian, so you . need something to keep you interested. 
Chris Hadfield, Astronaut.

Actually.
So fucking what? Cry yourself to sleep then, stupid cunt
Nothing quite like a man in a speedsuit.
Actually, he actually wears it to sleep, actually. 
That would make him the world's most influential NeverNude.
space jammies.
Seriously. Who doesn't love a onesie?!
I actually totally actually agree with you actually.
Actually, I was . hoping the same thing.
I mostly was too, mostly.
He just casually asks the pilot to step aside, "i got this man, ive been to space"
He does. OP is mistaken. When he headed to the airport that evening, it was on under his clothing like superman/spiderman.
I imagine he has a full closet with nothing but this suit.

This man : .<3

Seems like a good time to bust . out.
Came here just to tell you how sad I was that this link didn't send me to Doug Funnie. Seriously, is this where Doug has ended up now; below the six flags guy?
den dun den dun den 
a redditor like you belongs in . 
Fun fact, that's a woman..Edit: I might be dead wrong.
Excuse me?

The strangest kind of wrong.
Maybe that's just a rumor I heard.  I tried googling it and various people have played this character.  One is known and it's a guy, the others aren't known..I swear I remember hearing about a dancing old guy who was really played by a woman.  
After having worked at Six Flags Great Adventure (the NJ one) as a cast member for 2 years, i can confirm our "old guy" was played by a 5'4 woman.
Yes he is sometimes played by a woman. If you go to the parks, they always have one of their employees dancing around the streets with the cartoon characters.
I heard the same. I want to say I remember seeing pictures of the make up going on.
Like Goku's?

I have watched every episode like 3x, every movie, everything, and don't remember that. Is it in the manga?
It's also in Dragonball Kai.
Nope, it's in the Anime, although it was filler.
Here I even took the effort to find the clip for you...

Oh I remember that now! I was trying to remember his closet at home full of clothes, not the Capsule.
To be honest, this would be nice. He never has socks that don't match, doesn't have to pick his outfit in the morning, never has to worry that people will notice that he is wearing the same clothes as yesterday because he hasn't done laundry in a year, etc.
Thanks much!
I'm sad to say I knew exactly what it was from the instant I saw it.
Yea I remember now, I was trying to remember the clothing in his house rather than in the Capsule to Namec (sp?)
It would be pretty amazing...!
[deleted]
How fabulous.

We've been over this Ferd, enough already with the sheep and samesies!.edit: he said something something I get more sex than astronauts
But, you get to be in space and look down on earth. Pretty decent trade off...

If I had a real space suit I would never take it off. Ever. And I'd constantly remind everybody that it was a real space suit because I'm a real astronaut.
