Woofert De Niro
"You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married, and you ask me to do murder for money." 
I want it!! I want it!! :D It's so adorable!
Just add monocle!.He is so adorably classy looking.
They grow up to look like adorable old men. This isn't my picture but he's the dad of the baby. 
What kind of doggie is she?
Those ears:o
Those ears:o
One fine day with a woof and a screech.A baby was born, seemed a little out of reach.No blue buzzard, no three-eyed frog .Just a rich crime fighting little BatDog. .BatDog, BatDog, alone in the world is a little BatDog! 
Mom is a border collie mix. Thinking date maybe had some basenji or Shepard in him. Her paws aren't real big, will probably be around 50lbs. 
Oh!  Love that dog so hard!  So cute, I just wanna nibble on those ears!
BATMAN'S DOG WAS CALLED ACE THE BATHOUND....I'll show myself out.

Those...those eyes...I think I'm gonna cry...
Oh wow! Those eyes are just too beautiful, and his coat. Do you think he'll keep his coloring with the spots and whatnot? So cute!
I have the same bed for my dog! :3
My heart is melting right now. You win the internet for the day for cutest animal. 
I love that face...I want him!!! lol
Best of luck to one and all for a loooooong and very happy life together....
But OH that face is getting me so damn cute! 
Little puppies!
Cute pup. Is that a Pikchu toy down in the bottom-left?
I love his colors. I will be cool to see how he looks when he is bigger.
That face, I can't even... you're quite lucky.
Yes. All of my yes. 
I look forward to updates as your pup grows!
I'm expecting an updated picture every three days for the first month, every week for the second two months, and a picture a month until he's fully grown.

Aw, he's an angel!  
Castiel, you have NO IDEA how adorable you are, do you?
Usually pet posts on the front page bug me, but good god look at that face..Seriously, the fur is such a nice colour.
You have won "Aww".
I want to hug it :3
Very cute and LOVE the name. Supernatural is so underrated.
i love the name castiel
sounds so mysterious
OMG! What coloring and a cute face!
Congratulations!  What a beautiful pup.  Enjoy every minute of the years ahead!
So gorgeous!
I don't understand this reference. 
Cas, stop smelling the dead guy
Congrats! Now listen to this advice very carefully: for the years to come love this cute sob as you would love a family member. Don't look at him as a pet. Most importantly, show him how loved and cherished he is. Help him live a life of joy and happiness because he will give you nothing less in return. I promise you he will be the most devoted and genuine friend you will ever have. He will provide unconditional love as long as he lives. He will never care about shit you say, things you own or food you feed him. You will be the center of his universe. That's incredibly hard to grasp. But take my advice and make him as happy as you can. He will deserve it and so much more. Don't want go all sad here but years from now, when he'll be gone, he will leave a void in your soul and life. Please trust me and make all that happen. You won't regret a single second you've spent with him. Now go and pull his fluffy years!
that dog looks like he could be a catahoula leopard dog, like hank the cow dog except this color is blue merle
He is so freakin cute! I love his coat. He will be huge!! Good luck and enjoy every minute with him:)
That is so cute
Cassie, after the first week.
Awwwwww she is gorgeous! That name is perfect!!!
I have a Catahoula with the same name :)  Beautiful puppy you have there!
D'aww! 
This only makes me want another puppy more..my bf won't be happy about this.
Best name for an animal ever.  

Beautiful pup!  Congratulations!
Never watched Supernatural, so how do you pronounce that?
Nostalgic again for SPN. Castiel is my favorite ever chatacter... Sobsob I love you Cas
That is a dog and totally not me in anyway ... That's what Cass would say if he saw this post in his deep bland voice 
Love the name. Just got done watching an episode with Castiel in it.
When he is a bad dog, you can call him 'Ass-butt'
I must say that I quite like you. Not only do you have an adorable puppy and are working hard to be a responsible owner and keep this cutie happy and healthy but you are also a Supernatural fan! 
Hey! I know that dog! He peed on my floor.
ruggedly handsome!
Great Danes are the cutest puppies. I heard their health isn't too good though but I hope yours has a long healthy life! Reddit is going to be the first to know when I get a puppy. Before my partner knows, Reddit will know.
I absolutely will! :)
:D Thank you! The best I can do is try to be as good a friend to him as he is to me. I have to say that Supernatural is my absolute favorite show. I've spent many an hour with the Winchester boys and of course Castiel! 
So have I, my SO and I are currently doing a marathon (we're now on season 5).
Thank you for this advice. I can promise that I will take it to heart. I will try to be worthy of his friendship and loyalty. Years from now I want to be able to look back fondly and without regrets. 
My catahoula looked almost the same as a puppy only more brown than blue.
Thank you! He's been an absolute blast. I'm already in love with him. It's been fun watching him learn and discover new things. I'm definitely looking forward to many years of friendship. 

Oh, you SO scored! What a cutie...
Caaah-stee-ell (Caahh like how you pronounce cat)
Or "car" in Maine.
Very cute! Looks like a mini version of 
Cute puppy!  Is that a Dalmatian-Retriever mix? 
Question: how does a puppy know something is food?
I.....I don't understand why you want me to say my name
If Cass was a dog, this would definitely be right on the money. Cutest puppy! For sure an angel. 
K-STi-L.Cas (cass.).tee (tea).el (el.)
Supernatural fan?
Absolutely!
It's actually a bumble bee. It's an obscure Supernatural reference. Castiel watching the bees. :) 
I moved and don't have Internet yet and I was in the middle of the 6th season via Netflix. I'm going through withdrawls! 
I just now finished that episode. Love it! 
Bah! I know these feels. I just got my Internet back this last week. Getting to watch again was like welcoming back an old and dear friend. Hang in there!
For OPs sake, hopefully this Castiel will sleep.
Just as I'm watching Supernatural, neato! sweet dog
NEATO BURRITO!
Hey, ass-butt!
Did you just molotov my brother with holy fire?
Ahh...no?
get two more and name them dean and sam.
Careful, I don't want to think about the things Castiel and Dean will do alone....Sam isn't allowed, someone will only end up dying. 
I want to think about the things Dean and Cas will do alone.  ;-)
My cat's name is Misha!
That is one great lookin pup! I might be a . though. Get ready for spending some money on food. Dane mixes grow up fast! This is .Make sure to get him some quality food. There are lots of good resources out there for info ., 
I love his coloring! Awesome looking dog:)
He's adorable! Do you know what he is mixed with?
Thank you! He is a Great Dane- Lab mix.
Wow! He was a super cute puppy and is now a very handsome looking dog!  I really love the name Atticus, it really suits him. .Thank you for the links and advice. We switched him over to a higher quality food within the first week that week got him. I want to do my best to make sure he's healthy! 
I actually had him tested. Here is .A caveat though, they only trace well-known bloodlines, so if you have a Dane (or any other breed) that is from any sort of backyard breeder they will fall 
How much does that test generally cost?
Beautiful dog!  I wondered what those genetic tests would be like, thanks for posting it.
Thanks!.The complete test result is a 14 page pdf. It has more charts like standard distribution and information about the breeds detected. Well worth the money if you have it to spare.
Looks like it's $80: 
Thank you! He's actually a Great Dane-Lab mix.
I was thinking either Dane or Catahoula. I love that coloring the best.
I can tell he has Dane in him. He looks a lot like a Dane puppy I had. His name was Jethro. .Beautiful animal! :D
Will you call him Cass?
Yes, we will.
When hes bad, call him assbutt...
So awesome. I want a dog now
Fantastically cute puppy, awesome name. I totally approve!!! :)
Love the name! Go supernatural!

It's not funny Dean. The voice says I'm almost out of minutes  _
But if the pizza man truly loves the babysitter...
This is my favorite line...ever.
That episode made me laugh so hard... "i learned it from the pizza man". 
We're not supposed to talk about it...
Aw fuck, its a pool... I'm so bad at these... I can never figure out how to get in, Aw f.Edit: Read in a Woody Allen voice.
Is Van Cat a breed? My very first thought was that maybe they were similar to the dogs in Russia that travel by subway, and used vans as transportation...Not very likely :(
Completely white cats are genetically prone to heterochromia (seen here) and deafness, but usually not both at the same time.
Thank you for subscribing to Cat Facts!
Looks like a . to me..... Definitely my favourite cat !
Indeed, it is a breed.
And OP's pic doesn't look like a Van:
I just can't get over how comfy he looks. It's adorable. And I think everyone on here should be sending you cookies for being able to pull off those crocs 
TIL: Spiderman's girlfriend is an aspiring Zookeeper 
Do you work at Pittsburgh Zoo?
I want your job!!!'
What's he like? .I'm finishing my Psych degree and now I've really been wishing I did Primatology or Anthropology to work with Apes in Africa. How'd you end up working with them?
 
Isn't this is Pittsburgh? 
Who's that babe in the photo with that hot chick?
I've been with the gorillas in Bwindi National Park in Uganda. It's really striking how much the babies are like human children.
I like your crocs. 
That baby gorilla looks like she's been drinking all night, was getting the spins in bed, and is finally just now able to pass out.
You're crazy if you think we don't want more pics.
want to hug.
You two look so chill... awesome job!
This is great! 
I want your job.
Aaawwww, how lucky are you to be with such a sweetie.
So jealous!  
Did he have a rough night?
Best job ever!!!
Mooore!
Upvote for a fellow FCAHS alumni!! Such a cool job!
This post is rare. Where the OP is actually involved in the photo. That's awesome bye 
Never knew Kristen Dunst was such an animal lover
This thread has a steep drop off lol
I also see that you are Kirsten Dunst
You're wearing black on purpose
I want that lady to be my wife and that gorilla my son.
You all want her job, I just want her. Crocs and all. 
What is with the high percentage of hot girls that have professions involving animals.  The same with vets.  Go into any vets office and there is a good chance you will find a hot girl.
deal with it! swag
he looks exactly like the baby gorillas from the animated Disney Tarzan movie hahaha 
I want your job!
You are a shill that has been called out by ...To see what they wrote about you, go here:
He looks like my cousin, what zoo is he being raised at?
"With hot girl gone,
Will there be hope for gorilla?"
Crocs?.You're a fucking MONSTER!
I've never seen someone in real life (even while living with pre-vet students) pull of scrubs like that. Seriously, fantastic job.
You look like Claire from LOST.
Crocs... CROCS!!
Aw, pretty.  The blonde isn't bad either. 
Really cute!.Baby gorilla isnt too shabby either.
Don't call her a gorilla she's beautiful! 
Forget the guerrilla I'd go just to see you! Well, he is pretty damn cute. I guess I can see him too! :D 
Yeah sure, the visitors are coming to see the baby gorilla...
Prepare them racist comments...cause they be coming.
What was your major in school or area of study? A job like this would be amazing but I would guess hard to come by.. 
Thank you, it is an art ;)
I've always wanted to be a keeper, and never had a preference for any animal (love them all)...I got an internship with the gorillas after my internship with polar bears/sea otters ended and I fell in love with them. Honestly, I NEVER saw myself working with primates, they always kind of creeped me out. Now that I know them, I couldn't be more in love. Chimps still scare the bajeezus out of me though. I'm going to continue pursuing a career in gorilla keeping. Working with them in the wild would be amazing...if you ever need researchers, hit me up ;)
Yep!
That's awesome!!! They develop so much faster though. And are so quiet! Tell me more about your time there!! I'd love to do something like that
Biology...psychology or zoology are also acceptable. It's very competitive...surprisingly  50 years ago being a zoo keeper was a shameful job-shoveling shit all day. Luckily, the field has progressed to a positive!
I'm with him today, ill post more ASAP!
Thanks, means a lot since I wear them all day at my full time job too. Haha at least I never have to plan an outfit 
Downvote all you want, you baby-gorilla haters.
How dare she like things you don't approve of, that in no way affect you!
Awww, I just want to grab it and cuddle it forever.
Ha! I get it! Cause white people are like . wearing crocs!.....BTW... fuck you.
How'd you format the comment to have so many empty lines?
Click source and look
That doesn't really offer a clear explanation to people without programming experience.
And the baby gorilla is pretty cute too!
this is not funny anymore
actually it kinda is
Lies
But seriously dude, women do . appreciate being called "it"
Hahah as long as "it" is hot, I'm not complaining. 
What do you do for a living? What is your title
Looks like kirsten dunst
I thought Anna Paquin
Which one?
And my axe
Why is the baby being raised separate from his family? Did his mom die?

That doesn't answer RabbitRobotica's question.
It isn't raised seperately from its family.
The title of this post tends to disagree
Ok
Sometimes the mother isn't producing milk, or has other difficulties that require the keepers to step in for the good of mother and baby. I believe they are reintroduced to the mother and put into her care once he/she is weaned. 
Perfect answer. There are several other zoos doing this right now, it's a relatively new practice and we are all learning from each other
is this at the Cincinnati Zoo?
Sounds more like Columbus Zoo.
Pittsburgh zoo, but both of those institutions are also raising babies. We have all met up to discuss our progress
I love the pgh zoo. I have so many good memories there growing up. Glad to see that something like this is being  done so close to home. 
yay! Pittsburgh zoo! I love it there. :)
She developed severe mastitis when he was about a month old and could no longer nurse him. For his survival, we pulled him from the troop and are hand rearing him until he is big enough to come to us voluntarily and drink from a bottle. His mother has been really understanding about it and we spend most of the day near her so she can see him and vocalize to him.
I read that as massive tits
Does the mother ever get mad about this. Are you worried about her charging or something, or does she realize whats going on?
She was a little concerned at first but she is very understanding. She also trusts us and I think deep down knows we are helping her. She's been so great about it and calm. She makes positive noises toward the baby and us 
this might be a dumb comment but has anybody ever tried to teach the mother to bottle feed her own baby?
She would most likely try to drink it, and we would never get the bottle back. We don't want adult gorillas drinking formula
So there is no chance of you trying to have the mother feed the baby with a bottle? I would think she would get the hint if you do it infront of her long enough?
They know that there is something in that bottle that is good and edible. The other gorillas, particularly the silverback, would try to get it. They are very intelligent animals, but a lot less like humans than one may think. Very similar to humans, but they are wild animals, and humans are so...domesticated, so to speak.
I got scared reading this comment. .Edit: Guess this subreddit lacks sarcasm and/or a sense of humor... or hasn't seen Planet of the Apes. -roll my eyes-
This is actually a good question and I am curious as to why this hasn't been tried, unless there is some rule in that facility about not training animals.
It wouldn't work...animals are not nearly as altruistic as humans...that bottle would be taken by the silverback (he's in charge, no other gorillas will take food from us if he is watching) and the formula would be too fatty for him, on top of a million other reasons we don't want him having it. Also, that bottle would be smashed in no time and all the little pieces could be hazardous as potential foreign bodies.Because they would totally eat the rubber nipple haha
I am aspiring to be a zoo keeper (gorillas and other great apes especially) but I am currently interning under the senior gorilla keeper. I was so fortunate to be chosen to be on the hand rearing team. The gorillas are comfortable around me, so I am able to hold the baby in their presence when he isn't on exhibit so they can spend as much time around him as possible. So I guess my title would be "gorilla au pair"
That is an amazing title, put that on your CV!
Woah that sounds like a more fun summer internship then the crap I do. How'd you land that
Come on, portmanteaus are awesome.
As an aside... we would love to hear more about what you do on .!
This is awesome!!! Thanks!!
Is this at the Pittsburgh Zoo & PPG Aquarium?  I took the family there on the weekend of the fourth, and saw a ., but this girl seemed to be incredibly depressed!  I asked my wife "How do you not have an ear to ear grin all day with that job?".
It may have been a bad day,  tantrums, refusing to eat, regression of habits and skill they were previously excelling in. I imagine a baby gorilla has many of the same issues and personality traits as human child. It can be a bumming job to have some days, being a parent.
He can definitely be difficult. And remember, he's much stronger than a human baby. .He also has teeth. And is 4 months old. And likes to use them. 
Well shit, hadn't thought about that. My 3 y/o already leaves me with bruises and does his best to break every even slightly bendable object in the house. I don't know what I would do if he had the same toddler mentality but was 3-4x stronger than he is now...
You nailed that on the head. And all 8 front teeth!
Oh, I have 3 of my own! Haha.This girl just sat there, stroking the baby, he just cuddled with her.  Later on, we saw two attendants and the baby gorilla going back and forth between them.
I would love to do exactly this once I get a handle on my depression.  Would you mind telling me what type of schooling is required?  I assume at least a B.S. in Biology or Zoology, yes?
Yes, also getting experience is key. It doesn't pay well, and it's extremely competitive. Also remember that most of the day is cleaning up poop and a little of the day is interacting with the animals. It's totally worth it for me, but it's not glamorous. Try volunteering at a zoo, check out a docent program! Good for getting your foot in the door and seeing what it is all about.Also, animals are excellent to make you feel more centered. The gorillas are my gurus!
i could have sworn you were an actress named kirsten dunst.
Was just about to say, it's pretty uncanny isn't it?
My friend said the same thing when she saw this picture. Must be my little teeth.
I see you're also raising crocs.
Good for keeping the animals from getting sick I assume.  You can scrub the shit out of Crocs and they'll be fine.  .I'm taking classes at a biosecure aquaculture facility.  When most people hear biosecurity, they think of the labs trying to keep HIV and SARS inside.  We try to keep fish and crustacean diseases outside and minimize possiblity of spreading them tank-to-tank.  Even though the students aren't touching anything, just observing, we have to scrub our shoes in a disinfectant foot bath every time we enter a room there; tends to tear the hell out of anything made of leather or cloth.  The regulations are even stricter for people actually sticking their hands in the tanks.  I'm rather surprised I don't see more Crocs to be honest.
They seems like excellent shoes for sanitary purposes. I know a fair few hospital workers who wear them for that reason.
I also spend a lot of the day switching into muck boots. Nice to let my feet breathe!
The difference between me and you is, ....I make this look good
That sentence alone was stylish enough that I'll allow it.
stingraybans? 
You are a shill that has been called out by ...To see what they wrote about you, go here:
I'm pretty sure you look good without the baby gorilla and raybans too. Almost good enough to forget the crocs.

People have funny dreams.
You can get away with almost anything with an MIB reference. 
Because of the neurolyzer?
I would use that thing to get the best snappy comeback everytime
Because hot
What's going on with his chest? I feel like something is wrong...
Your dog lifts
I think your dog is on steroids...
"Raise your hand if you shit in the house today."
Dog Five!
I'd love to have a canine work partner.
my god that dog has pec's like arnold
Whereabouts do you live? Awesome view
Do you mean the pinkish markings?
....sadly, my dog has done this more than once. :(
no, his upper chest is disproportionately enormous
Helllllllo Anthony! ;)
Awww yay I miss my rat!! <3
Ratatouille 
That is too damn cute for me even to comment on it. Oh wait...
[deleted]
Cuties!
GAYYYYYYYYYYYYY AS FUCK
Are you a mechanic named Tony? That's amazing. It's like a butler named Jeeves.


Armageddon! 
No but I know one lol
Appreciate the poem :) my wiener is now also hard
   Hammie!
Why is he so bright when the rest of the pic is dark? Cute though :)
Very cute! And the hampster is adorable too ;)

You got some bags under your eyes son
So gay I have reversed the polarity of gayness and like women :( it sucks being a gay gay man
Do you have an agreement like Ratatouille? Except that hamster makes you work on cars?
Your pocket is in good hands.
Get em' cheesers
Not enough hamsters on Reddit.
will it blend 
BEHOLD, FOR YOU HAVE CURRIED THE FAVOR OF BOO, THE ONLY MINIATURE GIANT SPACE HAMSTER.
Go for the eyes, Boo, go for the eyes.
Sqeak!
You should GET a pocket protector for that thing!
Take heart fellow adventurers, for you have curried the favor of Boo, The only miniature giant space hamster in the Realm. My friend and companion ever since my h-h-head wound, he will lead us to victory! Onward to the Gnoll Stronghold to the west! Tarry not! We must go soon! 
I feel like you're going to have lots of little poop pellets in that pocket. 
Dreamy.  Both of you.
Ummm kinda wierd for the hamster to be dreamy... Isn't it?
Look man some of us have strange urges... DON'T JUDGE ME.
Don't make it weird.
TIL Minsc' descendants are mechanics.
i tried to do that with my hamster but it hates me
Pocket hamsters are the new whales. 
Pocket Protector: This is Anthony, my free system of transportation.
Your hamster stays still for a picture? You must be a witch. 
Is he a golden syrian hammy?
Should have gone for a pocket whale. Much better protectors. 
All the misbehavin' up in this thread.
OP: Give me an upvote for having a pet. 
I'll take 6000 :)
Damnit I love Syrians. Great pets.
Is he a miniature giant space hamster?
That is incredibly cute. I can't get my hamster to sit still long enough for a picture lol
Anthony! I found you! 
HELLZ YEAH HAVENT SEEN YOU IN FOREVER
Alright there, 
You have a fantastic smile. 
Is he a Teddy Bear hamster? He looks just like the one I had a few years ago.
No he's a brown one... But seriously he's not lol that's all i know lol
I had these growing up and knew them as "golden" hamsters. :) 
Reminds me of 
"Cheesers came back."
GO FOR THE EYES, BOO, GO FOR THE EYES, RHAAAH!
Somehow I think your pocket is going to be.. less than protected when you pull him outta there.
What is he protecting your pocket from?  Rogue pens?
Scabbers?
Look at that little nose. :)
Jack Demmer Ford? I understand that reference!
He will just straight up poop in your pocket.
Hey man, we have the same name..I'm not sure if I'm talking to OP or the hamster.  I guess it's cool either way.

Both are very cute :)
DID you now...
my dad did that and got bit in the nipple. fun childhood memories.
Yeah migraines and zero sleep in 48 hours will do that :( but thanks for the concern?
How you doin'? :)
"pocket pooper" FTFY
Pocket protector needs a pocket protector from the pocket protector.

Nice smile.
Hey you're named like my name!
I too am named Anthony
And your named like mine?
Well aren't we just two peas... did your mom also get the name while watching Who's the Boss?
St Anthony more or less lol I'm 100% Italian
I'm 50% Italian, Sicillian to be exact. I'm also 100% in love with this picture and I think you should marry me and let me snuggle you and your hamster.
Are you really good at finding things? My Polish Catholic grandmother would always pray to St. Anthony if she couldn't find something she'd lost.
Aww man, I'm like 0% Italian.
We're like two peas from different pods, GOOD DAY SIR!!!
Cute pet, Cute face. 
Lady boners everywhere on this post. 
TIL that r/ladyboner viewers are just as pathetic as r/gw viewers 
That is true. I did cringe a bit while reading some of these comments. Haha
I really don't know about that..The GW comments section makes . look tame.
Its all fun and games until somebody gets shit in their pocket.
You made me check that shirt lmfao
Isn't it cruel, to contain an animal in such a constricting place..If somebody put me in their pocket I would be fucking furious, and would probably kill them
Good job you aren't a hamster, then.
Rodents will often contain themselves in tight and closed off spaces as it gives them a sense of comfort and safety.  They are prey animals (where as you are not) and they seek out places where predators cannot get to them as easily..They tend to find shirt pockets and such quite enjoyable to ride around in..Source: I have owned rats for a long time.
Ugh, that's a load off my mind, thanks buddy!!!
Dat smile
Whiskers kind of obscure it.
Its been an on going decision lol but now I know my answer :) thanks
is your brother ray?
No? 
I suddenly need my car worked on. 
That can be done ;)
Liar!  That's clearly Anthony.
Ah, the reddit didgeridoo.
_
Touch 
I, too, had a pocket protector named Fatty Patty.  She'd sleep on the job more often than not.  
Lol identical specimen :)
Go for the eyes, Boo.  Go for the eyes!
I AM THE TERROR THAT FLAPS IN THE NIGHT..Wait, wrong character.
"No! Say it is not so! We will no longer fight evil together? Boo will miss you, . Forever shall we hang our heads in sadness in remembrance of our great butt-kicking friend."
"There's a guard...
I'll snap his neck!"
Sqveeky Vheel gets the KICK!
Butt-kicking for goodness!
Camaraderie, adventure and steel on steel. The stuff of legends! Right Boo?
I came in here just for this reference.
Go for the ey..!.Oh. Oh okay. I guess I was too late. Kudos to you sir.

little coon
She's*
Aw, looks like my cat. She will grow up to be nice and fluffy.
That's so funny, my work just got a new kitty also. I work at a Chinese restaurant
ye, those 3 colored females gonne be a mean mother fucker
That Work is a lucky bastard.
all we have is birds..and a weird little hobo that smells like bananas.
*she's.contraction 
Calicos really are the prettiest domestic colour. She's going to be a stunning full grown girl! .Though - this is how we ended up with our calico (imaginatively called Calliecat) she was a 'work cat', but some kids are cruel and someone broke her leg (she 'lived' at a school). She's had a happy life since! Though she does prefer animals to people now. 
She looks like a puddle if puke.
I'm in love.
That kitten looks absolutely frightened 
She looks very young to not be with her mom.
It's so great they allow pets at the quarry. 
Kitty looks like it has the downs.

Everyone has work kittens now! How can I get in on this??
My manhood!
I want to know what force is causing this cat to get sucked into that corner.
Where do you people work
So cute. That will be once to have around 
She looks so scared :(
Did you know that 99.9% of Calico Cats are female? Any male is considered a genetic mutation!
Looks like a cat. 
Too cute!!! Would never get any work done...
How do you get any work done with something that adorable around?
Not sure if face is tiny or head is efuckingnormous ...
And I shall name you candy corn
I want to work where you work...
I WANT I WANT I WANT
 I'd marry that cat.

I have the exact cat in adult form. Complete with that back left "not-leg" of hers as we like to call it. (Since it's orange and white and the rest of her is a mix of black and orange.)
Please don't shave or trim or mess with its fur/whiskers in any way. Its fucking awesome.
I see you were previously subscribed to Cat Facts.
Thank you for subscribing to Cat Facts!
Hooray! Did you know that cats can be up to a 93 on the Octadecimal Cuteness Scale?!
Here's to work cats; giving no fucks, even at work. 
I bet she shits on company time too.
SHE'S SO FLUFFY I'M GONNA DIE
Nobody puts kitting in the corner!
Every time I think of something clever someone beats me to the punch 
welcome to my world
That's the first kitten that I've seen where I thought, 'she's going to be really pretty as an adult.'
pedophile .. .. .. . . meowwww
Why don't you have a seat in that box over there.
What company hires kitties?
The guys over at Karmafactory.
Seriously, AND allows them to go outside to take smoke breaks.
They're great for getting rid of mice on farms.

hahaha that was a good answer. 
Holy cow...uh kitten. That is the DEFINITION of cute! 
Hunting Terrier - ones zlosnye dogs!!!!
Looks like a fine gentleman! Hope you enjoy life with him :)
Good on you sir.
THOSE EYES
Psst. That "Little man" is actually a woman!
Aww looks very much like my rescue . 
Wow, he is a spitting image of my dog. Guess I know what breed she is finally. He's a handsome dog! Congrats! :)
She's beautiful! I'm sure you'll give her a wonderful life. But...how'd you manage to get clothes on her?
ahh reddit. as classy as ever
Ah the ol' Reddit fuck it, I'll get down voted to oblivion if I finish that sentence 
You didn't rescue him, someone else did.  They gave him the shots, fed hm and kept him alive.  If you didn't "adopt" him someone else would have.
All the karma to you. Good on ya.
Awe!good for you!what breed is he?
Good on you.  He looks happy..The lady is quite pretty.
He look like Padfoot. :)
So beautiful!
What a handsome fella!
He's a kelpie, roughly 10 months old. Spent most of his life in a cage. He has scarring on his neck from being attacked by other dogs at the shelter.
Even though he has had a hard start to life he is such a placid and friendly boy, he'll just need some basic training.
Poor dude:( Im glad you have him now! Best of luck with him:) he really looks like a sweet dog
good repost
Cat's going to throw a fit
I wish this gif was longer so we could see the cat freak out
that's a dangerous game you're playing friendo...
Thor and Loki- in animal form.
For some reason that dog reminds me of Dumbledore......Dumbledog. No.
haha that cat was about to loose it. 
"Don't patronize me you hairy oaf." - Cats 

I love the head shake at the end.  "Did you see that shit...?"
That's not him freaking out! He's giving the dog love!..I think...
we all knew this was gonna happen. 
Walk away dog, just walk away.
well that changed the dynamic of the initial gif.... I like yours more.
The little headshake towards the camera is priceless. "Man, he's hopeless".
"Can't fucking take him anywhere"
They either remind each other to breathe or they're pairing up to find something to destroy..I've had beagles. They aren't the brightest bulb on the chewed up Christmas Tree.
Beagles are the best dogs in the world, so naturally, if a beagle spots another beagle, they will choose dat beagle ass! 
Beagles gotta beag'.

Awww double doggies. :)
WE LIKE OUR OWN KIND!
That is because Beagles are racist... ;)
actually, it's because the other dogs are racist.
Not to be creepy, but we have the same dogs and they act the same way. Will post a pic in an hour or so when I'm home from work. 
he is adorable
What a good-looking fella :o)
Yes he is! Treasure him.
Aww, grizzly beard and all, there's still plenty of life left in those eyes.
Look at those pretty eyes.
He looks really sweet.
I can practically hear his tail going thump, thump, thump on the floor.
Very!  You are lucky to have him for so long...
He does look like an older version of ..
What kind of dog is he? Or what kind of breeds are in his mix? I've been looking at dogs and been wanting a dog with that type of wirey(sp?) hair. 
He's some sort of mix between a Terrier and Lurcher, even though he's old he can outrun our 4 year old black Lab but I'm not 100% sure.
That dog has some Irish wolfhound in it. You can tell from the wirey fur and the snout. My aunt had a mixed breed just like this.
My friend has a very similar dog his breed has been a mystery for a long time
Hi Teddy .. nice to meet you .. i'm Rich
Oh, he has the sweetest face.  
We had a dog named teddy. It is very sad story of what happend to him though. :(
Tell.
I'm on a slow mobile data connection and the title loaded before the picture. I was kind of disturbed until I noticed this was in ..
Sausage down.
They look like they're breakdancing! 
My dachshund also has a bald spot on his chest, that's a bit weird, huh?
Dat wiener...dog.
this made me laugh harder than it should have
I was about to comment on that. Give them gold chains stat!
I too have a corgi and a dachshund.  It's too much fun to watch the short little guys run around and play!
I will donate my kidney to be his neighbor. 
"Hidey ho there neighbor!" - Wilson
Dat fishbowl lens!
He likes kidneys for sure.

Oh, yeah? I will donate both my legs to be his neighbor. 
She spent hours floating around on that damn thing
Classy cat is classy
Breed? Tabby? 
I always get so jealous when I see people post pictures of their cats wearing stuff. My cat would have none of that. At all.
I'm dying of cute. Great picture, great colors.
The eyes in the reflection looks cooler.
Your windowsill is clean as shit..Cute cat.
I love the name!!
is puma his name?
This cat is handsome.
Look at his giant paws!!!
That's so cute it hurts

What, like the shoe company?
Yes it is!
That is one beautiful, stylish cat.
D'aww what a sweetie!
cute!
He looks significantly more happy than this 
Or the actual animal... (a cougar)
what? no, it says "puma" on his collar..like the large cat.
Yur makin that up. See those tow hooks? They look like tusks, and what animal has tusks? 
A walrus.
Didn't I just tell you to stop making up animals?
Bow ties are cool!
I was going to say that! ;)
The bowtie would be cuter around le cats NECk hanging from a tree cause cats suck dick just like OP
 is covered..Could not find an active sub for cats and ties sadly.  Someone should get on that.
For the buy curious 
Been an overload of racoons on the front page, not that it's a bad thing.
This is obscenely cute. 
The raccoon in the back said fuck the rules you don't own me 
Awwww look at those feets! And that face! Those are puppy dog eyes in their purest form.
did the racoons really say that?
probably more like "can i haz your food you are holding behind the camera?" ...cute as fuck though
I love raccoons. But I also hate them. I think I love them more though. Damnit
Cute little bastard just wants some grub.
awwwww RABIES!!!!
raccoons never want to just "play in the puddles."
Yeahhhhh-yuh, we can!!
What's with everyone and the racoons lately? Are they planning an invasion?
They're adorable. .However, fucking scary when you're coming home late at night and they are on their hind legs...staring at you. 
so cute
It's an adorable shot, but I can't erase all the memories of gangs of them being nasty as hell when they weren't allowed to eat my family's garbage!
What the fuck is this stupid ass picture. Racoons aren't even fucking cute, they just look like soggy pieces of poop and hair stuck together with arms and legs. Who the fuck likes this gay ass picture anyway?
Who cArsz!!

[Enter scheming raccoon meme here]
No offense to the other people here but....I would have booted his ass to the next millennium. Because when I was a kid I used to play in the woods next our house and I went to climb this tree and one of those buttfuckers bit my hand and it came flying out the hole it was in....ill never forget it.
Absolutely not. Go wash your hands it's time for supper 
but you already have?
horrid creatures. baffles me how anyone could find them adorable. 
Nice repost...
Does so.
Cute UNTIL it shows its fucking teeth
And every time one is posted we hear a sob story about how they are dangerous and/or fuck shit up. We get it they are little assholes, but they are so damn adorable!
Please stop. Raccoons are terrible.
Um No. You're a fucking Raccoon, You're probably Rabid
I've been on reddit too much. I remember that this was posted last year, except it was cropped.
KILL THEM
Rabies is not a cute disease. Aww why did you scratch my dog coon. 
[deleted]
Sqwee yes you may!
It still surprises me how the aspies on reddit can get so close to raccoons and still not have their face torn off
I have had pet raccoons all through childhood and all they have done to me is scratched me a few times. I had one names Boo that was nicer than any dog I've had.
not all raccoons are nasty jackasses
ermehgerd!!! my heart just crumbled :)

The brown one for sure
Daggit. Blonde is Norbert. 
super cute, but if you take away the adorable face, it's actually quite creepy... 

Misunderstood Raccoon. New meme?
I'm pretty sure this is the 7th time or so I've seen this photo on the front page.
A gang of these bandit faced jerks made off with my entire crop of tomatoes in the dead of night.... They weren't even ripe yet.  Don't be fooled by the cute here -> these scoundrels are BAD TO THE BONE.
Damn it. I posted this around 4 months ago and got shit karma. Fuck you OP. 
knew this was a repost 
Dude what is happening
Undeniably so.
Why do so many people think racoons are cute?  They're ugly, dangerous, and annoying as fuck to have around your residence.
It'd be great to see a HD background version of the picture. Pretty awesome photo.
i don't like their hands or feet. The rest is pretty cute, though. Until you remember they are vicious and rabid pests. 
WELL IT'S TOO LATE NOW
I always found their feet extremely creepy. It's like a tiiiiny human hand colored black...
It's so cute! It look likes it's wearing a fur pullover with matching pants.
Operation Domesticate raccoons. WORTH
he looks like Danny DeVito.
He's really saying, "What you staring at niggaaa?!".
So. Goddamn. Cute!.that i turn it as my wallpaper!
Wait..... they have opposable thumbs?
No! That's how you get polio
The calm before the rabies furry.
dem feet
Dont do it they are Jehovah's witnesses in disguise. Stahp
Tiny people hands :) 

I melted.
They are so cut till you remember that they have the same amount of fingers and toes that you do, then your like bitch please your not as cool as me racoon
"Hello Sir! Can I interest you in some rabies?" 
They can play in the puddle of mush that my heart just melted into 
Do what ever the fuck you want I've never even seen you two raccoons before
I WANNA PLAY YOU PUNCHIEESS!
Yarldm :D
--says Danny DeVito Racoon
Jk I'm actually super rabid and gonna eat your face like bath salts. Who didn't listen to their parents about raccoons and daytime?!
Yes you can!
Da toes... 
Wuz up, two-legs!
I used to feed a family of raccoons..It was a mother and three little ones. She'd wait until they all ate to get food for herself, I left them alone, the cats stayed far away and they didn't seem to mind me watching curiously..I think they're intelligent enough to understand a threat or the absence of one, and where, or who the source of free food is.
just like a kid...always asking for permission AFTER the fact!!!!
That raccoon's face is so sincere.
For some reason their facial expression reminds me of gnomes or dwarves.
Don't know why, But the little guy reminds me of Gimly.
Rakins! That's what those fuckers are!
This has been my phone background for over a year. 
I've never noticed what amazing little hands and feet they have. Very nimble by the looks. 
Dat title
TIL Raccoons limbs are creepy as fuck.
...before we eat your face!
Of course you 'coon guys 
He forgot to bring a towel.
The 'coon on our right reminds me of Rob Zombie.  
So cute, that's EXACTLY what he looks like he's saying.
Well done.
Awe look at their people-paws :3
I really don't think the Racoon asked this, he's already wet. OP lied. 
I can see why Mario likes to dress up as these guys and fly around. 
I swear, raccoons will be the next species to evolve opposable thumbs
Fuckin raykins are eating all my dope!
His back feet are so cute. 
Woah, those things have people hands!
For some strange fucking reason, this picture reminded me of .It's gotta be the innocent confused stare. 
are these creatures becoming pets in your region?
Racoons are adorable, yet very destructive. .I would want a racoon as a pet if it wasn't so destructive.
hands and feet creeped the fuck out of me
I immediately though this was Vancouver... And for the one time in my life I was correct!
i guess you just did? nom, you cant?

Meeko!
 
Rocket Raccoon  
I've never noticed how cute their feet actually are. They're like tiny .. And those thumbs are almost opposable! Cats are way behind on the world domination thing with those clumsy feet of theirs.
You don't need thumbs if your lackeys have them.
ahhhhhfoothands
I don't know, /can/ you? 
...may I? 
I love raccoons because they are so cute and devious.  My family has had a family of raccoons that vacation in our house every year. We had an addition built several years ago and added a laundry room on the other side of the wall.  Well, instead of fixing the wall with the window into a solid wall...my lazy ass brother just sealed the window and wall up. So now, when you look out the window you actually see the wall framing from floor to ceiling.  We started hearing Mama Raccoon rambling around and each year she has 2 or 3 babies and they all stay for a few weeks.  They would start to notice us and would put their paws on the glass. Ours are very sweet.
TL:DR   Family of raccons have lived in our see through wall/window for years.
raccoon hands and feet freak me the fuck out
Weird feet. 
:(.I wasn't sad about the two dead raccoons i saw on the road on the way to work until i saw this picture :( :(
They're in the giant trashcan in the sky.
And 10 seconds later these cute things are attacking the camera man because racoons are crazy.....
I've made a huge mistake.
This is the cute look he uses to draw you closer so he can rip your face off.
Master level of cuteness achieved. 
Doesn't he know to take the flippers off when getting out of the pool.
It appears as though you already have. 
I never knew a raccoons feet are so weird
He's just distracting the cameraman with cute while his comrades raid the premises. You can see his buddy attempting to outflank the "awwww'ed" victim. 
Raccoons have the scariest feet.
They are the wet bandits!
Yes, raccoons are cute, but they will fuck up your property. No one ever gets this.
Fucking raykins
I want to downvote because it's a repost but its too darn cute!
I want to hold this little creature's paw. 
No, you filthy raccoons. Go play in the trash like the other raccoons.
Those................. hands..
he's actually thinking "please don"t shoot"
their feet look fucking weird.
A
This has almost brought me to tears; one of . fondest memories in life is of a scene similar to this. When my parents and I got off the plane from Vietnam into America for the first time, it was raining and two raccoon just like these were in a puddle. My mother told me run from them, as they might carry Rabies or something similar. This song was blaring from a car in the background and my mom always played it after . Thank you Reddit <3
I've seen this picture before, but that raccoon's face just makes me melt, so I must upvote it.
Why do those toes and fingers creep me out so much? O___O

Their feet look like those rubber sticky things from the 80s that you got out of the gumball machines that had a long tail attached to a hand and you throw it out and it would stick to something like the wall or piece of paper. Either that or black licorice gummy hands.
I like Raccoons and this is cute but their hands creep me out.
Like a glove?
if it fits... you must acquit
This is a very cute picture. Unfortunately, these raccoons are obviously begging for food. This means they have been fed before and are no longer afraid of humans. This is not good.
I am absolutely enthralled by animals with little hands. racoons, squirrels ohhhh I wish I could think of more. 
Gorrilas, geckos, tree frogs, lemurs, tarsiers. There's gotta be more!
Little bandit stole my heart.
There are a lot of racoons at my job, fascinating creatures.  Watching them makes the time pass by quicker but I feel bad when they are rummaging through the garbage.
We got a raccoon named Piper, it has like 4-5 babies and she took one up in the tree the other day and came down when she heard our hose running. We call that water sports.
What?
dawww :3 who knew racoons could look so cute?
they are like tiny masked cats with hands. such strange little things. 
More like tiny bears.  They are Ursine I believe. 
I want to shake his raccoon hands
"He made me go in. I didn't want to, but he made me!"
He looks like a little robber. I wonder what he burgled
Up-vote for burgled!!!!! Love this word! Why don't we use it more?
Because people let the word 'burglarized' happen...
Fucking americans with your favourite letter (Z)..Seems you guys feel the need to use it as often as possible.
Tragic.
You could almost say it was . and the word 'burglarized' was left in it's place... ayukyukyuk
heyooooo!!
I wish raccoons were domesticated
You can definitely domesticate them! My dad came across some baby ones on our farm, and because their eyes were still closed, we were able to raise them and play with them. They were some of my favorite pets!
I wonder if they could do the same they did with these russian foxes?
Ok, ok, they look cute but these guys are little assholes! The will get in your shit! I had one who would break into my laundry room where we stored our dog food IN a metal trash can with a lid on it. When it was cold outside sometimes he would sneak in and sleep in the can after eating his fill and scare the shit outta me in the morning when I went to get food for the dogs. Ok, ok, they are awesome food stealing, me scarring, ninja animals! .edit: punctuation.
Also, rabies..If they come near my home they get shot, end of story. 
Once when I was younger, I had a few pet rabbits out in a shed in some cages attached to a wall. Somehow some raccoons got inside, and pulled the rabbits feet through the cage bottom and chewed them off. 
I had chickens and they would pull their heads though the chainlink and eat their heads off.
See that's just awesome though.  Any animal that can break into my house is welcome.
[deleted]
They eat cats, too.
Yeah, they kill cats and dogs. :/ even large dogs. 
DO THEY REALLY??? Ok, I was starting to feel . bad about one I hit tonight (a line of FIVE of them ran in front of me going 50 with a jackass in my tailgate, it was me or them!) but if they're kitty cat eaters I might.....might....be able to clear my conscience. .I've never killed a mammal before! Ugh :(
That's what my dad always used to say. Not much of a citation. :-) The wiki article on them says they do eat vertebrates.
I dunno about that, haven't ever heard of that happening and my large dog used to decapitate whatever poor coon he caught within seconds and with ease.  Raccoons are pretty damn tough but they're not badgers, and they're no match for a hardnosed dog.  My cat would have disagreements with them from time to time but they never did more than a threat display toward him as far as I know.
If you care to search for it, you can readily find grisly proof that raccoons do indeed sometimes prey on cats.
Well, they really can kill a large dog. They latch onto the bottom of the dog's neck and go for the jugular. 
If it makes you feel any better, think about how non aware you are when you are half asleep. Then remember the raccoons are even less evolved than us, they are pretty damn close to machines
They actually did try to go for my dog last summer, then my mom went outside and they attacked her when she got them away from him. Bit her on the leg and she had to get rabies shots.
Rarely. They go more for berries and such. They do, however, defend themselves if cornered by a dog or territorial cat. 
That's what I meant. They certainly don't go hunting for our pets. 
Ok now I REALLY don't feel bad about accidentally hitting one tonight. What fiends! Bunny feet? Chicken heads?? Nature sucks sometimes. 
Nature sucks all the time. Nature is fucking brutal. 
Wild animals have no concept of human roads, especially since we put them through their natural habitats. .I don't agree with any of what you said. They are timid and terrified of everything by nature. I had a family of them living under our deck and it took years of them seeing us before they were comfortable enough to even let us look at them. Eventually they would come out and (timidly) eat out of my hand. Had outdoor cats and everything and the only time there was a cat related issue is when our asshole cats would try to scare them off which always led to the racoons hauling ass up a tree. 
[deleted]
It's always sad to me that not everyone likes or respects animals. .I . the lives of three of these "furry rats" and would do it again in a heartbeat. :) 
Aww so cute!! Encouragedissent may hate cute fuzzy animals but I do not. Did the "furry rats" end up ok?
Glad to hear! :) 2/3 ended up reaching maturity and being happy re-released into the wild. One of them has stuck around and frequently visits for treats. The poor runt was not so lucky :/
yep, this was my experience as well.
Years ago, we had an inside/outside cat that would hunt raccoons. I am not kidding here. She loved people, even complete strangers, she would bare her belly to, but other animals -fuck them. We had a husky/wolf hybrid on the property, and she dominated that poor dog. Regularly, we received raccoon and nutria parts as presents. Yuck. 
Yeah, these guys can look as cute as they want.  I'm still going to shoot them.  Raccoons are fucking assholes.
My dad trapped one in a cage once, and then threw it in the water near our house. Shit was fuuuucked up.
My folks poisoned them with rat poison.  Rat poison is fucked.
Not sure why youre getting downvoted.... racoons are asses. And straight up dangerous vermin.
Well, you gotta do what you gotta do to eat...
My friend told me to put red pepper in the garbage in the garbage to get them to go away.  I'm not going to season the trash for them, but I also don't want to put rat poison in just yet.  There has to be a better solution.
What's wrong with seasoning your trash?
That's all fine and well but you wouldn't be saying that if . were the one crapping your pants at 5:30 in the morning! lol =)
Stop redditing, mom. You're embarassing me.
My heart! 
Raccoons do no ask permission. They do's as they pleases. 
he's begging for forgiveness, not permission.

That question is clearly redundant.
They thinks they beavers!
The right one is daggett and left one is norbert.
The other night I was woken up by a family of raccoons outside my window, and they were being extremely loud.  So I shined a flashlight and made some loud banging noises and they just looked up for a second before going back into the garbage.  I thenGot out of bed half asleep went around to the side and the little bastards were gone without a trace.  Assholes are worse then my roommates.  Story time over.

George deserves better.
theyre goddamn assholes 

I immediately added "is that okay with you, motherfucker?" to the title once I saw the picture.
They also never do anything this cute for me. They just eat my garbage. 
Where do they find cute raccoons? It's all scampering and hissing when I find them. 
Simply a distraction...the rest of them are rooting through your campsite for food. 
and then they will give you the . and scurry away . to one another
Or turn into a statue
... what?
Nope, that'd be tanukis (or tanooki as SMB3 spelled it).Source: I'm a raccoon

Legendary Japanese raccoon-dog with gigantic sized testicles..No, I'm not kidding. 
When I went camping with my girlfriend one time, they managed to open up the zipper on our tent as we were sleeping. They only managed to open it enough to get a paw through and began pulling on a small duffel bag, but I was frantically awoken by my gf yelling that there were raccoons in the tent and I saw some small black object moving in the darkness. In that split second, I resigned myself to the fact that I was going to have to bludgeon some poor raccoon to death with a hammer we kept in the tent. Thankfully, they didn't actually make it in. 
you wouldn't have had to.  I've fed wild raccoons by hand before.  You can make them run away as long as they're not rabid or something.
That's not the only hammer you had in the tent. Lol amirite? Heh heh...I've been on Reddit too long. I'll see myself out. 
Great, thanks to you I have a flight of the conchords' song stuck in my head now
My neighbor leaves cat food out, because she owns a cat. About 2 weeks ago I was on my/our porch drinking a beer and smoking a cigarette and I heard what sounded like the cat, whom I've grown accustomed to, eating the cat food. Within about 4 mins or so I called out the cat's name and peered to my left and I saw an unfamiliar tail. I shined the LCD of my phone and realized it was a Raccoon. It just looked back at me as it heard/seen me approaching and went back to eating the cat food. So, I hopped up and got a mag-lite from inside my house, because  I was amazed it would come so close to me. As I opened the door to video the critter with the flashlight(no flash on device) the raccoon stopped eating the cat food and became interested In the drink I had poured next to the beer. I had to bang on my screen door to prevent it from licking the straw placed in the glass. 
yeah... they're not really terrified of you, but they're usually cautious.  If you don't give them a reason to leave they'll hang out, do what they do and eventually get bold enough to come investigate you a little bit.  Don't try to pet them like a little dog though, they can take your finger.  Just give them a little respect, keep a little caution of your own and you can have a lot of fun with them.
I've always been told if a wild animal isn't afraid of you, they are most likely rabbid... But, yeah, I researched it since then and am thinking I shouldn't of scared him off because the little guy hasn't been back since. 
Most wild animals are not rabbid..That said, it's both of your interest for the wild animal to not be your friend.  Healthy amount of fear between you will keep you safe (if you need it) and will also keep THEM safe..Not everyone is kind hearted and animals should watch out for humans that could hurt them
Not sound advice.  They are dangerous wild animals.  Stay away and scare them away with wavy baseball bats/golf clubs.  Plus they harbor shitloads of fleas and other vermin.    .That said...they are damn cute.  
well sometimes in this life you just gotta take your chances.  I survived lol
I've always heard to avoid raccoons during the day. Being that they are nocturnal, if they are all active and wandering around during the day, they are most likely rabid.
Unless chickens are involved. Racoons feel they're entitled to chickens- I chased after one when I was 12, hit it over the head with a shovel, and it gave me a look like 'C'mon man, they're chickens, chill the fuck out' and then while I drew back the shovel for another swing, scampered off. That motherfucker haunts my dreams to this day..City folks don't have the . to describe growing up country.
I'm going to be honest... I hate chickens.  They're asshole animals and they deserve to be eaten.  It's why I could never be a vegetarian..But that might have just been all the chickens my friends family raised..Asshole birds... let the coon have them
literally laughed out loud at that, as someone growing up round the woods, can definitely agree
Hence the bandit maskses. 
Yeees, preciouus, the maskses.
hences*
Bahaha.  Look at it's stupid feet.  
I know, what kind of useless animal has five long digits?!
This is the bit that got me. Their hands look like tiny gloved human hands. They're even more like burglars now!
The FEEEET haahaah
I don't know about you, but I'd rather have another pair of hands as feet. I think we as a species got shorted out.
I don't know why this comment made me laugh so much, but I'm having a bad day. So thank you.
I'm just drunk

Well, all feet are just shit hands.
Gah, whats this from?
It's from the standup that was posted on . a couple of days ago. I would link it, but I'm on my phone. 
Sounds like a Karl Pilkington quote. 
From that skinny, self depricating, one-liner, Brit, braces-wearing, comedian.
Its feet
=(  I majored in English too.  Sad, sad day.  
It is feet.
Feet, is it?
Feet it is.
fetish is it? 
It is known

How is that i can smell this jpg?

Exactly what I thought of!!

The picture reminds me of . book..My kids love it!.(ok, maybe it's me who loves to read it to them...)
I knew it was in Stanley park!
FTFY.
Anddddddddddddddddd it's a repost
Andddddd you're down voted into oblivion
People don't like it when you call their posts out. Whoops.
Reminds me of angry beavers!!!
So why not just post the original link in the OP?
Shot with a 20mm lens. That means the photographer had to get reeallly close.
Scratching distance
I think he (or she... I'm sorry I don't know which) did a great job capturing the raccoon's really unique hands. In a BBC film I saw (Mammals I think the series was called), they showed how the raccoons have such a great dexterity from ultra-sensitive hands.  These little monsters have eyeballs attached to their feet!
Their name derives from a Powhatan word that translates to "scratches/feels with hands.
"
.
Good on ya, OP
OP is raccooning my respect.
Dear Diary,.Today, OP was a pretty cool guy. 
Dear Diary, today OP harvested both link and comment karma.  Quite the haul for a day's work.
bad on you, imgur thieves
another reddit scum stealing credit
Dem paws make me melt
Baby red panda's are amazing. 
You know your roommate didn't get that cat JUST to hunt mice.. He/she wanted kitty cuddles.
Please be sure the mice the cat is catching aren't poisoned or infested with something. I think humane traps and taken to another part of the city is a better option. 
He's a pretty macho dude so he'd never admit it but... That's totally why 
bah!!! want want want!!!
Damn, that's cute
You should have left that creature on Endor where you found it.
It's so cute it doesn't even look real.
My adopted-stray calico passed away last year, and I never got to see her as a kitten (only a hardened dumpster cat that learned to love)..I imagine this is what she would've looked liked before her life on the streets began.
This is actually a slideshow of the watching of The Red Wedding scene.
-Cat
Too...much...........I...can't.....deal................adorable baby kitten.......................
Holy shit that is cute. I'm gonna go punch a wall now. 
I had a bad day and this put a smile on my face.  Thank you.
Awww!! Can't.take.it.too.cute.
Now I have my own karma queen chris, it's on
Reminds me of a baby Ewok
I love ewoks <3
She is a tortedo (tortie/tuxedo), the best of all cat coat colors
That eye to head ratio is somethin' else.
I too have a hardened dumpster cat who I imagine would look just like this kitty as a baby! I am going to go give her a great big hug (and she's not going to like it) :) 
We gave ours a dinosaur nickname: Stegalomegalodumpsterdon..Her real name was Mia.
Is this a calico cat?
calico cats are awesome!!!
That's how they get ya.
I'm showing this to my dad later. This guy looks just like his cat.
now if it only had boobies....
It looks so delicious
This is the most adorable thing I have ever seen. I had a fight with my girlfriend and this made me completely forget about that and anything else. I dont think i have ever seen anything cuter
That feeling would be your oxytocin levels going apeshit.
Pleased to have helped! 

OMG So many calicos! I wish I could hug this whole thread.
Normally I don't get all emotional over kitty pictures, and I love kitty pictures....but this on is so adorable!
that'd make a good stew.
What a bundle of furry cuteness!
The last panel looks to me like he's going "Oh, are you looking at me? I am pretty cute, eh?" "...Yes. Yes, you are very cute."
Get it some boots and a Shrek doll!
Aww, Mine looks almost Identical.
"u like dis show?" "i like it too." "like it very much."
I kinda feel like all the cute animal pictures people post kind of blend together and now ive become desensitized to animal cuteness.  But god damn, that is cute.
She'd make a beautiful coat. 
What is it about baby animals that make them so CUTE!?  Cats, dogs, elephants, heck even baby penguins are cute!
I used to feel that way, then I saw a baby flamingo... 
Just look at her adorable belly.    so sweet.
Daddy's little girl.
Super cute calico! 
reminds me so much of my cat. i love it! 
Oh wow it's like a short haired glimpse into the future!!! STOKED.
Damnnnn dat a fine pussy 
super cute ^_^
For much a short amount of words you got my attention and I'll bet she totally did! 
You mean Iota Geminorum IV?
DO NOT feed her after midnight
I hope to god they named her gizmo.
[deleted]
Have you ever seen Gremlin's? The store owner tells the guy not to feed his pet after midnight or shit will get crazy. It's... It's a lot better when you've seen it...
She looks like she's watching a scary movie. Pic 1, "I can't look!"  Pic 2,  "ooo, it's gonna be scary."  Pic 3, "Is the scary part over daddy?"
I can't imagine a kitten being a very good cook.
you are retarded.
After reading through your comment history you don't seem to get reddit.
you do not comprehend reality.
fight me IRL bro.
Your funeral.
Your cremation.
your stupidity is no accident, it is your birthright!
Your lack of capitalization is yours!

 she went to a very nice home :D
OH! Did you carry her out of a burning building? 
lol no. mom abandoned the liter outside my apartment window lol It was about 28 degrees that night poor things. 

So much fluff. Cannot handle. 
wadda fluffy belly
I dare you to pet it.

Is this a specific breed? Or just an extremely fluffly calico cat?.Either way, I want to own one. 
I don't know her breed exactly...her mother was killed :( 
My vet has called her a tortoise shell, but I've heard her called calico as well. Perhaps calico refers to the colors and tortoise shell refers to the pattern, or something. Mine is a domestic short hair of some kind.
The fur pattern is tortoise shell, or tortie, and is a variation of calico that only occurs in females. I have one too! 
OMG twins! Adorable!!!!
double heart attack!
Holy Hell! That's so adorable I have to go kill and bury a hobo just to balance things out
Seriously, after being subjected to so many cute things my standards of cute have become ridiculously vigorous.  This one gets at A+ for actually making me aww out loud..That being said, I want to smush it and smother it with kisses :3
When I first saw her I couldn't even breathe! Only 2 weeks old, little charmer.  
I just want to crush it
Hahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!!! 
"Hes dead, Jim."
You named a boy cat Fergie........?
The name fits... Fergie the "singer" also looks like that.
Finally my username is relevant.
Is she fergalicious?
This (to me) screams for a caption... maybe, BLARG I AM DED?
Derrp.
only in China.
PARTY HARD!!!
Looks more like ..
I love his name.

The derp is strong in this one. 
Please tell me that at some point you have seen his awake face...
So cute! My Ella puppy makes this face as well. The pic is posted to my profile. 
Mein Maine Coon also does that face :) Awesome breed.
I assume the cat pissed itself and that is how you came up with the name?  Also, my puppy makes a similarly adorable face when sleeping.
bae caught me slippin'.
Tell him to close his eyes when he sleeps. Jeez
My cat sleeps with her eyes slightly open too, a little strange.
That cat is fucking dead
i . believe you passed up the chance to call her Furgie.
derpin all day all night
Are you sure that's not his dead face?
yep. That looks like Fergie alright
The epitome of KTFO.
;P 
Fergilicious definition: make them boys go loco... 
Awww.  Resting derp face.
LOL SOOO ADORABLE! 
Im getting my daily dose of kitten cuteness right now :p
AHHH SO CUTE
I'm so tempted to get another kitten
Super cute but you should remind him to take his contacts out when he goes to sleep
Pretend dead.
Or is he really dead? 
Hungover 
Reminds me of my dogs sleeping face 
My ex's huge black cat used to do the whole 'sleeping with an eye open' thing and it always creeped me the hell out for some reason.
Please tell me his full name is ferguson.
Hes full name is ferguson :)
here's hoping.
Well, I named my kitten Ferghus...
AND AN UPVOTE FOR YOU! What a creative, unique, and absolutely wonderful name for any living creature ;)
For Joe Ferguson?
Sure, why not.  It's just that I feel Fergie by itself is a little too feminine for a male beast of the night.
Why people downvote the most honest comments? 
I feel like my kitty fits in here
My cat Evita has only one eye left to sleep with. She likes to sleep with ..
Oh my gosh. He's adorable! Edit: phone
My pups, too: ., 
I know most ginger kitties are boys, but this one is a girl. I have her sister too. 
Good heavens they're so precious! Sorry for assuming; I have a ginger kitty and his name is George :D
dont be sorry for such a simple assumption ya pussy
I had no idea that someone named . would be so rude. Silly me.
Don't be rude for such a simple assumption ya dick
u are 1 fucking cheeky kunt mate i swear i am goin 2 wreck u i swear on my mums life and i no u are scared lil bitch gettin your mates to send me messages saying dont meet up coz u r sum big bastard with muscles lol fuckin sad mate 
lol wat
It's trying to communicate,what do we do?
Waaathaaaaaaaaaaaap
.
Pure heat stroke, maybe.
Louie's blow job face.
She looks amazing for 20! 
My oldest is getting up there too (Same looks as well), and I feel the same way. 
The one on the left:."Eh, I've eaten bigger." 
Yeah your cat is baked man.
They look hungry for that crunchy bug!
The cat on the left is Good Guy Greg's cat.
"I'll have you know that I have BOTH of my testicles."
His owner must whisper "You are a bad ass motherfucker" while he sleeps.
Is that a tiny horn growing out of it's head?!
I'm going to force my dog to breed with it... Even if they're the same gender
Looks like a head with widdle feets
Yea when he stands there looking at me straight on he's always reminded me of .   
Squirrel Parkour.
When I was a kid I was out on my paper run early one Sunday morning, turned a corner and heard this weird scrabbling sound that made me shit my pants, bastard squirrel was clung to a roughcast wall like this and knocking some of the little stones out. 
Spider-Squirrel. Spider-Squirrel. Does what ever a spider squirrel does.
Clementine will remember that
So adorable!
She looks so embarrassed! I hope she got more treats.
tell me this dog's name is "eeyore." if it isn't, consider changing it. 
You tricked her into letting you steal her soul with your evil pitco box... you evil, evil person.
She did! This is about after three months of coaxing. 
My dogs are the exact same way! I have a great dane named Molly, and she absolutely hates cameras. She won't let anyone take her picture. I have a yorkie named Jon-Boy and he runs away every single time you take one out. But my third dog, a golden retriever named Harley, LOVES cameras. She tries to be in the spotlight every time I take one out. I don't understand.
Worth it!!
I think it's the shutter sound. I noticed that if I muffle it she doesn't care as much. 
Does she still get scared if the camera is a smartphone without a shutter click sound?
nope
what a dog, the one on the left...
"Why do you have to be in every picture you take, lady?"
OP's inbox = bared meat.
[deleted]
My dog's called Bear too!
He looks like Scooby aw.
THAT FUCKING JOWL
My girl commented that it looks like a dog from a Norman Rockwell painting.  
aww he's so adorable! 
Those eyes...my heart melts when my dog does that!  
Aw, Bear reminds me of those old pound puppies with those eyes of his.  
Funny name for a girl...
Bear is pretty cute, but I'd rather meet you ;D
Which one is bear?
hey girl heyyyy
Bear is beautiful, but what's the dog's name?
I'd rather meet kitty. Get me?
hey there... how you doin'?
I'd rather meet YOU
Ah nice, what's the dog's name...hey-o!
I wanna meet you!
The lack of top-rated comment regarding the girl disappoints me...
Do you come with Bear? that'd be a steal and a deal!
Hey, Bear I love your dog, it's adorbz.
Checking the eyes, then checking the rack 
My dog is not called bear. Meat Bear and Meat Beer sound terrible. But I would like to double dog bear you to meet my bare meat. 
Yeah, it really bums me out when . is focused on animals rather than creeping on their owners.
Your camera doesn't work unless your in the picture too I guess. 
Deja Vu. I swear I have seen this picture on the front page before.
Odd name for a woman
whaddya feed her?
Why did this get downvoted? The dog looks perfectly healthy and very happy. It's not unreasonable to guess that it's due to its diet. Why the hell are people pouncing on you?
Look at this picture of meeeeeeee
Bear's mom is cute.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Hi Bear, all I want to do is kiss your sweet little face.
The girl is nice too. 
No matter how many times I see it, amazes me still. Guy takes a picture of animal the animal is in the photo, Girl takes a pic of animal she has to be in the photo of the animal.
WHEEE SEXISM 
lol then i get a white knight post from a guy named SMEZXYMAYN6969.... 
Is dog, not bear.
Love the way he's looking at you. Makes the pic.
"Why are you in my picture?  This is my moment, human."
dem eyes.

Aww, S/he reminds me of Scooby Doo!
Such a cute dog. 
Nancy Botwin???
My Bear is cuter 
I would have named him Goliath....because he has a face that says, "Gee Davey,  I don't think God would like us doing this...."
cute...  what's the dog's name?
NO BEAR!!!
Dog eyebrows. <3
No meat, No bear
I used to have a dog named Bear. Half German Shepard, half Golden Retriever. He died about 7 months ago. :(
Named my dog "Bear" today, priceless. 
The dogs like, "Mom, I don't want to take a picture!"
Anyone else reminded of Franka Potente?
I love the name Bear for dogs
No that's a dag.
Bear does not look impressed by OP's shenanigans
Misleading title. That is clearly a puppy =)
I have ALWAYS wanted to get a chocolate lab and name it Bear.... that wont happen anytime soon, but I hope your Bear is amazing!
Who's bear, left or right?
That dog is looking at bear
I'm glad my family isn't the only one that named their dog bear.
Caption contest. Go!
I fear the human will eat me.
"The bear! The bear!
And the maiden fair!"
How adorable.  I really like your dog too!
Both have big pretty eyes
Nice! What's the dog's name?
I'd prefer to meet you?
OP is the dog and named his human bear. That's one cute bear! 
I like your earings, Bear.
[deleted]
I like that even before someone calls you sexist, you're whining about TEH MENZ.
Hi Bear. What's your dogs name?
Mighty pretty to be named bear, cute dog too! .Edit: apparently downvoters don't agree? Assholes! 
Lol good one.
Cute.  The dog's not bad either.
THATS A DOG!
This is not a bear. This is a dog.
ITT: Creeps
ITT: creeps who point out that there are creeps in this thread. 
ITT: Creeps who point out creeps pointing out c.... ffs
That's my puppy's name too
Is there a female version of . ? There should be.
Quit sexualizing women! It's only okay to objectify men on reddit!
hey! I know you!
yay!
I literally aww'd :p. 
Congratulations on making me actually go "aww" out loud.
Meet bear =/= Meat bear. I got excited. :(
The best would be "meat beer."
Nice to meet you.  What is the dogs name?
What's the right one called?
Cute.  The dog looks nice.  
I wish I had two up votes 
Terrible name for such a fine bitch. 
Sooo much karma in this photo. You can almost taste it.
What's Bear gonna name that puppy?
10/10 would bark
Seems like "bear" is very trendy on here.. also it looks like he has a human paw. One last thing. He is too cute! Good day.
That is one epic side-eye he's giving you. "MOOOOMMMMMMMM."
Foolproof plan for Reddit Karma: a) Be a hot girl or have a cute pet. b)  Post a picture of self or pet. c) No context need to be given for photo; the less said the better. For double bonus points combine photo of both.
Bear looks like he loves you!
I also have a dog named Bear.. Alaskan Malamute.
I love the way he is looking at you.  So sweet.
He's looking at you as if to say "Oh mommy, you always photobomb me!"
anytime a dog is named bear, i just think of that episode of Louie where he adopts Bear from the shelter, but the dog dies even before his kids get home from their mom's.
OH MY GOD THAT FACE. I think my feels just melted everywhere.
Rein it in; she's wearing a wedding ring.
lol it's a class ring.
Obviously I meant the dog :P
Bear: "Seriously human, I'm sick of your bullshit"
My dog's name is bear too! 

Oh hi there, Nakoa. .(This is Seth) 
Hi Seth!
Meat beer.
You beat me to it by 8 minutes..Somebody give this man an upvote!
Came to say this
Someone get this man a brewery.
Cue "you got a friend in me"
Somewhere out there, there's a bear named dog.
no thats dumb , bears should be named bear and dogs should be named dog coz its to confusing. (u dont see a bear named dog on skyrim do u) (no, becoz i play skyrim so i would know)
Shut up, child. 
What kind of dog?
FUCK ME, RIGHT?
I can't upvote hard enough.
Trick question, it's a bear.
your a bear!
Negative votes getting ya down? Pretty sure it's the gramma nazi. (you're => you are a bear) :D .Note: Sorry I'm drunker than before.
You win some you lose some I guess, have a fun drunken night!
And my a bear.
Your face is a bear!
Your face hard to beer. 
3/4 rottweiler and 1/4 bullmastiff :]
This is probably a stupid question, but how is that possible? His mother was a rottweiler and his father a rottw/bullm? I don't understand.
Exactly
What's the name of the dog?
Ahh the ol reddit howdoyoudo
What does that mean?
Hello bear? This is dog.

I agree. OP can test. In 1 month, post the same picture with you edited out and compare upvotes. C'mon. It's for science! Go Team Venture! (the last bit is random, but I felt it appropriate. (because I'm really drunk now)).
Lol! So true.
The truth hurts. Have an upvote.
Had a friend that would post pictures of her trips on FB. Every picture was like a selfie, she could not get it through her head, that she was blocking everything she was trying to show. "Look what i see!".. "We dont know, all we see is your face, what is it?" "OMG GUYS HOW DO YOU NOT KNOW" 
 
"ohh you"
Read this as "meat beer." I was severely disappointed.
IMed a friend and told him, "I just saw the words "meet bear" on a website and my brain at first completely insisted that it was "meat beer". I saw it for like 3 seconds. That was some serious brain power at work.".He replied, "That just happened to me while reading your message. MEAT BEER.".I then realized that I should read the reddit comments, knew we couldn't be alone.

Oh you!
I read your name as medicare side burns.
Came here to say this. Was not disappointed by reddit's average level of reading comprehension.
Let's talk investments. This is a product I could get behind.
Mmmmm...delicious dyslexia.
dyslicious deslexia
Symptuous sunecdoche
Man, I did the exact same thing.  Probably has something to do with it being midnight here and my eyes are closing...
lol
So two dyslexic guys walk into a bra...
Let the humping commence.
For a dog that got his balls removed at birth (due to a hernia), he sure loves humping things 
classic jasper
Al Bundy to be exact.
He is the person
More like a drunk dude. 
Freckles (left) is 12 and Ringo (right) is 8 weeks! 
Just so everyone knows before they think I am a terrible person, he has no collar or tag and no mark on his hair where a collar would have been. I am also taking him to the vet to get scanned for a microchip. I am exhausting all methods of finding the owner before I assume responsibility.
Awww!! But he probably belongs to someone. You don't really see these kinds of dogs as strays. My dog used to dig her way out of our yard and I always incredibly grateful to those that brought her back (9 times out of 10, she came back herself). Until the one time this lady chose to keep her. But when my dog wasn't getting along with her dogs she called me AFTER she took my dog to the pound (she lived close by, she just didn't want me know who she was). 
He had no collar or tags or anything but taking him to see if he has a microchip and I live in the area I found him so are going to keep eyes peeled for posters. Just hope I get to keep him. He's soooo adorable!!
He looks abit like a seadog, arr!
Cold? At this time of year? Where do you live, Antarctica?
Sweet little baby. Bet you can't keep your hands off of her.
A lot of r/aww comments spam the words cute and adorable, so I hate to be another one, yet this is truly the cutest and most impressive thing I've seen here in a while. Thanks for what you do for animals :). 
We appreciate your thanks, but being able to play with these dogs when we pick them up and while we are fostering them is its own reward. 
What?! My puggy loves the water! He cries when I'm running a bath and he can't get in it. He starts pulling on the lead when he knows he is close to the shallow part of the river and when he is having a bath, he lies down and drinks all the water haha
I don't know why, but after reading the title I just thought of a big fan that is full of water.  And that your friends pug, is surely not that.  . 
That is too cute. I'm so happy I get to see my doggie tonight!
what a cold hearted bitch! Stealing other people seats. 
OP: That's my seat. 5 minute rule..Piper: Naw you good. YOU sit on the ground and let me know how it goes. k? 
gorgeous dog
She sounds just like my sister Piper
Rottweilers are awesome! My roommate's dog is a 95 lb overgrown puppy. Freaks put guests and delivery people, until they realize the worse you have to fear is drooling if she uses your leg as a pillow.
That's because you never trained it as a puppy to not jump on things.  Can't teach an old dog new tricks. Ha
Cute! My big girl's name is Piper too, she's a Mastiff. 
Can relate, my Dobermann is exactly the same. It's very cute, but somewhat annoying. 
She is so pretty and looks extremely majestic.
Well, it's obvious from her posturing that she's a LADY. Ladies do not sit on the ground.
"hmmm...you don't say."
If she steals my seat, she can have it.
Check: Does it fit?
Result: It fits.
Action: Then it sits.
My German Shepard does the same.  She sat at the dinning room table and my Grandmother gave her a plate before we could usher the dog away. 
You def need to buy her her own chair. 
I used to have a Rottie.  Best. Dog. Ever.  She would sit like that on my lap.  Enjoy your dog!
So pretty!
Our dog is named Piper! Never met another dog with that name. My grandfather sold industrial pipe for a living so we named her after him. 
"Chair dibs"
"I think not!"
"...bitch"
piper needs to learn shes a dog.
Pretentious bitch. Good show.
That looks like one self-entitled bitch.
 
Hah, I have a sneaking suspicion that this might be a common theme with larger dogs.
I know, we've had two and they are absolutely huge puppies! I don't think I've ever seen a human pout as much as my dog has. If you ignore her when you walk through the door she'll "talk" at you until you give her the attention she deserves.
We had two as well, when I lived with my parents.  I can't wait to have my very own eventually!  They are amazing dogs.
I have a cousin who, upon meeting Piper, looked at her fianc and then at her own two year old chocolate lab and said, "Next time we're getting a Rottweiler." Just another misunderstood breed.
Sit on the wet ground and see how you like it!
what a diva!!!! 
Big lap dogs. I swear; although they're better mannered than most small dogs I've met.
What a Bitch!
funny, that's my sister's name. what a bitch. 
My sister is a bitch too..As is my dog.
All my upvotes! I think she's gorgeous as well, thank you!
Smug bitch
Fucking bitch
As someone with a rottie on his family im proud to say this:
She is not alone i knew it!!.Thumba my rottie does the same thing, if you leave your bed... your chair, the couch... anything if i fit i sit ;D sweet dogs like rotties, and her face is something like "Oh was you here? sorry now im here"
Aww, what a silly pup! :)
What a terrible terrible dog.
No, she knows inside what she is allowed on and what she isn't, but she's incredibly uncomfortable on the rocks that we have at our cabin so she tries to climb on the chairs. You can't really blame her. But that's why she'll lay on the ground if you lay out a comforter first.
smart lady its because your floor is so fucking wet, arf rarf!
A dog that majestic needn't lay on the floor. 
"Bring me my chewing slippers"
She has her favourites that we already own... They just happen to be the most expensive chairs that are out there. My theory is the larger seats because shell only sit in the old thatched style when there's no other choice.
I have a dog named Piper too. .I let my then-4-year-old name her and it was either Piper or Paul Anderson. 
I would have gone with Paul Anderson. My husband wants to name our next dog Fred. Regardless of gender. Lol but I'm weird and all my animals but one have people names. Lol
My dog steals people's seats because he likes his pre-warmed. On the couch if I get up, even for just a minute, he will skooch over into my spot and fall back asleep. 
She tries, but it's the best spot to watch tv she she knows when it's time to move again. Doesn't stop her from cuddling right up to you after though. Hahaha.
Or if somebody is sitting too close to myself or my mother. She manages to wedge all 85lbs I between us and the other person!.Edit: additions, some punctuation.
But the moment you get her her own chair, she'll lay on the ground..EDIT: Fixed for gender
Haha no way, she far too much of a princess for that!
If she does lay on the ground there absolutely MUST be a comforter.
That's great. I have a dog like that. He loved to sleep on the ottoman but only if there was one pillow. Two was too many and none wasn't enough.
If I tried to be that spoiled everybody would certainly abandon me. Oh, a dogs life!
 was just on r/dogs. Sounds like you can relate!.Pete's only 20lbs, so it's not as obvious at first. I'll just go sit back down and realize that I'm no longer in my spot. I don't even think he wakes up, he just kind of oozes over. I make him move every time, but he still oozes over every chance he gets just in case I don't notice.
Thanks for covering up his man lovelies.
Pete is adorable and those throw pillows may be the most beautiful I've ever seen!
Thanks so much!
She looks like a dog version of the Dowager Countess.
Haha that's too funny, although I'm sure shed be insulted if I told her. Finicky little thing.
Good looking dog!
The fact that this is posted on tumblr.com is hilarious to me
"hey look at how small that hairless creature's feet are bahahaha" 
Wolf husky?
Just a husky :) She's just over a year old now
Awwwww!.Get him fixed in 6 months. And keep him inside. I've lost too many cats to maniacs on the road. And cats on the loose will kill things - like song birds. And mate when they're not fixed. .There's nothing more pitiful than a starving feral cat.
Looks like he's at the cat Senior Prom.
Fuck work and our modern lifestyle, stay with your friend, he obviously wants that.
Which is why i love dogs way more than cats, unless they are hungry i doubt the average cat could care less if you were leaving.
replace with cat - problem solved.
sorry you got downvoted, I thought it was funny.. lol
You monster! How could you leave such a cute little doggie?! S/he looks so sad, and yet you walk away! Screw work, you has love!!
How long does your dog stay at home alone for?
around 8 hours alone.. i come home for lunch for an hour
In before all the freaks start in on you about animal cruelty and some such shit. Your dog does not need you 24/7 to have a happy, healthy, well-adjusted life. As long as there are no signs of separation anxiety, you're doing fine. Ignore the haters.
she's completely happy, I wouldn't worry what anyone had to say on here by judging through a picture anyway...but I do like the kind words, friend. 
He's just making sure you leave so he can go lay on the furniture.
He's suffering from separation anxiety, poor baby.  Make sure you leave some treats and one of your worn shirts that he can lay down with,  your scent will help him and ease his anxiety until he sees you again.
separation anxiety is usually prevalent when the boxer acts out and becomes destructive... mya can stay uncaged for 8 hours without acting out, thankfully. she knows she is loved.  
Recently I've learned that it is actually bad to show your dogs love before you leave the house. It is pretty hard but supposedly helps with their anxiety. I think I got it from Cesar and he said to just ignore them before you head out.
this makes sense though, will keep in mind, thanks. 
looks like my girl!
Not always true. When my boyfriend leaves his cat meows incessantly by the door waiting for him to come back. 
I would love to have a dog. I'm a building contractor who works mainly at private residences. If I had a dog I could take him with me to work but I cannot expect my clients to be happy with my dog being on their property. For many workman they have their dog with them, in their van most of the day and think that's OK. I don't think it's ok to have a dog shut in a vehicle fo 6-8 hours a day. If you've got to leave a dog at home all day you shouldn't have a dog.
Now imagine opening up the door to it having a body like ours on two hind legs and some creepy arms, then scurrying off, laughing eerily, turning the corner of your dining room. Turning around. And realizing there is a 10 foot tall man with a loin clothe and a battle axe in your back yard.  Your yard is swampy, foggy, and the midnight moon shines brightly silhouetting him. In his large metal spiked helmet. Glaring at you with red, devilish eyes. Takes a step towards you. Only choice is to go inside. To the demon inside, you run upstairs as your back door is bashed in. Hearing creepy laughing and scratching all throughout the house. You call your SO, to have them answer with this dialect "I've been expecting this call". You lock yourself in a closet for a moment of brief clarity. Catching much needed breath. As you feel two, skinny, long fingered hands slowly come over your shoulders. You BURST out, into a now darkened house. Running for your life as these creatures terrorize your every moment. - woah, sorry, way off topic. Just had a little bit of a wandering mind there. Uhm. Cute dog! 
Cool, I was asking because I am getting my first dog soon.
I would would recommend crate training first.. it gives them a space to call their own, just as long as you never use the crate as punishment. slowly give them trials of bigger spaces (bathroom, a whole bedroom)... etc..etc.. every dog is different, boxers require a lot of structure. 
I can almost see the tears welling up in his/her eyes.
"Please don't leave me Human, who will play with Me?"
I always think of Homeward Bound and what my dogs thinking watching me drive away, breaks my heart the little look on his face :(.BUT MAAAAAAAAA, YOU FORGOT ME!
Nope. Throwing a party and waiting for your ass to leave
Is he/she there when you return, too?
so, she is usually asleep or lounging around... quite happy when I come home so it makes up for the puppy eyes
he's just waiting for you to leave so he can fuck your pillow
I lost my boxer to cancer last year , this picture melted me :(
oh lord... im sorry to hear that. my family just lost one a few weeks ago... it's tough.. but cheer yourself up by thinking about all the joy it brought to your life. 
Admittedly unrelated but you have a pretty door
haha thats the second door comment.. interesting... thanks? :)
eh, just keep in mind that if you were to quit your job and stay home with him but can no longer feed him... he'll eat you.
This looks like my neighbors dog...and door...Desi? Is that you?
nope :) 
Secretly waiting so that he/she/it can eat the furniture.
My boxer does the same thing.  Then he learned how to open the door.
Naw, you dog just likes watching people walk away.
Am I the only one that sees a creepy face in the bottom right glass?
i kinda see it.... big nose?
And then he eats your shoes.
thankfully, no.. she isn't destructive 
I appreciate the color of your door.
My dog does the same thing! Too cute!! 
Don't think of it as a guilt trip. Think of it as a reason to go to work and keep your job.  Do it for her!
I love boxers...mine looks at me the same way
boxers are the best

My first thought is where do you live that  you can have glass panes in your door and you don't get broken in to. 
Damn, where do you live that you have to worry about that?
I live in Florida, and before that I lived in New York
downtown columbus
I really freakin miss my dog. 
My boxer does the same thing. He makes me feel like ive wronged him somehow.
He probably thinks that you think he is a bad hunter. Poor baby. 
Who's the good boxer dog? That's right, you're the good boxer dog. 
Does anybody else see a ghost dog to the right in the window, or is it just me?
second comment like this one ive got... and i'm a little inebriated so this freaks me out..ha 
How sad!
it does look pretty sad... but honestly, she's more pissed because i'm not taking her for a ride. 
Me too. Me too. :(
thank god my dog isn't tall enough to give me the puppy dog eyes, whew
My boxer always knows when I'm about to leave the house and gives me the sad eyes. Sometimes he pulls his blanket out into the middle of the hall and lays there, looking at me with his sad face making sure I don't miss his sadness. 
oh man i know exactly what you are talking about.... mya knows when i am getting ready to go out for the night and just mopes with those eyes
But...you're gonna come back, right?
My friend's dog does that every time he leaves the house-- he has to bribe her with a treat to distract her while he closes the door.
Please take one a day for the next 3 months..
One of the worse feelings in the world....
but it makes up for it when you come home!
I know your pain, my dog puts on the most confused, sad face I've ever seen. (I don't have a pic because I'm usually too heartbroken to take one)
but... karma
Those eyebrows :(
puppy dog face for sure... but her face when I come home is priceless
You mentioned coming home, now you have to do the update photo so we can compare dog emotions.
Same with mine.  It's why I look forward to walking in the door :)
I have a boxer and she does the exact same thing, it breaks my heart every time i look at her.
We just buried our eldest dog, in the yard, beneath a magnolia, and scattered some of his sister's ashes in with him so they can rest together..You go home, you hug that sweet thing, and you love him every day, you hear? Love him. Love him and hold him.
Welp, now I'm crying 
that was very sweet. i've experienced the loss of 2 boxers so far and it's not easy. 
My dog does it everyday as well; ..
Ecollar or no ecollar, that dog is adorable

Here's my version every morning... 
no doubt this deserves its own aww-post
Ever think about how confusing it must be for dogs when their owners leave the house?  They don't understand any concepts like work, "no dogs allowed," allergies, etc., so when you bounce on them they must have no clue at all why you're doing it and feel totally devastated.  Especially since every time you take them outside, all you're doing is going to the park and walking around and frolicking.  Must think you're going on a solo park trip.  Friend of mine shared this thought with me and it has made owning a dog 500X harder.
The first time you leave or if you pack a suitcase (they know that means overnight(s)), yes I think its hard on them. But when you come home frm work a few times they can smell that you were at the same place as yesterday. And they can tell by your clothes, shoes, time of day etc in the morning that you are going back to the same place and will be home around the same time. .What cracks me up is when I come home an hour early and my boxer is fast asleep in his favorite spot in the backyard. Sometimes I creep up on him and he completely freaks out. :)
Damn you, sir or madam.  Now I have to leave work early and go home to my girl.
she probably only wants you to come home for the food
When my cats get like this, I tell them to . already. Freeloaders.
You....you wouldn't.  You can't be.  You are.  You fucking are.
hahaha loved this.. i've thought this a time or two
I would dog sit all day for free just so no one ever has to see such a sad face ever again.
haha you are hired! she loves company
I'm pretty sure I would love her company too! I love squishy face doggies, I have a mega-squishy face pekingese.
Boxers have the ultimate sad puppy dog face 
its those floppy dobby ears  
I'll raise you basset hound. 
Solution: cover windows with newspaper. No sad face.
I raise you the border terrier
Raise you a staffy X. 
I agree!

he's got a god damn olympic gold medal and he still looks like you hurt his feelings
Which they wear 24 hours a day. Even when they are smiling they look sad.
Resting Sad Face?
FTFY

for some reason I thought that was going to be a gif...and stared at it for far too long.
I'm sorry but all I can see is dog penis.
Why don't you take a seat right over there?
This is a beautiful puppy. I'm sure it is worth the plant loss.
My puppy ate the fucking wall yesterday. I mean seriously, what the fuck.
I call bull. The dog is pristinely clean.
Samba!! Look out behind you!!
Aww are those animal crackers? 
What breed is this? Adorable!
she's a labradoodle :)
Wow really? My cousin has a labradoodle, gorgeous dog. So I assume it will be very large ha ha :) 
"Excuse me, little miss, just what do you think you're doing?".". Mom! I... didn't see you there!"
NOPE. 
I came here to say "no, baby tarantulas cannot possibly be cute," but actually that little fella is damn cute.
Aww...a lil baby nope!
You need to remove that finger from your hand and burn it.
No they're not. Sorry
So many normal pets on here, need more variety. 
There's a difference between cute and small. That is just small. There's nothing really "cute" about it at all. You can't even see it's face.
My family wonders how I think my 7 year old Rosie is cute and why I refer to her as my 'furry little bastard'. I'm glad someone else understands. 
I'd be worried about it scurrying up my sleeve. 
I am a man and that is a spider. We don't mix.
I have mixed feelings about them now.....EDIT:I accidentally a word
or grumpy cat. or whatever cat thinks they're better!
Noble little fella 
Better title would be : Roller kitty
Awesome a cat on reddit doing something stupid...2000+ karma
I tried to find the fat kid from Hook rolling down the ramp to compare... but had no luck.  I'm sure someone with a higher internet skill level could help out :D
Transform and Roll out. 
Kitty - "Hey you disappoint me. I KILL YOU NOW!".*Attacks and winds up off the couch with a crash from hitting the trash can in the process."
omg that is too funny
How the fuck do these things survive in the wild?
I can't tell you how many times that's happened to me: "Oh no! I've accidentally formed myself into a sphere!" (roll roll)
"I'm goin' down, and you're comin' with me!"
"wait..."

What gets me is that.. he didn't even get the tail.. he holds on to the legs and tumbles.. 
This makes me happy. 
Tuck and roll baby, tuck and roll!!
You got to pay the Troll Toll...
Cannonball!!
GRENADE! TAKE COVER!
TROLL?  JESUS CHRIST NO.
Guess the Galactic Empire thought droidekas weren't cute enough...
Ninja roll go!
haha this made me laugh so loud at work! adorable kitty...
lol. This is an adorable kitty. Tuck and roll :)
"I must go. My people need me"
"I forgot how to cat".
Well, we all know what they say about curiosity and cats. 
Can I request someone make this into a gif that says 'Incoming shitstorm'
Auto-bots lets roll out!!!
retarded title

Vehicle overturning drill.
See fire?? Stop, drop and roll!
Well he sure showed that tail. Won't be messing with him again.
Bangarang! 
This reminds me exactly of those droids from Star Wars that roll around.
stop drop and roll. =D
I really wish . existed because they always make me laugh the hardest
how have cats survived evolution?
Is that a Donald Trump hair pillow in the background?
Is that a bail of hay in the background...?
What happens to the cat always lands on its feet thing?
DUCK AND ROLL!
When Morphball Fails
Do a barrel roll!
HAHAHAHAHA made my day!
Sonic lives!
Helluva tackle.
250 points for a Mctwist
I, literally, LOLed.
Troll LEGS... fuck!
ohhh come on...there is so much you could've done w/ that title
. . . to get in thiss boysssssoul 
Have an upvote since I don't understand why whyishemad is mad at you and it might have made you sad so hopefully an upvote will help make you less sad. 
Humans.
Autobots - Roll out!
Repost, I downvote you!
Did you even watch this GIF before submitting it?
Roll out!
Autobots, ROLL OUT! 
COMBAT ROLL!
Reminds me of those droids from Star Wars.
Couldn't find one, 
Perfect!
Autobots rollout.
Autobots, 
stupid cat
YOU KNOW what always makes me laugh the hardest? Probably the ideas that come into my head when I think of the type of comments I read by this fucking account you fucking queer. Mrkillyou? Probably kill me laughing if I ever saw a woman's reaction to seeing your microscopic uncircumsized urinator that you call a penis, you stupid dildo riding nerd. I really wish you would help yourself and tell reddit that instead of . was something that you wished for that instead you would elaborate how . and . would make your retarded to begin with reddit experience more enjoyable and more "laughable", you just look like someone I would see on the street and I would start laughing my ass off as soon as I saw your flip flops and your disgusting beer belly all packaged with a pair of disgusting thick prescription glasses and kitten high socks. fucking doucher
^ Which leaves me wondering,  "Why is . mad?"...
I too am confused by his anger. I think catsfallingoffofthings would probably be funny as my cats are not exactly graceful as people would assume
Try . 
I've been on for 1.5 minutes..I love you already.
DO A BARREL ROLL
Roll out!
Sonic would be proud.
dammit, that not existing is sad.
We out!!
AUTOBOTS, .!
It does, but this gif cuts off before. See the Abandon Thread gif someone posted above.
how anyone could downvote this comedic genius i don't know... but seriously, that domestic cats do hilarious stuff like this is part of the reason we keep them around.  You could almost say evolution has designed them to do this
What the ... get over here you . oh shit!"
BANGARANG!
To the . cat cave!
I have been watching this for three and a half minutes giggling and shaking my head
Lol
I laughed way too hard at this.
Upvote solely for your username.
I wish I had tail...
Anyone have the original video?
Try, a somersault.
"welp, I'm out"
Kittens are evolving into banelings! OH NO!
o god i hate when ppl who arnt as cool as me say troll ..only i can say troll 
That went a completely different way than i thought it would, and i'm glad.
I do believe the correct phrase in this case would be...."Tuck and roll bitch!".You're welcome!
My cat loves to chase his tail, but only while he's on top of his perch/scratching post thing. It's like his tail has a mind of his own, because he will catch it and lick it like he's cleaning his tail, but his tail just doesn't want to cooperate.
That's adorable.
for a second i though the cat was trying to suck its dick
DO A BARREL ROLL
As someone who recently finished "The West Wing" I gotta say, I'm a big fan of your username.
xD
Autobots.. Roll out !
Do a barrel roll!
Do a barrel roll! 
Abandon thread!
These comments are why I hate reddit.
2 years, nearly 5000 in link karma and nearly 90000 in comment karma. For someone that "hates" reddit, you seem to have spent a shit load of time here. 
Complaining about it isn't going to help, contribute.
Sweet investigation skills Geraldo.
i must go my people need me
this needs to be made into a new abandon thread .gif
Do a barrel roll!!
DO A BARRELL ROLL!
Kitty used rollout...it's super effective!!!
AUTOBOTS ROLL OUT

Dumb domesticated cats. This is hard to watch. This is what you get wrongfully breeding them like this.
This is on the front page again?
I see videos and gifs of cats doing this often, is there some kind of reason they attack their own tail? Are they playing? Do they think it's not connected to them? 
He thinks he's Sonic the hedgehog.
rammus
doing one thing while thinking about another. Joined by the union of the two sides of the brain. not bad thinking.
learn to use "troll" correctly you 12-year-old shithead.
Someone should add the text: Abandon thread
Autobots roll out!
It's Sonic !
I don't think troll means what you think it means.
This cat is rollin more than someone at an edm fest
Autobots ROLLOUT.
Surprise fellatio yay!
Why the motherfuck is this front page?

wtf? I can't stop laughing. 
What if we humans had impulses like that? I'd like humans much better.
Samus Aran's cat. Morph ball acquired.
or a getaway wheel?
My people need me!
I read it "Troll toll" first, but I still wasn't disappointed.
Thank God for .gif, I can just watch that twenty times on a loop.
It should be, "Autocats, roll out!"
Combat roll.
It looks like this is one cat.on a roll!.(_).YEEEEAAAAHHHH!
I must leave! My planet needs me!
Anyone else picture the gif start to move before it fully loads?
"Oh no you didn't!"
That cat named Sonic?
Troll toll 
Does anyone know what breed of cat this is?
Relevant: 
Grenade!
Kitty the Hedgehog
I have a serious question about this. Does anyone actually know why cats do this? I'm really curious to know if someone actually has some insight on this. 
You gotta pay the troll tail.
the mechanical beauty of it.. 10/10
Yeah, that's what cats do...is this it about the sub Reddit? 
Cutest Goron ever.
I love seeing cats roll off things.
I think i've seen posted 6 times in the last two months.
Cats...the noblest and most regal of creatures.
Descendent of the 
Does kitty have duct tape on their tummy?
Ya gotta pay the troll toll, to get into this boys soul...
I have seen this a thousand times. And I will always upvote it
I'm going in! 
The second brain of a cat is located in the tail.
What comes to mind is...
.Cat-blanka-roll-ATTACK!!!
1-ok, 2-ok. Go on green! GO GO GO!
Abandon thread gif?
It'd definitely make a nice abandon thread gif!
I third this motion.
Sonic's kitty?
damn, i thought for a moment i had an original comment but saw yours half way scrolling down.
Morph Ball acquired!
This is the one I thought of. Complete with the achievement music followed by the . and then . of me dropping bombs. 
Why did I have to go so far down for this
Can we please stop using that stupid word?
No man its cool. Have you heard of the trollface meme.
too troll for u?
Yeah, you're much too late for that...
Yeah, distinct, flexible appendage to the torso, sounds a lot better.
I prefer spine+
I like furry not-penis.
DAVID!  What have I told you about pulling on the cat's furry not-penis!?!?  You're grounded for a week!
I feel like the term "troll" has lost it's meaning. 
I feel like the term "troll" has gained meanings.
Agreed. I'm still not sure I understand the use of that title for the context of this picture
The Cat's tail is trolling the cat. Causing it to freak out. It's pretty simple and yes the word troll is a general term.
I always thought a troll, or to troll, meant someone making a comment (usually in an online forum) that is not truly what they think, but rather a purposely dumbed-down or infuriating comment made solely for the purpose of provoking an angered response..But now I see that a troll tail is a tail that moves.
What about trolling in a video game?.Couldn't griefing be a form of trolling?.My definition is intentionally bothering someone to get a rise out of them.
I dunno, the downvotes you're getting would suggest that is not the general consensus. 
The word has developed over time. I think it is much broader than expected. If everyone uses the word wrong, maybe the people using the word "correctly" are wrong. 
There is so much wrong with that statement....Classic Marx.
The meaning of words develop. Fact.
Many people now use the word "literally" when they mean "figuratively". Does this mean it's now correct?

Someone needs to reverse this.
Someone needs to make this into an "Abandon Thread" gif
I'd rather it say "Fuck this shit, I'm outta here".
Ok. Go ahead and do it. We'll wait. 
I Think It's More Like Abort Thread Tho Cuz It Looks More Like The Cat Is Aborting Though Not Abandoning Though.edit: grammer
wat
Fuck You I Think You Are Over Reacting Now Eat My Downvote Good Sir!
Awww, a baby troll account!
Lol I Think You Are Mistaken Though I Think You Are Should Take Off Your Fedora Off
lolmeme
You're trying too hard.
After a little 
I've never seen him actually stick the landing.
damn that's one perfect recovery. on its leg instantly.
I knew this was out there, just couldn't find it. Awesome!
YES! Something I made has been reposted. 

How did you actually come across that? I barely remember that one...
From happy to creeped out in 8 minutes flat. Impressive
DO A BARREL ROLL!
"Peety, do a barrel roll"
Try a somersault!
That was not a barrel roll.  It was almost a ..
meoooooowwwwwww
google this word now
ha ha lol that fromthe google a little Time ago !
Damnit! I'm always beat to the punch
PRESS "Z" OR "R" TWICE!

"Holy shit what did I just do"
How ;3?
aaaaaaaand it's awesome. 
I love the tail its just like . gigity 
OH NO! Droideka!
I think you mean Droidekat
[deleted]
Porta donec feugiat bibendum varius quis posuere.
Tuck and roll!
Duck and cuddle! 
Katamari Damakitty
Eject! Eject!
Fire In The Hole!!!!

I've heard that animals were sensitive to seeing paranormal tail fires.
lol
What I think of when you say paranormal fires: 
Someone tell this boy to pay the toll, please.  Tell him he has to pay!
You gotta pay the troll toll, if you want this boy's soul.... You gotta pay the troll toll to get in...
FTFY
OMG, I quote this randomly all the time.
_
Whenever i see this pic I always imagine it saying "Autobots Roll out" when the cat tucks into the ball, and it makes me happy :D
Or, if you played it backwards it could be "A 
wild Donphan appeared!"
So what does he transform into? An old tire?
Yes.

thank you kind sir

Got an abandon thread version?.EDIT: 
[deleted]
How do you know I'm not a cat?.Deleted comment something like: "Except cats don't talk, moron."
[deleted]
..Is this a thing now? .Why not just let him get on with it, if he wants downvotes then fine, he can have them.

He doesn't want downvotes, he wants people to react to his existence. The best thing to do is leave his karma at zero and don't respond. Eventually he will be forced to go outside.
The ultimate punishment on the Internet: to have to go outside
Nah it's pretty cool once you get out there.
But autobots exist, right?
Probably because you saw this post with that title many times before and now your subconscious recognizes the two. 

It's first time I see this gif and I still thought "Autobots Roll out".
Hate to be that guy, but... This. 

That is the epitome of giving up 
Majestic.

Haha. I remember when the guy posted that and said it would be reused within a week. 2 days later it was on the front page and made me audibly laugh because the creator was the top comment. 
It's by ..
I need a link to that!
We all do, buddy. Each and every one of us.
Also, good looking bully!
at least he/she is outside.  I have to shut my door when taking a bath.  If my bulldog see's i'm in the tub it's a full sprint and cannonball to come join me.
miss tiggy is so cute.  
I know right... makes really want to own one now.
Not only is she cute, she looks very well taken care of.
How do you tell? But its good to here she looks healthy, guess I am taking care of her the right way then lol
The pics are really clear i guess. I am no expert on headgehogs, she just looks really good!!
Whats weird is my dog does the same thing but I never taught him the word food. I always say "whos hungie babies" and he wigs out but he still gets excited when I say "food".
Humans do the same thing. Its facilitating blood flow to the portion of the brain responsible for understanding contextual speech. 
Really? Source? .I always just thought they were angling their head so as to hear things better/differently.
Has he got a name yet?  He's like a mini Aslan!
Given the chance I would steal him!
Yeah, his name's Fox Milder. He'll solve mysteries someday.
Milder instead of Mulder 'cause the place we found him was all mildewy.... Lame, I know.
So handsome. You are a good person for saving him.
I would call him Ozzy.
Look at that hair!
The bad thing about rabies is that once you have symptoms, it is too late. Cute little bat, though.
a bat seen like this in the day time is either very sick or has rabies. 
Not "Man-Bat" ??? for shame.
{7}
I found a cute little jumping spider in my car yesterday, I picked it up and tossed it out the window and it landed on the side of my door but my car was so hot that it killed it.
...he got what he deserved... 
Instead of "saved" I first read "severed" 0_0 
SAVE ME?! I AM THE NIGHT!
Rabid or not, I'm glad you tried to save him. Bats are really great animals to have around in the woods as they eat a lot of the pesky bugs like mosquitoes and such. Hope you don't get rabies, though. :-)
Most importantly, you saved him from permanent vision damage. He may be up to flying the coming evening; failing that, a wildlife rehab.
I'm happy to see that his nose isn't white!
I'm gonna name my dog Mike Vick... Alright too soon.
Call him Bruce Willis, instead.
"Hay, what's that?"
"It's a bat, man!"
rabies.  if you see a bat out and free in the daytime, rabies..rabies.  rabies.  rabies..do not die.  go get the shot.  the shot sucks.  but get it.

You should call him rabid... for being out in the daylight... I'd walk away if I were you...

He's a little brown myotis. They're one of the most common types of bat in the US. They're wicked cute. 
Hi, I have 8 years of wildlife experience and while I'm really glad you saved a bat, you should go and get a rabies shot just in case, its protocol with all members who deal with wild bats.  There is baby research (not proven but not unproven either) that bats are one of the only mammals that can pass rabies through touch alone and not bite, this is why we teach people to call animal services and not touch them.  If it were any other type of disease like an itching disease or a sneezing disease I would tell you not to worry about it, but rabies if not caught early is almost guaranteed fatal even with todays medicine.  Its not worth the risk of dying... please go get a shot
Is the rabies shot you speak of for humans a one-time immunization? The only shots I'm aware of are for treatment AFTER exposure - this shot sounds like something really worth having...
no unfortunatly.  working with bats can be a real bitch.   I did birds, not bats mainly because I didnt want to get the post exposure shots everytime I got bit.  I've heard drs have come up with an experamental treatment that fully clears the body of rabies but if you thought the shots were unpleasant.... you're hardly going to like induced longterm coma.  I really stress that people get the rabies shot after any contact, reading stories of people who dies of rabies will scare most people straight.
So cute. Bats are a primary carrier of rabies, a virus that is nearly 100% fatal in infected humans. Because they live in enormous colonies, they also carry a number of other exotic and deadly diseases other mammals generally don't transmit, including a number of other lyssaviruses, histoplasmosis, several hemorrhagic fevers, etc.  .In other words, bring it to a vet that will accept bats as patients. Failing that, a zoo.
In reality, less than 1 percent of wild bats test positive for rabies.  You're much more likely to contract rabies from a dog, a raccoon, or a skunk.  I'm . saying anyone should ever touch a wild bat--or any other wild animal.  Exactly the opposite.  But bats are less dangerous than most other wild animals, and nobody should go out of their way to harass them.
Worldwide, the vast majority of human rabies cases are transmitted by dogs, usually wild or feral dogs. Guess what #2 is. Bats. For whatever reason these two animals are the source of most human rabies.  .Point being, it doesn't matter how many test positive in the wild. What matters is the number of infections they cause. Maybe bats bite more readily (vampire bats certainly do). Maybe their scratches transmit saliva more readily. Maybe they carry strains of the virus that are more infectious to humans. Whatever the reason, they are a relatively frequent cause of infection.
That's a little too many maybes for comfort. .Personally, I just hate that when I come into a thread about a bat every post is about rabies. At that point I ought to be posting in every thread about a rescue dog having rabies. All this sort of sensationalist/fear posting does is further the social stigma against a really harmless animal that can even prove beneficial to the surrounding ecosystem. 
The . is bats are the #2 source of human rabies. I'm not sure what cause you're championing or what obstacle you think I represent to it, but all I'm saying is people shouldn't handle wild bats. Not that they should be exterminated.
Wow, that's interesting, sincerely, thanks for the new info. I was under the impression that some crazy percentage of bats were carrying rabies with few symptoms...like 30% or so! Not likely to stop making me be really careful around these guys, though I still think they are awesome beasts lol.
Yep... the CDC recommends getting the rabies vaccinations after ANY contact with a wild bat..I've had it after getting bitten... it's not as bad as people have made out in the past... but it's still not good.
They . awesome beasts, and you . be really careful around them.
Again, I'm not saying that people should handle bats.  
Also - if it bites you, CATCH IT!  
Thanks for that, my work is near a swamp and there are a lot at night this guy was in our outside shed and freaked when I opened the door and immediately flew to the ground from flying out into the heat (it was almost ninety degrees yesterday) He dropped to the ground and was barely moving from all the trauma and heat..I then put gloves on and covered him with a bowl and slid a piece of paper under him and carried him to the darkest area I could find and the second I let him out into the darkness he was 100% more active and healthy looking. They may carry rabies but goddammit I just think they are cute as all get out.
Most bats you see flying are healthy. Their metabolisms are so fast they die in a matter of days if they're sick. It's the ones crawling around which are likely sick and need to be avoided. Just don't get bit, wash your hands well. Taking it to the vet is also good advice.
The vast majority of human rabies cases are transmitted by feral or roaming dogs. After dogs, bats are the big #2, far outstripping all other animal reservoirs as sources of actual transmission. (Many other animals also carry the virus, but for whatever reason dogs and bats are the likeliest to actually transmit the virus to humans. Most transmissions are through bites, but scratches are also known to work, and aerosolized virus has been detected in bat colonies, adding another theoretical threat.)  .Meanwhile there are six known cases of people surviving a rabies infection after the onset of symptoms. Six. The worldwide case fatality rate is 99.99%. 

"Hey there sugar tits! Give me a kiss." - Lord Master PewDiePie
What a facial expression! 
That cat looks like it's about to transcend reality 
Put them in ooze right now
Fouuurr baby tuwrtles!
Just made me think of this guy
Wait till they start listening to Twisted Sister and scream "Pizza".
what kind of species are they?
What a baby photo... They become teenagers so fast.... and then stay that way for 20 years.
Cool! Such awesome little creatures.
Which one is Leonardo? 
I can still see the egg shells on them.
Totally should've cropped this. Very cute though.
I didn't crop it, its just my poor framing...
Can you post a more staged picture? .HURR DURR NEED TO GET THAT KARMA.
So fucking tired of seeing this picture.
Reddit has the same amount of letters as repost. If it bothers you, don't go through the trouble of commenting. Remember those little up and down arrow? That's all the talking you need.
blah blah blah fuck off
somebody should do some research into the average time and karma of reposts like this. I have a distinct feeling the graph will resemble business cycles. 
Repost 
You can't just post this awesomely cute picture and not say where you work... From the title one could assume you work in an office when in reality you probably work at a cuteness factory!
Fawn looks like it has a uni-brow.
See thread: "The Jesusita Fire in Santa Barbara, CA caused these two to take shelter together. The fawn is 3 days old and the bobcat about 3 weeks. The fawn came from somewhere in the fire and the bobcat from Carpentaria. They immediately bonded and snuggled together under a desk in the Santa Barbara County Dispatch Office for several hours..An extremely alert reader is reporting that Animal Planet is reporting the bobcat kitten was rescued near Arnold Schwarzeneggers ranch, where it was dehydrated and near death.".from: 
You didn't even change the title
And the fawn is really tired of this shit.
They were not . in an office together, they were put there...
Again with this picture? 
I'm sorry but i don't think this was in your office. I've seen this multiple times
He didn't say his office he said " an " office. 
I didn't realize it. Sorry about that, but i've still seen this picture more than once
No need for a sorry i was just being a smart ass. It is definitely a repost though. 
 Alrighty Then!
More Like Bob Kitten!!!!!
I would cuddle up with a tasty treat too if I was scared.
where the hell do you work
A different take on "The Fox and The Hound." Calling Disney right now.  "The Forest Cat and the Fawn" will open straight to DVD to mixed reviews.
This is the cutest shit I will be seeing all day
Bambi and Simba?
Too sweet!
I've never seen this before. It makes my heart smile!
I think the fire was in Repost National Forest 
Ohhhh lord jeysus it's a fyre
Thats the cutest repost I've ever seen!
Its so weird that people keep finding fawns and bobcats together indoors and manage to get pictures of them.
Keep your enemies 
That looks more like a bobkitten.
Reminds me of this

Keep your friends close, keep your lunch closer.
Omg, they broke the cute meter! Now I must save as I am going to journey to the thread 'what's the most morbid question you've had but never asked', I shall return to the cuteness...
"Today we part friends, but know that next time we meet we shall be mortal enemies."
The fawn looks like he has very thick eyebrows.
middle eastern fawn
Hmmm...
awww...if they could just stay that way.
Now they just need to walk into a bar...
i dont care if its a repost its so damn cute
this is what dreams are made of. 
How did they end up in there?
They were put there by their rescuers.
"I'mma eat you one day, homie"
More of a bobkitten, really
smart fawn... keep your friends closer but your enemies closer.
Do you have a source for the story? Because I've seen this pic many times, but never heard the circumstances. I thought it was a wildlife rehab and these two were just buddies
This will be a Disney movie
I don't care if it's a repost. That is the most aww-inducing photo I've seen in this sub.
That's the most aww-inducing photo? If you're not from Europe then gtfo.
Deer god they're cute!
This is a repost, but couldn't possibly downvote it!
Ye' olde repost, once again.
If its a baby bobcat could it be called a bobkitten?
in all seriousness I think you can call them Bobkits
Bobbykitten. He just shortens it to bob for buisness
Bobbiken.
Ok, its not a Pokemon 
Bob is too formal, maybe Bobby?
Robert
I want to believe they will grow up to be best pals.
I think we all saw how that worked out in The Fox and the Hound, but keep the dream alive.
If Disney has taught me anything, then this is absolutely what will happen. 
Spoiler Alert: Bambi's mother dies.
This still upsets me to this day.
Did you not watch The Fox and the Hound?
Yes, it was so sad when they decided to stop drawing the deer.
Until they get old enough for the bobcat to hunt the deer...Damnit, ., why did you have to rustle my child-jimmies like that?
To look up the ending to the original book. That will outright make your jimmies burst into flames from the rustle friction. 
How many times is this reposted?
they are reposted in this banner too :) 
At least OP isn't lying that he/she found them in a dumpster
THIS IS THE FIRST REPOST I'VE NOTICED. Can I get a high five or something? 
I'll give you an upvote. It's not tangibly worth anything except for an arbitrary measurement of how we as a society rate our fellow redditors, but have one anyways! Hell, upvotes are free..Edit for redundancy.
Probably hundreds, considering it's been around since at least 2009. 
A bot will tell us soon my friend. Soon.
It's the first time i've seen it and i'm on Reddit waaaay too much for my own good
+1

I like how one posted 10 months ago says picture by my cousin and then there's another that had been posted 1 year ago. Silly people.
The "office" is a garage.
Nsfw filter on
Here's the thing...
Yes it has been reposted many many many times, but each time I see it, it makes my day a little bit better because it's so damn cute.  
Oh how I want to believe.
That is absolutely hilarious. 
[deleted]
Bobcats do hunt deer.... it's not overly common but they've been known to bring them down before.... for their size they're vicious.
Here are some . bobcats for ya.
aaaaand YOU get an up vote!!
I shall not ignore returning the favor!!
I laughed until i cried, my wife rolled her eyes and said its stupid....fuck her, she's stupid.
Sorry you cried..Your wife isn't stupid, she just doesn't get humor... or joy.
its time for a divorce
By all means, tell that to these guys/gals.. I was being chauvinistic and only said "guys".
At least 3 of those are lynx, not bobcats.

Lol'd at the gif a few posts earlier, now I feel like crying...
Yeah, I just Google'd bobcats. I figured that's why I was getting down votes. I still got that first one though, right? That's something!
so... same difference?
Well it was kinda, half cuddle/half sating my hunger.
D:
Sorry :(
That was one of the best things I have ever seen 
Quit with the goddamn reposting. 
Your right, this is one of the best repost ever :D
You're wrong.
So, it's one of the worst repost ever?
nice repost
I want to believe you too..I think I'm naive.
Digging the zombie eyes. 
Aussie's are wonderful dogs! I have two =]
awesome
reminds me a lot of this dog 
No king! no king! lalalalalala!
Ed?
More like overly attached dogfriend
I bet that pup is hyper. 
Hey dog you high? MEOW!!!
He's got that thousand-bone stare.
His pupils aren't dilated correctly. Could be glaucoma.  
I watched The Lion King for the first time in several years last night. That's a pretty close resemblance! 
That is scarily uncanny. 
Mini aussies always have an inbred look to me
Anyone else think he looks like a crazy Elijah Wood? 
Am I the only one here that thinks that it looks like PTSD Dog?
Dog reminds me of Rodney Dangerfield.. Anyone else?
This isnt so much "aww" as it is mildly creepy
as an aussie owner, this is hilarious! i always thought they were close relatives to the hyena lol 
Now record him laughing like a crazy :D
BECAREFUL! Is cute face is only there to trick you into thinking he's an innocent animal.
if this dog could talk, it seems like its vocabulary would only consist of different toned utterances of "Dog".."you hungry boy?" 
-"DOGGG"
doggg 
I thought it was a Border Collie...

I was thinking Aussie/Catahoula
 from .Edit: put in link to blog. All credit to Allie.
Overly attached dog?
I think your dog is dead
He is pretty hyper but a good dog, you usually have to get him worked up. But he will chase a laser pointer until his paws bleed. 
that thing is blind
My australian Shepard has the Same Exact eyes.
I posted pictures of her a while back
I can't quite tell, is this dog blind? His pupils look undefined. 
No he isn't blind. His eyes are not usually that weird but he hit his eye on something. It's why I took the picture but he ended up fine. He is usually very googly eyed though. 
Oh good, I saw his different pupils and was worried. Glad it was nothing serious!

Hehehehehe hahuhuhuhu HAHA.HA.HA. HA Huuuuu

I was thinking something more along the lines of 


One looks at you, the other looks at the wall. Very Crazy Eyes from Mr. Deeds. .Well done sir. 
From the thumbnail I thought it was a dog wearing a suit..
This doesn't seem like NSFW porn. 
Be careful to mention it in threads like this one. There IS loads of Lion King porn and people WILL post it. Many a childhood has been raped.
I don't get why you were looking for NSFW porn is the Aww subreddit.
Everyone has their own fantasies :p
Point taken
Buzz killington here, I think the real reason for the username was that often gore and shit are posted with NSFW and NSFW should be porn only. I'm still waiting for the NSFL or GORE tags.

Oh god! that's horrible! Why would you post this?
Fairly safe click.
Thank you for ruining everything.
hes "that guy"
Hey it's Baxter...... my dog...and my picture. Only logical explanation must be that I have a alter ego and he has his own account... O_O. 
Oh and here is a whole album of him, not looking as goofy but crazy none the less. I may just be feeding information for more reposts but I really don't care it was a nice surprise running into a picture of him :)
What kind of dog is Baxter? I was thinking Aussie mix?
Picture #6... fuck do I love it. what a cutie
He is a mini Aussie actually. 
This picture best describes how I'm feeling right now.
This only works if he's EATING the paperwork.  So you, to support the excuse the human will use tomorrow morning.
He's also a fan of boobies :) 

Selfies :. lyke teh photo not da link <<3333
That shirt hurts my eyes. :|
Double trouble! They are so cuuuute. <3 
DEM FROGS BE LURKIN
yeah bro, f your house..that frog was probably tryin to catch a glimpse of your package anyways.
I guess you know the differences between tortoises and turtles then.
I should hope so, I work at a hands on reptile camp that teaches kids about all sorts of different pets.. Though I did also feed a (box) turtle some leftover shrimp from my lunch :)
This is a great picture, goes to show how much dogs love/appreciate life :D
go drown you friend, who the fuck is too nervous to anonymously post a picture of a fucking..you friend is gonna get fucked in the real world.
Ya redditt is also full of assholes like you :) so I understand.
Worse than assholes like me are sad pathetic fucks like you who post pictures of cats with bullshit pity titles all in an attempt to collect internet points..It must be a very empty life you live.
DONT GO TO SLEEP
Yeah you know, if you pronounce this in Dutch the first part of the name would be penis... So PenisFritz
Ha ha awesome
Nice pussy
"Hmmm.. So you're still alive...."
The picture should be on a big couch!  Preferably oversized and green.  He's cute though :)
Excellent picture.
Snicklefritz.....
So... You stole his karma by using his pet.
He asked me to because he didn't want to make an account and wanted to see if Reddit would even like him.
It's a cat. This is reddit. .Cat + Reddit = Karma.
Well yes. His cat got me more karma than my cat lol
man if you're friend is "scared" to post a picture of not even him/herself but of their pet on the internet, all done anonymously... I'd hate to imagine what they're like in real life.
He is really cool, but he knows that reddit is full of assholes ready to tear anything they can apart :)
Tell your friend he should bet on Equipoise instead. So says Harry Shapiro.
We don't understand what this means.
I thought Snicklefritz was in reference to the old movie "Stalag 17". Short of it is there are nice who run on a small track amongst other mice for the POW's who gamble on them. One is named Snicklefritz and the other Equipoise. It was a long shot.
Snicklefritz most likely comes from Pineapple Express.."Chris is getting the Snicklefritz."
Lingerers
Ooooh ya he started by calling him Fritz and then Snickel came up somehow.
I figured it was a reference to .. 
Wow never thought of that...
I think that was more the idea.
Stalag 17 was my first thought too.  I had a rat named Shapiro until recently.
That is what mom used to call eveything.
My mom used to call everything Atari and Sega.
HUMAN, I OWN YOU.
I can't help but imagine that white fur spot as a big snaggletooth
Kitten: "What the fuck is that?!?"
how is this not a YouTube video?
Please tell me you read ..
I bet she does. You should probably give those gerbils some Xanax. 
*drools 
Mango (the 1 year old cat) with my 10 week old kitten (Harrison). He is grooming him and letting him 'nurse'. This is a male cat. A neutered male cat. And the kitten is male and not related and has only been here about 3 days.
You're lucky, my Zeus is just now (2 weeks later) accepting that the kitten is here to stay.  They're definitely friends, and will eat together, sit next to each other, but Zeus doesn't realize that he's 18 lbs of cat vs 3 lbs of kitten.  Most of the issue probably being that he's also a kitten (11 months), so I'm constantly breaking up wrestling matches and my poor Zeus just doesn't understand why its wrong..The kitten loves him though, he will try to grab his tail to play with, and then Zeus turns around to play and the kitten turns into "OH GOD WHAT HAVE I DONE" mode..Your kittys are cuties though :)
They'll be best of friends eventually. :)  Mango hissed at Harrison the first time he saw him, but has been fine ever since.  I think it was just his way of telling the kitten, "I'm the alpha here!".  LOL
[deleted]
This is my OC.  saw him wake up, look at me, and then close his eyes again.
Where in the world do all the redditors find all these foxes at?
Congratulations Gonzo! 
Gonzo thanks you. 
For a second... I thought that was blood.
But um.. Very adorable!
not sure if Huskey or mal..... leaning towards huskey
Purebred Sibe Husky :)
Reminds me of Tom from "Tom & Jerry," as a kitten.
My girlfriend and I adopted two cats from a local shelter a couple years back.  .The cats came with original names, but of course we could change it to whatever we wanted. I decided to name the cat I picked to Zero. She kept the name of the cat she picked as Whiskers.  .I joked with her about nicknaming the cat Whisker Biscuit. She hadn't heard of that term before. So with great enthusiasm, as we went to the counter to fill out the paperwork for Whiskers, she says out loud "My little Whisker Biscuit!" in front of the person helping us out. I couldn't help but to laugh. I explained to her what a whisker biscuit was, and she had to laugh about it. I love her ha ha.
The only thing that could make this cuter would be if it were a picture of your grandpa with Whiskers.
Why?
what if he is self conscious of his whiskers
Thats kinda like naming someone beard or nose hair. 
He looks like he's got magnetic fields coming out of his head..(Ref: .)
Those are some truly glorious whiskers.
Am I the only one who immediately thought of Will Ferrell as Harry Carry?."I once took a pair of binoculars and stared at the sun for over a hour." ."Why would you do that?"."Curiosity I guess. Heck I'm curious as a cat. I have a couple of friends that call me whiskers."
Cute!
Haha, I can't imagine what inspired the name.
That reminds me so much of my cat that died due to cancer and feline lukimia. Seeing this made me cry a bit.
I'm so sorry for your loss; I lost a kitty that way in December and your comment made me cry a bit, too. :(.And on topic: this kitten should come with an extreme fluff warning.
Looks like the cat from Pinocchio, but this begin his older relative or something because yeah. Lol
So what you're saying is... he has great magnetic flux?
Yes, Mr./Ms. 1/c.   ;-)
Almost the same markins as mine. Lovely Dane 
Probably made this kid's day. Whether he would admit it or not..Good Girl Mom?
That's sweet

More baby bunny minkkitten snuggle puggle nesty nest pics!!!!!!
Have you ever gotten really mad and just thought about going out there and..nevermind.
Dinner
Nice! You should kill them!
I had the same thing in the front of my townhouse then one day my Mexican neighbor made baby rabbit pancake by backing over one hiding under his POS cars wheels and Im 80% sure they caught the mother and cooked and ate her but yeah, cute.  Lifes cute.  Mexicans are awesome.
At first I thought the title said "Rabbi."
Maw, get me muh shawtgun~ We're having buckshawt and cwitters fo suppa.
Don't touch them please
I fed them to my dog last year
I hope you didnt get to close. If the mom smells you on her babies she will abandon them
What the plan?.Grenades?
unleash the hounds
Mmmm. Breakfast, Lunch, AND Dinner.
I've had to chuck a few of these guys over my fence after my dog got to them. RIP
And then the stabbing began.
a well marinated and well seasoned rabbit is oh so delicious!
mmmmm....vittles 
My cat leaves a rabbit head on my doorstep every once in while..It always makes me sad :(
Do not understand reddit. I posted baby bunnies a month ago and got diddly on it.
Waterhouse D'awwww
kill it. kill it with fire.
Aw, catfood.
My beagle calls those "sliders"
Amazing! TIL rabbits rarely reproduce in the wild!
If you touch them, the mother will abandon them and they will die. (Because of your scent) I would stay away from the nest.
That's totally not true - the moms just aren't prone to standing over the nest - they check back a couple times a day. Still probably shouldn't interfere, but it's not like they're going to be in danger.
Rabbit stew?
"Honey, dinner is ready!"
Don't bathe them either!!.also make your way to every rabbit thread on reddit and be an annoying fucking wet blanket with your rabbit facts!!!
Boil em, Mash em, Stick em in a stew!!
Am I the only one who doesn't find this "aww"? I would be scared as heck seeing these creatures.
Fuck rabbits
This is a ..  Still best to leave them be, but if you have to move them for any reason it is okay to handle them.
Let's not re-enact a scene from Watership Down please. 
Don't touch them. If you do, the mother will eat the babies and then explode.
"My garden is infested with bunnies. It's the cutest infestation ever. Way better than cockroaches. When I go outside, a bunch of bunnies scatter. And I don't want them to, you know, I'm like, Hey, wait, come back. Let me hold one of you...feed you a carrot."
Its a fucking three headed bunny?!?!?
They wouldn't be so cute if you had a garden.
Hazel-rah!
Baby bunny! Hop hop bibbity boo!
We have bunnies, too.  They eat everything in my fucking garden.
Baby wallabies are pretty darn cute too
We've got rabbits and baby bunnies all over our yard.  Can't get rid of them and can't garden anymore because of them.  My Golden Retriever is like buddies with them.  So, they aren't scared and hang out and breed in my back yard.
[There's only one way to deal with a bunny situation like this!](
They may look cute now but as soon as they start tearing up your garden, you'll want them eaten by a coyote.
Those are baby rabbits. Commonly known as bunnies 
BABIES!
And then she ate her babies because her den was found
I have a basset hound, and this is his pot of gold.  I have pulled little squeaking bunnies from his mouth.  They sound just like a toy.  
My basset hound is too busy sleeping on the couch with her fat belly sticking up to worry about some rabbits.
Cant believe i read this damn threadfor 15 mins u ppl need help shit so do i 
Im glad she put them in a visible location. My heart used to break every time the lawn service at my old job would mow these guys down, not able to see them in the middle of a field. 
When I was a kid I stumbled across a rabbit hole that had been run over by a lawn mower. Of the entire rabbit family there was only one baby bunny still alive. I took him in as a pet and named him Hoppy. The stupid rabbit wouldn't eat and died a week later. 
Only one way to eat a brace of coneys. What we need is a few good taters...


keep them safe. a fox got into the one by my house. messy messy.

Eat them!
As a farmer who drives large bush hogs and other deadly-to-bunny-multi-thousand-pound implements, I can proudly say that I break for these cute little bastards.   
Beautiful, life is. 
Soon.
AWWWWW
Your own private Watership down!
Should of stomped them to death filthy vermin.
aww man, give them cute bastards some food and leave them alone. ok ok , you can take one or two .... ok three is the limit.
Adopt them!
There was a nest of baby bunnies outside my house and I didn't take them in and shelter them.....And then one morning I found them all over the ground outside their nest, ripped up..They survived two weeks of rain and flooding only to go out like that?.I still feel bad.
Fiver?  Hazel?
Looks like it's time to go down the .!
BABY BUNNIES I WANT 45 OF THEM OMG LET ME HUG AND KISS THEM..Studying for the Bar exam has made me all sorts of slap happy. 
There's only one way to cook a brace of coneys.
I almost ran over a nest of baby bunnies with my lawn mower.
They so bootoful.
ahhhh :).this make good pie :)
My yard has a family of bunnies living amongst a patch of day lilies. I have yet to see the babies, since the lilies are old and overgrown, but they're in there for sure. The adorable bastards kept taking my strawberries until the cuckes and eggplants formed a nice impenetrable fortress.
The term, " multiply like rabbits" is not about math..Cute though.
Lawn mower time.
...or pellet gun time. 
It was in the bilderberg group plan...
Huuuuuuuuuuuutch!!!!!
Pro tip: .You can make them your best friend with banana. 
Do you have a garden?
clutch brace husk colony warren bury trace trip nest
This is a Warren of rabbits. 
Is it a kind of D
Those aren't rabbits, those are widdle baby wabbits! 
be very careful, i had the same thing in my garden, three bunnies huddled together and my family would periodically check up on them and one morning we found that a cat had brutally ripped them all apart
The rabbit population in my neighborhood sky-rocketed after I adopted this stray orange cat.  He was so badass..Your baby bunnies are cute!  Just please don't try to "rescue" them like every other redditor :)
while picking lettuce in my garden yesterday I too found a rabbits nest... should've mined it for karma...
Please don't try to "rescue" them like all those other karma-whoring redditors.
time to mow the lawn. !!!!
I swear the rabbit population has exploded in North America this year. They are all over the place like I've never seen!
Watership down? 
I've had a family of rabbits living in my yard for several years. They live in my bushes and I suspect they like my yard because I don't have a dog or cat, unlike the neighbors. I generally don't mess with them, they'll even drink from my pool while I'm swimming in it. I'll leave some bowls of clean water out if its really hot.
Oof, time for another cup of coffee. I read that as "Rabbi"...got real excited. 
You're not alone.
I have bad story of driving a lawn mower and not seeing the rabbit hole....
"Wee, sleekit, cow'rin, tim'rous beastie, 
O, what a panic's in thy breastie!"
Be careful while you're cutting your grass.
I read the title too fast and thought a rabbi was hanging out under his shrub. I was confused when I saw the picture. 
They're cute, but you shouldn't spend too much time near the warren or you risk the wrath of the owsla.
I could not click on the picture because I am still traumatized by that scary rabbit picture on the front page the other day with the ugly virus cones sticking out of it head and body.
This makes me nervous to look at. All I can think of is riding my grandfather's tractor mower around, and how close I came to driving over a scene exactly like this...
Bunny babies...so adorable!
I actually just destroyed a nest that little baby bunnies were hiding in that a snake was about to make a snack out of. Took the bunnies over to a nicer area with water and plenty of grass for them to eat. I see them out in the morning right where I left them everyday. XD
At first I was like :(, but then I was like :).
It was a happy ending for the bunnies, not so much for the snake that wanted a meal.
If you have a dog, do NOT let it find those baby bunnies. Even if your dog is the sweetest, nicest most cuddly dog ever. Trust me. You will have nightmares for years. 

:3
soo cute
they are planning something.
At least your bunny mom tried to hide from view.My rabbits have lots of good nesting areas but instead dig holes right in the middle of my lawn and just 25' from our commonly used backdoor. I don't understand rabbit logic.
There is never just one rabbit.  The hump like......rabbits. 
EEEEEEEEEEEE BUNNIES!! <3
When I first read the headline, I read "I spot a rabbi hanging out under my shrubs." LOL
As a 25 year old dude, I have a really hard time not saying "Oooo, bunnies!" whenever I see rabbits. 
Aaww, a lair of aww's.
That's soooo cute!

Minnesota?
It's the cutest infestation ever!
Watership Down.
You mentioned the song "Watership Down" by: America. Learn more about America here:  . | . | 
awww cute :)
Follow it to ..
Throw some carrots down the hole so mom won't have to venture so far for food.  :)
So cute.  <3.They look like they're just about ready to start hopping around your yard being adorable.  Enjoy them!
I stepped on a hole in my yard and 4 baby rabbits ran out.
And down the rabbit hole we go...
I have a nest out back of my house, and until I noticed them I had never known bunnies make such crazy sounds!
Rabbits suck in my area. They're eat all the fruits in my garden.
take pictures of them munching on baby carrots asap.
Don't fall in.
"We've been discovered!"
oh my Frith!
You found a brace of connies!
Flopsy, Mopsy, and Cottontail
aw how cute! say goodbye to your shrubs
SOOOOOOOOON.
Thats adorable until its a hundred of them.
did you drop some lettuce and carrots in there for them?
I want one :( 
SOON
They looked pretty scared, though.
That is a rabbit in its natural rabbitat.
OH SHIT MA NIGGAS HE SPOTTED US DONT MAKE EYE CONTACT
Adorableness overload.
Just out of frame, bunny luvin'.
That's at least enough for one stew!
Wait till they destroy your yard by digging fucking holes everywhere.
Be very careful.  They can be vicious!

Free catfood!!! (.)
How do you think you'll cook them?
They look delicious.
Pick one up, generally wild rabits especially baby ones rarely bite.  
oh shit sticks that's cute! Thanks for cheering me up!
Should've made a left at Albuquerque.
You found stew! 
Hasenpfeffer
look more close-lier
I read to much into 'rabbit . 'out' of something, and was expecting a wtf post. Thankfully I was wrong! 
Be careful, if you disturb them the mother bunny will become aggressive, and because they are primarily nocturnal creatures, this means that you will have an aggressive bunny on your hands during the night. They are able to navigate tight spaces, and when they are driven by this primal instinct, they are able to work their ways into homes causing damage to furniture and even wounding sleeping humans. You don't want to wake up to this.
Rabbits know there will be rabbit stew in their future if there are shenanigans like that, which is why they never escalate things. 
In your eyes " awe soo cute".In their eyes "PREDDITER!!!!"
Wait are those...I...think those are....BUNNY RABBITS!
Best 360 picture yet.
Always remember that rabbits are plotting, cunning, war-like creatures.  Without proper vigilance, they could very well take over your house by the end of the month.
I wonder how long they will chill out in that hole before they are mature enough to leave.
Is it just me or does the one on the left look like it is about to start kicking ass?
A hole filled with cute little awws.
I don't want no shrubs...
Good thing you don't have a cat. Mine always brings home dead baby rabbits. I hate it..
He's got huge, sharp...  he can leap about... look at the bones!
One rabbit stew, coming up!
So precious how good they are bundled up! 
Animal Specialist here!  Best to leave them alone.  Hardly ever will a mother rabbit tend to the babies during daylight hours.  Predators love rabbits in the open.  During the day they are usually off scavenging for food/bedding and only return at night to nurse the young.  I have raised several litters myself.  I usually just put a milk crate with some bricks on top to stop my dogs from jacking with them.
Awwwww
I found . mowing the lawn, I call him Benjamin Buntons 
Watership Down.
D'awwwn*
AAAAAAWWWWWWWW! Gosh, I want a bunny again so bad. A big floppy house bunny that's best buddies with my cats.
Did you open it and find an N64 and a 12 pack of Stella?
My voice just went 5 octaves higher upon looking at this picture. 
Meanwhile, in Australia: 
So it seems every time a species is introduced to Australia that isn't some kind of poisonous stinging monster it starts to take over.  And I wonder.. is that really a bad thing?  Keep importing new species to Australia, maybe they'll take over the scorpions, spiders and snakes and Australia will become a semi-inhabitable continent.
Not enough bunnies in that field, I'm gonna need to see a few more.
Doesn't Australia have a number of cases of non indigenous species wreaking havoc from being brought over? 
Are rabbits kind of a popular meat source in Australia?
Not really, kangaroo meat is sold at butchers, I occasionally buy that, not rabbit though.
I could be wrong but I think rabbits are an introduced species in Australia that is now pushing out the native ones.
how can you feel good yourself when you eat the animal that is the symbol of your country for good reasons? you should be ashamed of yourself, I am sure you do not represent the people of Australia
He's not entirely representative, but that's because a heap of those city people are soft and won't try anything new..Kangaroo steaks are great, better then venison. Hard to cook because it has almost no fat in it. Really needs gentle cooking and sauces to really make it work. There's a species of wallaby called the Swamp Wallaby that tastes so bad even the aborigines decided it wasn't worth eating..Emu is like a big chicken. A really big chicken. One day I will make an Emu schnitzel that takes up my whole stovetop. It's terrible minced..Getting weirder, crocodile is somewhere between chicken and fish, but really tough. Goes nice with lemon..I haven't tried any of the snakes or lizards, but they are edible too..And finally, Echidna is a white meat that tastes really really sweet. It's almost like a desert. You have to basically cook the spiky ball in the hot coals and hope it's done when you pull it open.
Why don't people eat them, i would.
I prefer beef to be honest. 
there isn't all that many people out there...
  Eats everything smaller than it, and is poisonous to any predators bigger than it!
Never knew Watership Down was set in Australia. 
Watership Down Under.
WOW
Hope so, its deeeeelicious.
That's what machine guns are for.
Yeah, pretty much anything that isn't meant to be there has become a huge pest. Australia has more Camels than any other country in the world! 
didn't believe you, googled. checked out. TIL. Interesting shit.
Also I heard (right or wrongly, I'm unsure which) that apparently as they are a isolated pocket of them, they are now a lot more pure bred than camels in their original country. Some are now being taken back to their country of origin to help bolster the population there.
This reminds me - I should call Warren. 
I'm looking forward to the rest of this album- you know, the part where OP finds $2500 and the keys to a new car hiding out in the rabbit nest. 
This time there is the door to wonderland.
wow, you've got all the ingredients of a stew right there. 
Rabbit and... grass?
Mmmm...
Don't forget the dirt!  It's a delicious part of this complete stew! 
yes. 
Taters. Boil 'em, mash 'em, stick 'em in a stew.
Whuts 'taters' precious? whuts taters! eh?

Story time:
When I was about 13, I was living on my family farm where we had two dogs - one jack russell (about 3 years old) and an old retriever (12 at the time). One day as we let the dogs in the house after a morning frolic, the little football-shaped one was covered in blood and what looked like white foam. This was the start of what has become later infamously known as The Bunny Massacre. .The blood and what turned out to be bunny milk was unsettling, but we didn't think there was an opportunity for rescue. This dog was 15 pounds, but I once saw her take down a possum almost twice her size in about 10 seconds, so hoping for survivors seemed naive or at least overly optimistic..Anyways, about 2 hours later as I worked in the garden I saw my other (older) dog carrying something in her mouth up to our back deck - I watched as she made 2 or 3 trips. Turns out she had found the site of the attempted genocide, scanned the bloody scene for survivors, and placed the 3 bunnies which remained alive (although in bad condition) where we would find them..We took them in, quarantined them from the murderer, and got baby formula to try and help them recover. Unfortunately, one didn't make it through the first night. However, 2 survived and we kept them for a couple months. Initially we fed them baby formula through eyedroppers. As time went on, we would shred carrots, apples, and lettuce into a bowl. .When morale seemed a bit higher, and the remaining two seemed to be in healthy shape, we transported them to a nearby park (their own Zion, as it were). It was a comparatively nice ending to how it began. Unfortunately though, we haven't heard from them since
Hahahaha. Well put.
I love heroic dog stories! I grew up with a dog that basically babysat for the young'uns in the house. You know, the kind of dog who would cuddle with/watch the baby, catch the kitten before she fell off the bed.
Well did you change your phone number?
...but please don't "rescue" them! 
You should photoshop her nails orange. 
When I was young, perhaps 9 or 10, my Mom saw me squatting in the wooded area by our driveway being unusually still.  After a few minutes she came out to see what I was up to.  .She scared me as she approached and asked, "What are you doing?". Then she saw I was holding a tiny baby bunny the size of these ones here and she said, "[Jimbol]! Put that back and come inside. Its mother wont like the smell of humans." I looked appropriately ashamed and put the bunny back into the hole but made no move to follow her back to the house.."What?" she implored.  I shifted my weight guiltily and gently lifted another baby bunny out of the pocket of my jacket followed by another, and another.  Four in all.  One by one I placed them back into their hole.  .She says I told her I was "keeping them warm".
me-tis2, a stigmatize I muster up myself
They don't care about the smell of humans.
Aww, that's cute!
Animals don't care if you touch their babies, it's lies your parents told you, or at least . parents told them so children would pick up diseased animals. 
hamsters care. they will eat their babies if you fuss over them too much and stress out the momma. its birds and other wild animals that dont care, i believe
I don't think this is true
Regardless of whether the mother cares or not, baby animals should be left alone.
 we summon you, please enlighten us! Do animals really reject their young because of human touch? 
No, and especially with birds, that's a huge myth!.The reason "touch" might cause abandonment is if the parents think the young are dead, and even that is pretty rare as parents will typically investigate.  
Say that to an grizzly bear mother....
Well, I mean in the sense that they won't reject the baby if you do, they'll definitely .. Don't go picking up grizzly bear cubs. 
When I was babies, perhaps 9 mascle 10, my Mom saw me possession in the wooded spot by our toll road inasmuch as strikingly still.  After a few tally her came out to see what I was augmentation in consideration of.  .She scared me as she approached and asked, "What are you doing?". Then number one saw I was limitation a low baby bunny the take a reading of these ones here and female being said, "[Jimbol]! Put that back and get to inside. Its sister wont riot in the smell of humans." I looked appropriately ashamed and put the bunny get on into the hole but made no rotate to look like them back in contemplation of the house.."What?"house."What?" she implored.  I shifted my weight guiltily and moderately lifted another baby bunny out of the store of my jacket followed by not the same, and another.  Four harmony all.  One in harmony with some I placed them back into their hole.  .She says I told her I was "keeping themselves warm".
No, I mean actually say that to a grizzly bear mother. They would enjoy some conversation every once in a while.
Or accidentally kill them. So many stories about little kids destroying bird nests... ;__;
Accidentally kill them by, oh, I don't know, stuffing them into tiny toddler pockets?
I accidentally killed my guinea pig when I was little. I was excited to see her after being on vacation for a couple weeks. :(
Oh no, piggy ;_; you're making me miss my little guy.
We had a pair: salt and pepper: pepper survives much longer than poor salt. I feel bad for her even though it was 10+ years ago.
A-at least it was comfy and warm?.
Just trying to stay positive. It isn't working.
Only took him out because I thought he was abandoned. Second guessed that, put him back, and the mother eventually showed up. Today he's an actual viable rabbit that lives behind my garden.
Thanks for this!.-Another actual viable rabbit
That's awesome 
I made the mistake of putting one of those little guys in the wrong hole. I almost stepped on one and saw a hole nearby so I put it back in there. he kept popping out and I'd put him back him. I eventually found him dead and felt pretty bad. The actual den was on the other side of my fence under a large paver. I ended up relocating the rest of the yard bunnies. They probably died as well..I've resorted to using red fox urine around the plants and shrubs that my yard bunnies love. I wouldn't mind them if they didn't eat my attractive plants and ruin my shrubs. My dog isn't thrilled with baby bunnies either. She just paces around them not sure what to do.
do you realize you just got this little rabbit killed because now that you've touched him his mother will refuse to feed him, learn about how nature life works you fucking tattoo hipster animal killer
That's not true. The mothers don't care if the baby smells like human. So get your facts straight. 
I'm not sure that's actually true. I've heard that concept was basically a 'kid-friendly-logic' that got spread around to keep children from messing with fallen baby birds or other wild critters..For birds, falling out of the nest is pretty common and part of learning to fly. Sure, a cat or other predator will get an occasional bird, but that's why they lay a lot of eggs..I've heard it's the same for rabbits. A bit of exploration is normal part of growing up. Rabbits aren't too bright, generally, but probably won't discriminate based off a relatively weak smell.
Calm the fuck down. He just stated that the rabbit was indeed alive. He was wearing gloves so maybe that helped. 
Did you seriously create an account to spread false facts?
false facts? I don't where you all live but I live in a farm in a rural area I don't care what internet site "experts" have to say about animals, I live near them everyday so I know what I'm talking about, I've seen it with my eyes, I had a familiar who came to my house and made this mistake of picking little rabbits away from their mother, she refused these two and they died because they weren't feed  
You like to poop on the chests of your victims after sexually predatizing them, don't you?
That's a myth you moron. 

hahaha "an actual viable rabbit" :) like in the picture he's not exactly a rabbit just yet
Nope, not a rabbit, cute baby bunnies are their own species who eventually transform into rabbits, kinda like butterflies 
They have not yet reached their final stage of evolution.
Yeah the mothers actually don't really abandon their litters unless they're dead. It's more they know they can't save their babies from a predator, so they'll hide instead and go back after you leave..TL;DR: Leave baby bunnies alone. They're fine.
Same for deer. Leave the baby deer alone. It's probably not abandoned.
Bunnies do their parenting according to the rule "do your best, but remember you can always have more." Just like the irish.
Except for Bambi. 
Not that you aren't right, but I've saved a fawn twice before. One must have fallen off ~15ft cliff at the edge of a lake. It was able to swim to a 2 ft ledge just at the water's edge but couldn't go anywhere else. It was bleating for a while and shivering, so we carefully moved over to it. Once we got there it actually hopped inside the boat. We covered its eyes with a towel to calm it down and took it down the shore a short distance to where there was a slope instead of a cliff. We released it at the top of the cliff. .The other I saw while wading a local creek while fishing. A doe and 3 fawns crossed the creek up in front of me. The bank was steep and very muddy from previous rains. 3 of the deer made it up, but the smallest of the fawns kept slipping and couldn't get up the slope. I gave it a little boost once I got close enough..I'd like to think both survived just fine, but who knows.
I was more getting at the people who take them home as "abandoned" and try to raise them.
Well, I core in the sense that they won't recant the baby if me engage in, they'll item by item .. Don't tournament picking up silvery bear cubs.
Yeah, I thought it was weird because it was literally in the middle of my lawn with no cover, and there was only one baby. Seemed suspicious but glad I was wrong.
Did you really dig around in the burrow? They are deeper than you think - there may have been more, better-hidden babies in there.
I read this as "there may have been more, better babies in there."
I'm thinking smaller and cuter...
Not all rabbits dig large burrows. Eastern cotton tails dig nests that are only about 7 inches deep.
Well some us of think 7 inches is plenty deep.
Ba dum tiss...
Yeah we looked pretty closely. Definitely just the one. 
Aww. Well high-five for putting it back!
When you looked into it, was it like Watership Down?
I thought my 6th grade teacher was bat-shit crazy when she made us read this book. "You mean you want me to read 700 pages about rabbits? Are you fucking kidding me?".It's still my favorite book. Ever. .6th grade teacher was still bat-shit crazy tho. 
I'm 35 and just finished that book for the first time about a week ago.  .Tears man, the tears.  .  
I loved that book. Though, I do think it was supposed to be a metaphor for capitalism and socialism. I read it when I was pretty young though so I couldn't really reconcile that stuff with a story from my childhood. 
It wasn't supposed to be 'about' anything.  It was just a story the author made up for his daughters on a cross country drive.  They told him to write it down, he did, then it became a classic. 
Oh? Well... I guess my English teacher lied to us. Wouldn't be the first time, I never liked that woman... 
"Lets read a book about fluffy bunnies :3" crazy troll teacher
Which is all fine and dandy until you're mowing the lawn, and these assholes decide now, of all times, is the time to bolt out in front of you.....:(
This has happened .....It really screws up your day, the guilt is overwhelming.
I feel your pain; this happened to me as well
Just doing my normal Sunday morning thing; listening to a podcast while mowing the lawn.
Then I cut one of them in half... 
The others all ran off to safety.
There were bushes less than 10 feet away...
Why they didn't build the nest there I have no idea.
Or when your dad who is a hunter decides to let the hunting dog out to get the babies. I pretty much NOPED the fuck outta there when the dog brought up a baby bunny to show us what he did.
We live in a townhouse complex in a residential area but behind it is a small corn farm and across the street is a big park with lots of wooded areas. It's not uncommon to walk into our backyard and find any number of bunnies, squirrels, birds, chipmunks, skunks, hawks, turtles or lizards and the occasional deer. Over the years we've found a number of kittens int the yard and garage as well. .For this reason we walk around our yard making noise and rustling the bushes before mowing or allowing pets in the yard. We do something similar when starting our car on winter mornings since cats like to snuggle up to a warm motor or under tire wells. Two minutes of prep to save a few innocent animals seems like a good use of our time. 
You are mowing the lawn over their home.  You sound like an Israeli who is inconvenienced by Palestinian residentss when he bulldozes their homes to make way for a Jewish settlement.
Everyone needs to hear the rushing calm of their own opinions from time to time.
Reminds me of the time I was weed whacking along the sidewalk, trimming along the edge when .! "Ugh, what just sprayed all over me!?!" Then I see part of a frog leg on my shoulder. Frogs are juicy.
Yeah, what's up with that?  Why in the world do they build their nests right out in the middle of the yard?  Seems like they're just asking for it -- infanticide.
Evolution theory making a point there.
Yep. I did this when I was ...I don't know...12, maybe. They all left the hole when I was right on top of 'em.  I cried a lot.
Matt?
Same thing happened to me but I got lucky and they stayed in their nest.  .That must have been a mess.
Which is how you get rabbit fever aka lawnmower disease. It's a fairly serious illness take precautions if you are sprayed with blood. It rarely happens but there have been cases.

Reminds me of a funny prank I heard about.  Tape a bag of ground meet underneath a lawnmower... and the person mowing the lawns goes along - the bag will drop and hit the blades - Actually - after typing that out maybe it's not that funny.  Just pictured my dad screaming - yep it's funny.
or until your 100lbs dog decides to play the old toss the bunnies in the air and the roll on top of them game. 
This is also why you don't try to "play" with Seals or Orcas (as in the case of that one unfortunate soul who fell into the tank with the Orca). Their version of playing is a lot different than yours. 
That's partly why I'm never getting a dog
My dad's lab decides the various prairie dogs and other rodents he finds on the farm should try out his own pool..That or he flings them through the air. .And since he's a hyper kind of lab, it's kind of hard to take those away from him.
Really? That's one of the straws that's breaking the camel's back?
Seriously... I would think it had something to do with training them, or how freaking expensive they are. .My last dog shit on our guest bed... While cleaning the top blanket, she shit on the sheets... while cleaning the sheets, she took the largest wettest dog shit I've ever seen in my life on the mattress. Still wasn't a deal breaker, despite having to buy a new mattress, haha.
why didn't you close the door?
I did :( the doorway had shifted some since building the house and the door no longer stayed shut. She learned she could push it open. I tried multiple other methods of keeping it shut but nothing was successful, clearly. It was worse because the door needed to be open slightly to allow the cats to enter because thats where the litter boxes were. And we would remove them except this dog loved to eat the cat poop, so we we trying to restrict access to that as well. Best scenario would have been to put a cat door in the door and figured out a way to actually keep it closed. Sigh. She was a headache but still worth it.
My parents put a latch on their basement door to keep the dog from going down and eating out of the litter boxes.  Like a hook & eye thing.  They put the "eye" on the door frame and the hook on the door so that it keeps the door open enough for the cats to get through, but closed enough that the dog can't get through.
That... Would have been smart. I feel so dumb now, haha
Dog shitting on the guest bed three times... why would he pick that place as a good spot lol.
I don't know!!! I definitely would have preferred that carpet :( The guest room is pretty removed from the rest of the house and we never go in there so it makes sense that she would choose that room... As for the mattress though - Maybe she just really liked to be comfortable while she shat?
ALL DOGS LOVE TO EAT CAT POOP. Didn't you know it's a canine delicacy? Seriously. 
No but it IS the dog that broke the bunny's back.
But then the bunny made a full recovery and lived a long and fulfilling life with a successful career as motivational guest bunny, inspiring many other bunnies to believe in themselves and follow their dreams. 
D:
better than breaking the bunny's arms
This. I've had to remove THREE nests from my backyard this year because my Great Dane and Weimaraner find them to be fun "toys" to play with. 
My cat and my St. Bernard had one in the middle of the yard yesterday but hadn't hurt it yet. So I took it and put it in a good area where they couldn't bother it anymore.  Thirty minutes later here comes my Brittany Spaniel with it in her mouth "playing with it".  No need to take it back this time.:(
To be fair the dog did seem to be having the time of his life. 
How is every one finding all these kittens and bunnies!?
Can someone find baby foxes? PLEASE!?
I found a bunch of rabbits a while back in their den.  I see a couple of them in my back yard looking for food so I'm assuming the rest died or left the area.  My cat loves giving them the thousand yard stare from the back door.
i found a full grown bunnie right outside my back door yesterday!!! with its head chomped off and my cat was feasting. Ive never seen her kill anything, at first i thought she just found it and brought it up, till i went to throw it into the woods and found the head under it. for a usually indoor cat, shes a cold killer
Ugh I know. I would do anything to find a kitten alone and sad so I can take care of it. .I'm still waiting. It will soon be my turn. 
I could swear this is a repost! I've seen this exact picture on Reddit before probably not even a month ago.
Not sure where OP is but there is a fuckton of rabbits where I am, I once saw 5 rabbits hanging around at various places in just short walk around the neighbourhood. Never have seen any stray kittens though. 
Its the time of year when bunnies have babies
I find them with my lawnmower D:
Kitten? I thought that was a squirrel..Edit: Oh gosh, I'm embarrassed... those are all bunnies, aren't they? 
Depends where you live, of course. I was living in the foothills of the Wasatch Mountains in Utah and rarely saw wild animals (deer sometimes, that was about it). I now live just outside DC in a dense suburb and there are rabbits, squirrels, deer, foxes and raccoons. The first three I see daily, foxes and raccoons not as much. At any given moment I look out my window I'll see 4 or 5 squirrels and 1 or 2 rabbits on my property.
I'm pretty sure if I saw a squirrel playing with a rabbit, I'd die of happiness.
I think it has to do with natural predators being displaced/killed by people while non-threatening pests like deer and rabbits can multiply unchecked.
One time I saw a rabbit, a squirrel and a bluejay all standing roughly in the same spot. It felt like a Disney movie.
If only they picked up your clothes and helped you change into them. 
My chihuahua found a baby rabbit once. I don't know where she found it, and I don't know where the burrow is.  I just know the meeting did not go so well for the bunny.
You made me do a double take to look for the kittens :( needless to say I was thoroughly disappointed. 
Im sorry the adorable bunnies weren't enough haha

Bunnies are so easy to find. They have made nests in my yard at least like five times. Maybe they like our grass or something.
Where are the pictures?
Unlike most redditors I don't feel the need to take a picture of every single thing I see... plus this was my old house I grew up in.
I haveba sad, but relavant, story to tell.  Once upon a time I worked for a mowing company and was one day happily mowing a baseball field at a church.  Happily and speedily mowing, when all of the sudden I noticed a nest of bunnies and tried reaaly hard to miss.  I didn't.  Bunnies everywhere. :O
In my neighborhood it's pretty easy. Just keep an eye on my next door neighbors deck. That's the preferred location their cat brutally disassembles and consumes bunnies.
They obviously open their eyes wow how else would u see stuff c'mon redit
They have reddit for iphone aka alien blue
Come to . and someone can maybe help you find some kitten and bunny spawn points.  
Nice way to grind for xp.
On a Summer Day.I happened upon a field.Holy shit! BUNNIES!
Classic xPussySlayerx
Baby bunnies get abandoned by the mothers during the day and will often leave them in small patches of grass or tiny holes.  Mom takes off for the day and returns at night to take care of them so that she doesn't attract predators.
baby bunnies are also called kittens.....
I thought they were "does", like deer?
It ready-to-wear alterum distressful brace present. But on top of I remembered rabbits are prolific breeders and resolution martyrize my sharecrop, so that meh.
Does are females of breeding age.
How about dem, and dees?  Are dey of breeding age, too?
nice
A ray is like a drop of golden sun.
me-tis2, a name I call myself
I thought they were "does", esteem deer?
Fa-r where everything you want is. 
i think that's just girls
DOH! I misread "baby" as "lady"....that's why I said that about does!....guess I'll go put my glasses on, now....
Correct! And males are bucks.
If it makes you feel better, I didn't find the two rabbit holes in my yard..The dogs did.
My cat found a hole on Easter. It looked just like the bunny from that movie a couple years ago. Only deader.
Donnie Darko?
no (but that would've scared me even more) the kid's movie starring Liz Lemon's husband and Russell Brand.
That made me sad
It made me sad both times. But then I remembered rabbits are prolific breeders and will destroy my garden, so meh.
BUT THEY'RE CUTE
HAHHA REDDITORS DON'T KNOW HOW TO SOCIAL
"Now you're just some bunnies that I used to mow..."
This is right up there with the, "In soviet russia, bomb disarms you!" comment. 
LOL
Oh... I got it.
You didn't have to cut me up!
Have your friends collect the pieces
Guys, you're breaking my feels. Just BREAKING THEM. T_T 
And make a lasagna 
I prefer hedgehog to be honest.
That doesn't even make sense.
oh, but it does
_
I don't need you in my lawn..Now your just some bunnies that I used mow.
They go outside.
But there's that huge bright burning thing in the sky..
I can confirm this is correct because I was outside with my weed wacker and totally killed a baby bunny that was hiding in the brush I was cutting down. So I know they are out there.
All I find when I go outside are wasps and deer flies.  Why can't I live in a place with rabbits and ducks and things?
Yup. Wasps wasps wasps and more wasps. Occasionally a squirrel who runs away up a tree.
Noooo, no no no no my good friend. See, OP here has not nearly been a redditor long enough to receive his/her surprise shipment of bunnies/kittens..Only once he/she ascends his way through the politics and red tape. Then he/she shall be rewarded.
The Day Moon is so scary though...And at night time the blood suckers swarm.
But... the Civil War happened outside...
Damn Yankees!
Worse yet, World War II happened outside. I can't go where World War II happened...
FTFY
But... outside? With the roads and the... people? OHGODS THE PEOPLE.
I heard the Civil War took place outside.  It's fucking dangerous out there.
The outside is a scary place.
People... Those bastards.
Don't worry. All the people indoors, so you'll be the only one out there!
HAHHA REDDITORS DON'T KNOW HOW TO SOCIAL
We sorta forgot how to people
Bind term splotch to your adventure sou, a lifelike Devonian saver, self here and there stride.
IT MUST BE FROM ALL THE SHOUTING
I'm very social!  I only play multiplayer video games!
The graphics are waaay better outside
There's a reason outside is the most played mmorpg 
Stop it please. This joke has been done a thousand times.
So, DLC is repetitive?
The resolution is straight up mesmerizing! (oh yes, I did)
But they haven't been upgraded in like forever.
Pffft. I'm sure it's nothing a GTX 680 can't handle.
But I have a high-definition monitor.  It's got . than the real world!!
If you install the 20x20 vision pack, otherwise the render distance is just terrible
I needed to install a patch when I tripped and lost one of my graphics cards.
and you run faster with a knife.
And it will be done a billion times more.
But the storyline is terrible.
I think mine is broken, my sexing never levels up.  No matter how much I grind, it remains a 30 second activation with a 3 hour cooldown.
i find it to be very open ended
Yeah. Terrible
Like your girlfriend. HIYO.
His girlfriend is my favorite character.
we can always use one more ;)
Not sure if serious. Regardless, you had to have seen this coming.
I just like the fact that the guys name is I saw this coming and this happened

quirky, but awesome
I was about to suggest that they take this conversation to the appropriate forum.  Outside is the greatest game ever!!!!!
but it takes 9 months to spawn
Nah, it's a bunny. It takes about a month and a half to spawn. 
It's worth it.
Once you're low HP, you better find some health cause you can't respawn.
That's arguable. Some say there are provisions in the code that allows possibility that one might respawn, but they retain no benefits from their previous spawn on any conscious level (which is why there's so much skepticism that the code actually exists. No-one but the Devs has the source code). 
Just use the Big Daddy code
They really should make it open source already.
Hot Coffee?!
Just be careful, it's like hardcore mode of Minecraft
Diablo.FTFY

Why not just Minecraft? At least I don't feel like I'm getting fucked over in Minecraft all the time :P
Respawn mechanics are wonky at best.
Well what did you expect? The developer made it in only 7 days. 
Gameplay is terrible, there are a few fun parts, though.
Couple of cheats here and there and you'd be running the place
The best cheat is PEPPERONI PIZZA
Yeah, it's mostly just grinding all day doing the same meaningless quests over and over again.
Grinding for loot is way too life consuming. 
The minigame I play with my wife is the best.
Reality has very poor gameplay mechanics.
The UI is far too minimalistic too. 
There's a cash shop and it's pay to win. Balance is terrible here.
Bind space bar to your action button, a real time saver, you rarely jump.
Fuckin' Buttermilk. What an booby.
Some of the NPCs are assholes though
Poor AI.
only some?
And the UI is too simple. 

I had a dog names sweat pea... my other dog was Popeye :)
How is everyday alive for this dog not considered torture?  My wife's childhood dog got to this point and the only humane thing to do was put it down, becuase it was constently scared and in pain.
She has ample medicine, but lately she hasn't been doing too well. The arthritis and cataracts are very, very recent. She's 14 years old and a rescue dog; my aunt has had her for about 5 years (She's my aunt's dog. I'm watching her for the day.) I'm not sure how or when she lost her eye, she didn't have it when my aunt adopted her. But now that she's developing those other problems, I think her days are numbered unfortunately. But she's still a sweet, loving little thing. 
Yes, yes you are.
Proud looking kitty haha 
not sure if cute... or rape...
Awww that is so cute. I'm about to take my japanese chin there for the first time. I wonder what she'll even do since she's so docile.
The woman I got him from told me he is black lab/miniature doberman. :o He's a strange one for sure.
Daww he's so cute. Any ideas what his breed(s) are? He definitely looks like he has some Border Collie in him :) 
He was super frightened and had wedged himself behind a speaker. He's free now!
That's a bird, in case you were wondering. 
that pug is on drugs... its eyes are dilated as fuck man! haha

Look at dem ears!  He's adorable!   .On a side note:  I think I have a pair of those pants as well.  
Hawt
At the top there is an other discussions tab that says nine months ago he did the same thing!  And he hasn't grown at all!  OP does puppy have a growth condition?.OP, it also says you changed your username.  How does one go about doing that?  
Sluuuuuuuuuurrrppp
10/10 you SHOULDN'T bang
I think your keyboard is stuck in sarcasm mode!
Tis true.
What happened to the rest of them? 
You should have got two of them and named the other Saku..Edit: I'm a complete idiot, and read Koivu. Carry on.
8 other people are uploading their karma as we speak.
The house was put foreclosure and the owner abandoned them... We live really close and called a shelter turns out they were all pure breed German Shepard and we got to adopt kovu!  
Better.
But if you keep it inside like we did, it will sleep almost 20 hours a day... we have two and they both struggle to keep awake :P
That's how they start. Give it a week and they'll be the most energetic (in a good way) member of the family.
Hey, look over there!! ::steals adorable puppy, while no one is looking::
Awwwwww..Get him fixed in 6 months. .You don't want him creating more ditch kitties! 
what are you feeding them?  Is there cashews and corn in there?
Just your standard bag of rabbit food that you get at petsmart. Idk what it is really but it's not cashews it's like little dried crunchy things
That looks like a midget version of my dog 
Ok. I have a dog that looks exactly the same. I believe he is a mix of a heeler and a lab, but I am not sure. He is absolutely energetic and super friendly. What breed or mix did they say your little nugget was?
She's a purebred German Shepherd, all black with a little white spot on her chest too, I think she's beautiful

Oh I'm in love with this little guy. You are so lucky to have this gorgeous nugget :)
There's nothin' quite like a pink puppy tummy. Beautiful critter. Thanks for sharing the pics.
Good thing it's being tenderized that will make a nice stew
The black cats expression is so perfectly timed 
"i eat the cat"
No, Mini-Me, we do not gnaw on our kitty.
I have sometimes gently nibbled on my cat's ears. They don't seem to mind at all. 
But, why not??

Aww, kitty!! 
Those are some amazing whiskers.
aww, nobody should have to go through that alone. 
It looks like there's a turd on the floor near your pants. .Also, after I lived with animals, pooping alone became a sad thing. Lucky you!
he'll fall on his back, wave his paw over his face like that and squeak - not meow, until i rub his belly <3
-Will never again have to worry about getting laid.
gosh darn it
Let them eat . flavored cat food. 
They should all be so spoiled.
Let them haz cake! 
redheadkfe makes me warm and fuzzy inside much like Flap-Jack. Well dome to you both
Your pup is such a perfect mix of Shar Pei and Golden...he is amazingly snuggly and I want a cuddle right now. =0) 
More pictures!  Glorious smooshface is glorious!
majestic as fuck.
My thoughts exactly.
I have the same fan!
Hard?!
There's NOTHING like a good book and a kitty! 
I miss my kitty (run over - no more outside kitties!). Nothing beats a kitty and an issue of the Economist or a good book. 
There is no squee big enough for this one.
"My [f]irst time.  Be gentle..."
Let me show you how this ends up...
So you're saying that baby cats turn into real, full sized ones?!
More that my tiny grey kitten that liked to lay on his back turned into a giant grey cat that just lays around on his back. 
You mean.. kitten?
A what? No, a baby cat 
S/he looks like mew
Two of mine have thumbs.  One of them has opposable thumbs.  The other just uses her extra claws to smack the dogs.
It has a belly button!
I think you misspelled "awesome" :)
I have a polydactyl as well! She is very awesome and actually uses her extra digits like little hands it's kinda freaky how she can open doors,grab toys in her paw, she even will sit and chew on her nails like a human! It's the strangest thing I've ever seen, but I love her to death :) funny story too: when she was a kitten I took her to her first vet appt and the vet was delighted to see a cat with thumbs. Told me a man had come into the office once with a Hemingway kitten and with a very concerned and serious look on his face told the vet "Sir I think I have one of them pterodactyl cats..." Priceless!!
More toes. More hunting power. These were favored in ye olden times when mousers were much more prominent. 6 toes are MUCH better at gitten that mouse off meh boat.
When evolution finally gives cats opposable thumbs we're screwed. 
Aww so cute! I have a kitten who has eight toes and claws each paw. It's amazing because he can actually hold my finger and pulls my hand/arm to his chest when he wants attention. :)
They're called Hemingway Cats, and my cat is like that too!
All I could think when I saw this is :" Aliens"
Hmm...I may need to get a polydactyl cat.
My Dad had a cat like that once. His name was "Power Paw".
Your cat is gorgeous.
Not just a polydactyl, but bipedal too!
"Aliens."
cooool
I was originally going to say "I like your pussy."
MY poly Polyhymnia's nickname was "Punch Paw."
You absolutely should they are delightful! The best is watching them grow up and learn how to use their thumbs- so much fun.
Cats with thumbs . . .they don't need us any more.
What kind of dog is he? He looks exactly like my little fluffernugget but we don't know what kind she is! (She was a rescue).
Oman jo edesmenneen koirarukkani konduktri mrsi alas penkilt.
Joo ei oo varmaan tarkoitus ett elukat istuu penkeill. :) Meille ei tosin tultu mitn sanomaan.
He is a mix of Karelian bear dog and flat coated retriever. Pretty awesome fella!
Oh. I always though mine was part collie part spaz. But yours works too. Sounds much fancier. 
He loocks like a very lazt cat he shuld be sent to somewere were they teech cats to work hard for happyness.
Or in some cases...beat it! He's a little freak like that and will purr up a storm if you beat on him. :)
That's right... rub it... RUB IT!
I think ill name my next kid Gussy..
I have a very docile cat called Gustopher (Gus) who only ever lies on his back like this. He loves tummy rubs and cheese.
Is that beauty and the beast in the background?
Apparently Gussy feels the same way about you.
A playa named gussy.
Ah, the old "rub my tummy" trick. Fallen for that way too many times. 
hi
Good thing the name ain't Gassy.... 
Aaah, I read ".. my friend's p**sy" 
Omg are you watching Sailor Moon??
You know that's right.
I came to this thread because I was 101% sure it was Sailor Moon.
Maybe it's all in the name! Gustopher is an awesome name btw!

Pretty sure thats futurama...
Ah yes, I see the second moon now :)
You're in love with a cat?
They legalized gay marriage. What did you expect?
OP is a liar.Capital "L" - small "i", small "a", small "r", period..(The Ref)
My friend wasn't but I was watching Sailor Moon the night before at my house LOL. Watching from First episode to the Last again +specials +movies.
Go to rub the Tummy and suddenly your hand is being bitten and scratched.
Go to rub the Timmy and suddenly you're in jail.
God I fucking hate my iPad sometimes...
I actually am kind of curious about what's on TV in the background.
I think its the episode of Futurama where Leela finds another cyclops is isnt actually a cyclops.
Nevermind, I was wrong. I need to read faster.
fuck the name gussy lol
You are honestly the worst troll I have ever seen. Have an upvote.
upvoted returned, friend.
I think we're all in love with Gussy now.
Sick!
I think I speak for all of us when I say i want to stick my face in that tummy
Yes you can!
Daww
Very cute, the bow is.
The best thing to come home to. They're never disappoinyed. 
That face on that kitten is of pure content.
I also have a cat named Harley. :) yay for awesome cat names!
That is some serious cuddling!
Daww! Looks like BFF status has been achieved.
As a 32 weeks pregnant lady... This makes me smile and tear up at the same time!
Straight to the front page with you.  
Stop making messes, Fals...
I like how your first reaction is to take a picture of it.. 
Looks like you interrupted a very private conversation. 
I think you might be right. 
How long did that take you? 
Surprisingly I didn't plan on it they just both looked up at the same time and actually stayed like that. Which is really strange.  For them anyways. 
Sophie is pretty! Enjoy your new pup!
I heard it was a difficult choice.
That is a sweet little chicken.
Great name for a dog!
I'm so happy for the both of you! There's no better companion than a dog!
So cute, congrats on being coming a pet parent :)
She looks terrified.
Is that cat missing a foot?
Just a blurry foot; she really wanted to come in.
     .Also I find simon's cat hillarious...
BRUNO!!
Barnacis
Barnebus, Barnes, Barnsley, Barnett, Barnaby, Barnum, Barnhart, Barnacles, Barnes
Fish bait. 
Barney
Yeah he didn't quite do it right.  But I'm pretty sure he doesn't care.
This is actually a rare photo of Walter Brimley as a child.
Bae caught me snoozin'.
Too cute!!!
My gf loved Coke too.
Nawwww :3
Only the . dogs steal pillows!   ;)
 
Enjoy it.
These things are great. They even play FLAC and OGG files.
This has to be great to use for workouts/ running.  I'm getting real tired of having my GS4 strapped to my arm when I run.
I have to say, I'm hugely impressed so far. Plus 32gb SD and soundmagic E10 for ~80 total. Can't complain.
I heard a Sansa once (similar to this one) and I dind't like how it sounded. But anyway, I wonder how there still are people listening from a smartphone when a player like this would sound better and go for weeks off a single charge...
It seems pretty good, though the earphones are excellent (for the price) so it may just be that. Sounds as good as iPod classics, and definitely better than the last shuffle (its main competitor, I guess) I heard.
Drag and drop file adding is such a treat as well.
It does give the product dimensions, but to be fair, not everyone reads that..It's adorable!
Best little monster ever. 
What dog?
Leroy the Female Cat.
Well she's my neighbour's and my friend and I named her Leroy before we found out she's a girl, neighbour doesn't really know hot to look after her other than feeding so she spends most of her time at my place meaning she only responds to Leroy 
I love this Noodle. May I have him ,please?
Noodle is so lovely.
Noodle that is a great name! 
The second pic looks a bit like Mike Rowe to me. Cute pup!
Why the long face?
Dawwwwwwwwww.  Especially that last pic. :D
Our doxies do NOT like changes either. Everything has to be in its place or we hear about it. Our cleaning lady picks up their toy bag and puts it up on the wet bar to mop the floor and neglects to put it back down. Everytime after she leaves my Frankie goes over to inspect and barks a high-pitched yip until I put his toy bag back where it belongs. I finally got the cleaning lady to put it back down when she's done but Frankie still goes to inspect it to make sure it's right.
He looks stoned off his ass in the third picture. 10 Dog
OP, meet 
Id love to know more about Noodles story! I have a minpin who looks and acts similar to what you're describing. 
Noodle rocks.
Noodle is pretty incredibly lovable
Love him! 
Kinda looks like Snoop Dogg...
r/picturesofnoodlesleeping
Thanks everyone! Noodle is a pleasure to have and we love him (and his quirks) dearly. 
Noodles melts my heart. I love dachshunds. I know how he feels when it comes to change too. When my husband and I moved from our first condo (670 sq ft) into our first house (1,760 sq ft), I had panic attacks and cried. Our whole living room set up fit in one of the bedrooms, and we set it up exactly the way it was in our condo (which helped me cope). It took a couple months for me to actually enjoy all the space and benefits of living in a larger home. Needless to say, I don't rearrange stuff much.
You should really trim his nails. 
Noodle is one of the most adorable dogs ever. 
What a handsome dachshund. My little guy's ears do that when he lies on his back too, and we call them bat ears.
Noodle looks so cuddleable
he is amazing, what breed is he? I need a buddy for my chi 
I'd be willing to bet Noodle is an Italian Greyhound/Dachshund mix. 
Dat lower lip!!!!!
Can I have him? I would stare at him for hours and just laugh because of his awesomeness
Awww, what a lovely little doxie!.I have one too and he's not fond of change at all. If anything is the slightest bit out of place he will stand there and bark at it until we put it back. I wonder if it's a dachshund thing because judging from the comments, my little one isn't the only one who does it.
I love his "Hug Me" tag! He is so cute!
He's full doxie. We've also been asked about Weimaraner heritage too. 
He's a miniature (that part is a joke) dachshund. 
I use simple dog to describe him often. He has many simple dog moments. The booties is reminiscent of our struggle with collars, he drug himself around until I took it off!
*Snoop Lion
I love your Noodle! ....wait that doesn't sound right :/
Mr. Noooodle. Uugh I read it in Elmo's voice.
Damn it Mr. Noodle!
You'll get her one day :) 
I tried to do this once to my cat sleeping on the bed. I still have the scar (8 years ago)on my thigh from him and its 6in long! Never again.
".ong have you been gone??"
This made me cry a bit...
Wow the chair scene brought the feels.
That dog's brain just exploded. With puppy love :D
wow! he's gorgeous!!
A fellow Angus will always have my upvote 
He's right. 
Didn't that happen the otter day?
Well just paws for a second. Clam down. I see what you did there.

He is magnificent! Enjoy the time you live with him!
Your friend is a good person. 
I can't breathe! I can't breathe!
Actually, its really easy to have a bird drown this way. They can't swallow easily on their own, so if you do this again make sure the bird can actually lift its head straight up to get the water down
Nice.
Drink motherfucker DRINK.
He did need water by the way, she wasn't drowning him or anything. He almost fell into the pool.
Until he tips over the bottle to much,and drowns the bird

You traded him an hours worth of questionable nutrition for years worth of companionship?  Wow you are a sick individual.
Polka and rap.
Did you just fuck up, or did reddit?
Teach that dog to WIPE!
Now we cuddles <3
And already plotting, you have a mutiny on your hand!
"I canz smell purplez."
This just made my day. So adorable.
The showering one got me!
So cute!!!
no eminem? downvoted to the fiery depths of karma hell!
(   ) that's a fine looking puppy. 
You're so disturbing 
I know he wants me. 
He does not! He just wants your milkshakes!
Pretty kitty
Black cats are beautiful at every angle.  
Freaking awesome!  Chihuahua mixed with Jack-Russel?
You know, I've got no idea actually! It's my friend's new puppy and I didn't ask. I'd imagine something like that though. He also has a 2 year old from a previous litter so they're quite the little and large duo at the moment!
Can I have it? Plz?
Though she's cute, that dog isn't really that small.  I've met a teacup poodle that weighed MAYBE two pounds and was the most hyperactive thing I've ever seen. 
Shoes not the best thing for scale. 
pour out some liquor for the homie He Pingping
That thing is probably double my dog!
What if you're feet are just massive?
Shit I've been rumbled. Cheese it!
If he runs away you will find him in Australia
Ill be honest he loocks slightly retarded to me.
Looks like one of the more interesting cats in the world!
Is it a male calico ?! :O
"Ta da!!"
I need to go punch a wall to get my manliness back from watching that. 
My brain just exploded from the cuteness. 
That's how it all starts. 
Thanks for the repost.
Seriously, where are all these people finding kittens??
It's kitten season. Seriously. This is when kittens get big enough to wander off; when terrible people dump whole boxes full of kittens where they think someone else will deal with them; when there isn't a single opening in any cat shelter. Keep your ears and eyes open, and you might be lucky enough to have a kitten find you. 
I will be sure to let reddit know if I am lucky enough to have this happen. :)
They aren't, but it makes them feel better so we let them have their moment of anonymity. 
Good guy OP. My asshole neighbor shot the groundhog eating his plants. 
Cuties!
Oh they look so cute!
thank you!! :)

You adopted dogs many people would have passed over. Good on you.
Insert computer mouse joke. 
That could have gone in a very different direction.
They are! 
Aaawww! Is it a jerboa?
A cute one. Yes it is. I want one.
I wish I could upvote this 100X's more.
A very handsome boy.
Michael J. Fox is NOT allowed on the windows.
Has a smile that looks just like my parents dog. Cute.
Did you call him Chance?
His name is Domino. From the ARL post: 
where is this??? i literally just brought in a stray that looked exactly like him like 2 weeks ago... friendliest adorable dog... unfortunately ive already got 3 dogs... so i didnt have room for him...
Des Moines.
How wonderful :)
"Greetings humans, for I am your new dog Domino."
DAT SMILE!
Maaaa! I'se a big boy now!
Exactly!!
Not funny!!
Oh gawd for a second I was like noooooo! He's a cute puppy! Why!?!? Then had to see the comments lol glad he's just down on the floor very cute puppy! What kind of breed? Would love to see future puppy pics
Hmmm... don't remember the breed. Belongs to a client, so it's always a pleasure to drop by for some . uh, work.

You had me scared me for a second there.

Oh, that was so wrong. lol
I know, I know... started out with a cutesy title but couldn't resist!
My dad was a reptile breeder when I was growing up. I used to love grabbing these guys by the handful. :) 
Tan one: That's right ladies I'm looking to mingle.....
no shit!
baby beardies?
Yup, crazy to see them so small when you know how huge they get O_O
I bet they are still amazingly fast too!
Too god damn fast! 
This is cute! I don't know why you don't have more upvotes, OP. :(
She loves naps.
She loves maps.
Oh, how she loves to take naps on maps.
I was doin fine till i saw the asthma medication pic....this melted my heart :(
No matter what, Evita is winking. Because Evita knows something that you don't. And it's probably funny.
I read his name as "Boner." That would have been better.
Oh, he's been called a lot of things...He's been with me through college, military service, a marriage, a divorce, 5 moves to 5 different states, family drama, boyfriend drama, road trips, and a whole crap load of other nonsense over the last 12 years.  Best friend I will ever have! 
I hear that!
The Asian gene ALWAYS wins. 
I feel like someones gonna murder someone
That dog is trying to snort the tiny frog!
You're going to keep it I presume?
I am allergic to cats but we will find it a home.
Wheres the rest of the dog
What do u mean? He's all there! 
He's so skinny though 
Yeah, so so skinny. Is he part greyhound? 
Yeah, he's two years old and still a scrawny little guy. He eats more than his chubby sister, but burns it all off running and playing. He's German Shepherd/Lab/Doberman. Might have a bit of greyhound in there too :) 
That bird has some serious patience.
Colonel Sanders would disagree.
Dogs are friends. Not food. Dogs are friends. Not food.
Baby robins are the definition of 'idiot'  :-)
Crazy bird..... 
Definitely! It was so odd!
Ahhh, now that's love 
Oh yes <3 he's our rescue. A vet gave him to us after he was saved from a puppy mill. He was the only puppy out of 9 to survive (because of pure-bred problems) and we're so thankful for him every day. He's the best dog we've ever had, next to our adorable lab  
Is that a half tiger, half zebra? Its so cute
PLEASE HELP!!!!
He knows a guy that can save you 15% on car insurance. 
Omg I love his name!!! So Cute!
maybe because your looking at links titled "Dog sex gone wrong".. :D
Huh. Sasha's grey...
Pretty
All I'm seeing is big cotton pussy.
Omfg, cuteness overload.
 think she has an owner? The collar?
I put it on her. My cat grew out of it.
What about her paw?
It's broken for awhile now. A scab grew over it and she walks on the joint now.
Beagles are the worst kind of dog. Only those ugly, droopy hounds follow them.
NICE SMILEE
SOON!
Aww is he kneading that blanket? He's so cute!
I know where you sleep...
today me, tomorrow you... grrrrrrr
Alright, now its your turn. And I don't need to hire someone else. 
Soon you shall share what I have experienced...
Why is this in .?
Here's a little more info on the new family... 
NSFW... Not Safe For What?  
I'm trying to find out why, but no one is answering me. They're just kitties, jeez.
Upvote for your username, it's awesome!.And to you OP,  fuck you. I thought there would be boobs so fuck you hard.
nomsters?
Wipe their little faces, what the hell OP. ;.;
Its not disguising.  They are programmed to want to suckle.. so when you switch a baby cat to food they try to suckle the food.  That is why they have food all over their face :D  And oftentimes, they are VERY hungry and freak out whenever they can't have access to food...which means they try to suckle the food as fast as possible.  Its so cute :) And also... a little sad.  I'm glad the babies are being fed now, and I hope they find good homes soon!
2 cats 1 bowl. 
Disgusting
Somebody opened the ark! 
Kittens are not very good at the whole "getting food in the face, not on it" thing, at first.  Hence, food mask.
Still disgusting. I wish I could vomit all over them.
Naww that's cute, so hungry
I laughed really loud when I saw this picture!
i was thinking the same thing
they'd let you... especially if it was cat food
Lol. Damn. I have nothing for that. You win.
Is he unchained?
Django unclipped! 
Django Uncaged.
The colorfull lil singing house slave called django !
Gorgeous colors! Wait, was that racist?...
I like this. I like Django.
Maybe not, but the D . silent.

How many? She looks tired.
Five. Four male and one female (from what I could tell :P)
Meat*
Awww, he looks happy
Male or female?
Are they vaccinated?
Inmates
And another kid was born!
AWEEEEE
Just a couple of buds. 
In the thumbnail image the dog looks like its the cats shadow.
I love a cute little GSD!
"Which way did it go George?"
I think my head just exploded.
 .it's ok bro. I wish I could do that too...
Dog wants a bit of pussy looks like.
" shh shhh shhh it's ok it will all be over soon"
Look Simba, everything the light touches, is our kingdom.
"you must always look both ways first kitty"
i love that photo sooo much.... 
fleas
Humans can learn a lot from that picture.
Great picture, thanks.
I read your title as: My Mom's pussy with the barn cat..Sorry dude.
samesies
Always traipsing around town with that low life hussy barn cat! I raised you better than that boy! She doesn't even shut the door../shakesspoon
I upvoted this picture because.
Well don't leave us hangin'!
Someone is definitely going to repost this with a fun title and rake in that precious cabbage.
I'm pretty sure putting the paw on the kittens back essentially means "YOU'RE MY BITCH, BITCH"
Absolutely. It's a display of dominance.
He probably saw the cat without his leash on and panicked.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Multiple bot posts in a thread with only 20 comments would make me want to get the IP address outta the server logs and drop the entire class C into the deny list, but that's just me.
No no no...stay right fucking here.

What kind of dog is that? 
I reject the premise of this!

wow
Just chillin with barn cat.  I like it.  
In my house, when my dog does this to my cat it means "I'm going to hump you in 3...2..." (but yes, the photo is really cute)
It's a German shepherd puppy, most likely 2-3 months old.
thank you, fiveskinn
yep. 
I have a Lancashire Heeler and he looks just like your mother's puppy. Makes sense now that people confuse my little guy for a German Shepard puppy. Thank you for sharing.
He's claimed that kitty as his/hers. :)
yeah, it's a sign of dominance.
came here to say that, dog whisperer
I respectfully disagree. A dog will use its head and neck as dominance. 
mounting is a dominant behavior that does not involve the head & neck
Dogs may think they are in charge but really the cat owns the territory.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Fuck me that was a quick reply. 
It's a bot. A silly bot.
Fucking terrible bot. 
You should consider limiting yourself to one reply per post and not posting in .. It's getting annoying.
Hate to be that guy but...dogs show dominance by putting their paw on another animal. 
Don't worry, if the cat wasn't ok with the paw it would probably scare the dog away (specially because it's a puppy). 
Not dominance in this case, just ownership. ."My kitty" .When a dog throws it forepaws (in a mounting gesture) over a dog in play, that's dominance. .EDIT: Clarified my own thoughts in parenthesis. 
I have a lot of problems at the dog park with dog owners who don't get this - their big dog lays a paw on my smaller dog... And it's not gonna be a good time...
"Mine."
Pro tip: If you hate to be that guy, don't.
Came to say this.  Have a border collie and 3 cats.  The border collie always does this cute maneuver right before she starts madly humping one of the cats to show them whose boss.  Other than that, she's never aggressive towards them and will even play with them, though.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

This is always posted in comments with pictures like this. Can people just stop trying to be "that guy" for the karma and realize its a cute picture regardless?
It doesn't detract from the cuteness of it though, right?  The fact that the dog feels dominant over the cat doesn't rule out the dog liking the cat. The dog may very well love having the cat around, and the cat may like being around the dog, in spite of the fact that the dog is obviously the dominant one in the relationship..Coming at this from the point of no knowledge on the subject: I'd like to say it's akin to an older brother/younger brother relationship. The two may very much like each other and enjoy being around each other, even though I'm sure in such relationships the older sibling often makes his dominance in the relationship pretty explicit.
Yeah, my dog and one of my cats have a relationship like that. The dog will put his paw over the cat, sometimes, and often the cat will "call" the dog - he'll meow and the dog will get up and go see what he wants..The dog does get it in his head to fuck with the cat, some times, so I see them as siblings.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

The barn cat's shadow looks like a dinosaur. 
Or a cats shadow

tree stars anyone? 

There's a cat that lives in our barn. It gets in fights with our cat and has been observed giving no fucks about vultures in order to feast on some deer carcass..That cat is fucking metal.
My uncle had a barn cat like that. Rattle snake attacked her and she got bit on the face. She gave zero fucks, killed the snake and eat it while her face swelled up. .Snake bit her on the nose. You can see the lack of fucks even around the bite. 
Haha reminds me of honey badger. Gets bit in the face while killing a super poisonous snake. Swells up and passes out, then wakes up and feasts on the snake it had murdered a few hours earlier. No fucks given.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

I really need to stop browsing reddit while I am tired.  It is hard to type and I read fostering as frosting and was confused.
Your girlfriend looks like a guy.
Cute kitties. Uber playful I'm sure. Good on your gf for fostering :)
me in the pic haha
Love it! He looks surprisingly happy all dressed up. What a cutie.
PUPPY IS SPY
Too bad he forgot to get his nails did.
He must have heard you guys bought him blue buffalo. 
Hahaha
Adorable!!! 
Looks like K.K Slider
Cute and all but already in a gang? Seriously? Smh
Upvote. Cat + box = karma
Keep all arms and legs inside the boat, it's a land shark!
"Uhm, oh dear this is quite embarassing. Wait a minute... how come YOU are home early?!"
But she fits so perfectly!
Did you beat her?
Nice place! 
LOVE that chair!  I can totally see why you have the rules - lol - somebody's in trouble!  ;-)
Daww look at that hound! Also, your chair is so pretty. Would you mind telling me what brand it is? 
Thanks. Sure, it is made in Canada by Kroehler: .It is not listed on their website but they do make it. I like it because of the wood and because the arms curl in (rather than out like most furniture). 
i think my living room would basically be designed around that chair...
Common, who could raise a hand in anger to... that.
Basset basset basset basset basset basset basset basset..I love basset hounds!
At first glance it looked like someone was holding a knife at the left 
Would be a shame, if there was.. I don't know.. A poacher somewhere
Upvoted PURELY because you allowed the cake to do the talking for you. Though the elephant is quite adorable.
Is it time to repost this again already?
"But mommy. I don't wanna go home." -the last one I saw.
Elephants piss me off. that is all.
ah, what pisses me off is human idiots.
The thumbnail is kind of misleading when small. .I honestly thought it was a man with a hiding a knife at his side with a baby elephant  crying in the distance.
That is not cute at all, holy shit that baby elephant's creepy!
"Thanks!" -Obama


No one click on this link! Completely unnecessary 
Completely unnecessary?  Really?  I sort of think it a bit relevant that people understand that poaching must be stopped if you expect to see many more pictures of baby elephants here on ..
Dumbo!
DUMBO!
maybe he can use them to fly
I can say, with absolute certainty, that is the cutest thing I have ever seen.
That's what . Mom said too.
Mrs. Juuuumbo?
That brings tears to my eyes. What a beautiful baby. .Elephants are so amazing, and so endangered. I look at this little guy and think "fuck poaching!" Elephants are so much more than their tusks. 
Tell that to the 
Boy, your daddy has that same problem. I got the ears.                   .You know what? They just out there for you to listen to people's problems.
You're an angel. These are your wings. Flap flap.
Uhm I think I'm the only one here but.. Gratz with your cakeday! 
For humans: Your ears will not stop growing. 
That's Willie Nelson.
Cute little Dumbo <3
what a dumbo :o
This is SO cute!!!!!!! It's a little hard to comprehend the level of cuteness!!!!
So I'm just spit balling here, but if the purpose of an elephant's ears is temperature control (since the ears are thin and filled with blood vessels, they bring the blood into contact with the air thus allowing them to dump excess heat) wouldn't a larger ear to body ratio mean baby elephants are cooler than adult elephants?
That's very possible, and perhaps it's to ease to stress on their itty-bitty (though let's be honest, there's very little that's itty-bitty about even a baby elephant) hearts?
My mom use to say the exact same thing to me.
well that was a lie.
"But don't let humans see those teeth of yours, lest they lop your head off."
That dog looks strange. What is wrong with his nose? I hope he isn't sick!
He looks like Mother Teresa with the way his ears fold over his head. Adorable.
Can we replace the phrase "puppy eyes" with "baby elephant eyes"? So dang cute. 
God damn that's adorable. 
Can someone put an "Abandon Thread" title on there? 
Needs more JPEG
Because . I want to hug every baby creature..Except for baby spiders. No.
1000+ upvotes and only 9 comments? I feel like I should say something.. but.. but I don't know what :(
We hashed out all the good comments yesterday or the day before that when this was last posted. 
"You all oughta be ashamed of yourselves. A bunch of big guys like you, pickin' on a poor little orphan like him. Suppose you was torn away from your mother when you was just a baby. Nobody to tuck you in at nights. No warm, soft, caressin' trunk to snuggle inta. How would you like being left out alone, in a cold, cruel, heartless woild? And why? I ask ya, why? Just because he's got those big ears, they call him a freak. The laughing stock of the coicus. And when his mother tried to protect him, they threw her into the clink. And on top of that, they made him a clown! Socially he's washed up! Aw, but what's the use of talkin' to you cold-hearted boids? Go ahead! Have your fun! Laugh at him! Kick him now that he's down! Go on! We don't care."
I read that, aloud, in his voice...  .=*(
Why hasn't science developed dog-sized elephants? Nothing would make me happier than having a pygmy elephant as a pet.
I'm willing to bet there was a proposal to develop dog-sized elephants.  But the asshole scientist in charge of the project had a severe peanut allergy and he knew damn well he wasn't going to inflate the budget by hiring some interns to feed all those peanuts to the elephants.  So he just told the science community that nope, it can't be done, and they took him at his word.
"hire interns"?.People get paid for this?
how much are you willing to bet?
Tens of dollars, or however much it would cost to pay some interns to feed peanuts to ever-shrinking elephants. Whichever is less.
I'd do it for free
Reminds me of Dumbo..Also, if you have not watched that movie as an adult, you should. It's fucking horrifying. 
I miss when Disney had balls and weren't afraid to put out things that would disturb children a bit in the process of entertaining them. That pink elephants scene still weirds me out, not to mention the donkey scene in Pinocchio and the part in The Three Caballeros when Donald has what appears to be a psychotic episode. 
I want to find the book that Dumbo is based on. Has it been totally Disneyfied ala Winnie the Pooh? Did the book also include a pink elephant interlude and tons of mild racism?.Just rewatched Dumbo this week and baby elephants ftw. Also cried at "baby of mine." a lot. 
No. As a child, Bambi made me sad. As an adult, Dumbo actually crushes a little of my soul. 
Bambi is sad, it makes me tear up!
The scene where his mother is in the cage and cradles him with her trunk...oh god...I can't even...
That scene never bothered me as a child. Now that I'm an adult and my father has passed away, I can't watch it without weeping. 
You mean this scene?
FUCK YOU
The only thing that routinely makes me cry like a little girl is that scene, even hearing "baby of mine" starts the water works. :(
But I be done seen about everything.
When I see an elephant fly
I heard a fireside chat, I saw a baseball bat
 And I just laughed till I thought I'd die
 But I be done seen about everything
 When I see an elephant fly
I seen a peanut stand, I heard a rubber band. I even seen a needle that could wink his eye. But I been done seen any ever'thing when see an elephant fly..My first Disney movie 
Baby elephants are under appreciated in terms of their cuteness.
I just saw this HBO documentary . and it really made me see elephants in a new light. They are really beautiful creatures.
...and their lovemaking abilities. 
[deleted]
That's absolutely adorable! Wow you are an incredibly lucky person to be able to work with those. Are they pretty tame? Also, do you ever ride them?
Oh, I bet he rides them.
God damnit, I keep forgetting to read usernames.
You just saved me from clicking the link, I just want you to know your sacrifice wasn't for naught.
What was it? The user and post/link.
A long cute story with a link leading to gay porn and NOT elephants going down a slide.
Confused, I came here to feed my Pikachu . Now i just want to visit a trundra.
All puffins are adorable.  PUFFIN!
Everyday I'm puffling
Those little blue eyes <3
Patches O'Hoolikitty: Adorable M.D.

Dodge, Duck, Dip, Dive.....Dodge?
Those eyes are staring into my soul.
The resemblance is uncanny.
Beautiful
I have this same mattress... queen size. Held up without leaks for 3 years now!
I think the fact that it has a hole has something to do with Ms. I-Must-Sleep-Upon-Something-Squishy. :D
He's a good dog.
Pathetic.
Poor man's cat castle.
You put the black cat in the black box?  Racist...
No this is racist:.Those are Asian food-crates and the cats are the food.
"Cats can't reddit"
Thanks for clearing that one up.
American bulldog/mix. American bulldogs commonly have the eye patch markings and also have that brindle coloring and the small floppy ears. 

Id 
 definitely say pit/boxer mix
A panda?
Shes a mix of sugar spice and everything cute... I want to hug her.
Too freaking cute, that's the breed!
Well, looks like it's got dalmatian in it.   
that looks just like her... thanks!
Black and White is my guess.
Definitely has some pit bull in it. Cute dog!
I'd say boxer or pit mix
awwwww tofuuuu
Squeeeee!!!!!!
Freaking adorable!!
Wazzzzaaaaaap
And just what makes you think that she's NOT? :)
The quadrupedal state of being, among other things. Also because she's too adorable to be the evil that is humans.
There's nothing in this world that's sweeter to me than the look of pure joy on an animals' face! 
Suprise!
Give him/her food.....Now! 
Can't see the eyes. My contrast must be screwed up. .Give me a minute.
After Johny? The cat in black?
Johny 
Cat's are afraid cameras will steal their soul.
Midori?  But, she's ....Confused.
When she was a kitten her eyes were green, nope. And her brother Skoshi was tiny and we thought would stay that way, nope he's huge.
No mama?
I would name this cat Spock
Did you ditch them after a one-night stand threesome and not call? That's usually why they-- .-- oh.
Sooo cute. If you don't mind me asking, how much did you pay for him? I'm trying to get my boyfriend one but I heard they run around $1000 
Got him for 900$. Best thousand bucks of my life!
me, pretty often lol
My dog is almost 13 so he usually gets worn out after about a block haha
Sweet :)
Hello gorgeous! Looks like a goof ball! :)
Please just say you adopted him.
I wish! She's absolutely adorable, but my parents don't like dogs :(
You need to take him to the vet, his teeth are not in good shape which can ultimately lead to a shorter life span. 
Awwwwwwwwww
No no, they are brothers though!
Siamese twins?
Note to self: Pocket Cat.
that aint no muthafuckin lil guy.  fuck off troll
that cat is going to piss in that pocket.
So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
Wtf can I marry you and live in your pocket too 
D'AWWWWWWWWWW!
Want!
Gahh kittens in pockets!!!
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Too cute! Thanks Lol! 
So you basically stole a cat to get precious karma?
Love it! Pocket kitten! 
I wish my work had bring your cat to work day!
My last job was in a large office and it seemed like EVERYONE had severe allergies and we couldn't bring anything to work, ever.

All these people with the adorables walking into their work...Where do you all work, where can I find these adorables!?
Why'd he have a kitten in his pocket?
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

I knew pocket pussies were getting popular, but sheesh.
Aww such a cutie.
I wish I worked in a pocket.
HELP!  I'm being pocket picked!
I think this should become mandatory.
Huh. That's a new twist on "pocket protector"...
My son works at Midas. One morning while opening shop he found a tiny kitten by the building. He kept it in his pocket and in the top of his toolbox all day. He named him Midas and took him home. Midas is now 1 year old. He's super cute. 
If he needs a litterbox, he can head over to . 
does he stick to the velcro??
I vote we start a new sub for this. Shirtpocketkittens? 
 available now
Epic aaaaaaaaaaw
She works in a kill shelter...
Pocket Pussy
Pocket pussy?
I think that PETA is going to be on the phone soon. 
Hey look at my pocket pussy
This is why we named our cat Pocket :)
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

<3
awww, so cute!! did you take him home? 
No, he was for the manly guy in the picture. It was just so unexpected and cute, I had to get a photo.
Makes you think that manly man is even more manly huh? If not you, then I think so for sure
POCKET CAT!
Everyone needs a pocket kitty.
One step closer to a POCKET WHALE!!!
Eh, it's ..
Pockat. 
well the kitten doesn't look very comfortable; poor thing :(
This should be the new fashion, instead of pocket squares.  I'd really prefer to see a nice suit dressed up with a tasteful kitten than a peice of cloth..Gentlemanly accoutrement!
More like gentlemanly acCUTEtrement!
This idea is GENIUS!
A plush kitty (we don't want any injured cats) on the pocket!
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Document more of the lizard's travels.
Screw surviving the flight. Bucky survived the kids on the plane? That's impressive.
I shall stick my tongue out jn your general direction..Seriously though beautiful horse
Just need to find him a name 
My cat does the same thing. But i guess i because they like the smell of ass.
Aww! My dog does much better when he's wearing his thundershirt.

OMG A basket of cute!
I made dis.
Help control the pet population.  Have your pet spayed or neutered.
Cans I has one?
If you are in the northwest Georgia area I'm sure my friend wouldn't mind
Ohh..so far. So far..
Just have it overnighted
I moved to Asia last year. Those babies are too little to be transported. 
Real life warm/fuzzies! 
I've always wanted a basket of puppies. 
She looks so proud 
"Holy fuck, I'm tired."
More puppy pictures?
She's got that sarcastic smile of "Oh, I've made a terrible mistake"
"I created these"
Every post with a mother and pups/kittens, someone posts this. Stop.
It's obligatory!
If not a rescue that was already pregnant or some other weird situation: SPAY YOUR DOG. If you answered yes to pregnant rescue or other weird situation: cute. 
Spay your humans as well
I spay all my humans. They do look adorable in that little cone when they're done. 
Pictures taken at the San Francisco Zoo 
Leopard gecko, 2 months old, in their coconut shell :)
That is actually cannibalis squirrelis having lunchl. 
Your dog is clearly a dude.
I see it now, No wonder everyone thinks shes a boy
Dude/Dudette is interchangeable in Australia. This looks like a cultural failure to communicate on my part. I've always owned bitches and it's never stopped me from thinking of them as dudes. It's not important really. Hugs are.
Rep- aww who cares look at its widdle crooked legs!!
He was only about 2 inches across. He wasn't touched or disturbed in any way other than by the light, which he seemed to be kind of curious about. The hole he was crawling out of has 2 adult tortoises in it - I assume close relatives, if not the parents. This was found in Phoenix, Arizona.
My bunny, Max. If you pet him long enough he stays in the position you put him in. .Disclaimer: Bunny is not actually drunk. 

You should tell your friend that black face isn't considered PC anymore. 
She's Native American its war paint.

why did you post about it on reddit? Go play with your dog
My apartment complex doesn't allow us to have dogs over 15 pounds. I kept it for the night, but I had to pass it over to one of my co-workers this morning until I find another owner.
I would hope you have a hundred or more and about 1000 messed up shots you just can not bear to delete
According to iPhoto, between my wife and I, we have close to seven thousand shots of him. But this is a rare shots where it is in perfect focus, the lighting is amazing and he's mugging for the camera!
...ok.
Sorry for the lack of a title. Im still learning the ropes..Nevertheless, the title was supposed to be: This guy will do anything for a tennis ball
Correction: everything in the pic/you/anything in its immediate vasenity belongs to the kitty
Tasty!
Awww....apparently making other babies
nom nom nom!!
Cool
I instantly got the chameleon song stuck in my head!
Attack on Human!.       
I guess Zerk and Shirts got those fuckers to mate
Wonder how many are . in the picture
They look like baby Tharks...
babys
The Sha-meh-leh-ohn....
This made me so happy for some reason 
Reminds me of my mantises when they start to eclose form the egg case. Both are cute little buggers :)
They look like candy.
I can see them
I want one!!!!!!!!!
It's a veiled threat!
Did anyone else spot the 10th Chamelon?
Awesome, chameleons look freakin cool
whatttt. crazy small
They're not very good chameleons. Considering I can see them.
totally read this as baby watermelons... I'm slightly disappointed  
I'd love to hear what Ted Mosby has to say about this!
Relevant: 
THEY'RE LIKE TINY LITTLE GREEN MONKEYS! I want one.
I read that as baby charmeleons...
came to correct that as = charmander.
Those faces make them look wise beyond their years 
Charmanders?
The real question is how many are there in this picture?
They look like beanie babies, to me.
And the channel whatever that wack show real world is on
Girls like swarms of things, don't they?
Awwww! They are great, majestic creatures!
oh. my. god. they are so cute. they look so fake
TIL anything as a baby is cute
Everyone keeps posting about chameleons lately! I want one but I'm not allowed to have pets :(
I have never before given much thought to what baby chameleons looked like.  Now that I have, these are somehow smaller and cuter than I expected.  Bravo!
I love their cool little alien karate-chop hands.
Two-toed freaks!! I want one.
False, baby charmeleons are called Charmanders and don't look like that.
And when they grow up, ..
Oh wow those Koalas look amazing.
I count 1, 2, 3...wait, where did that one go? Where are they all coming from!?
One ring to rule them all...
Don't tango with the Rango
They're much better when pronounced "sham-ey-ley-on"
I'm overdosing on adorableness. 
They all look so smug
Yes please Ill take one male. 
They will turn into total assholes.
They look so curious
It made me wonder about "deep fried baby chameleons"...
Ok boys, this is our chance.  Get 'em.
i want one so bad but if only they stayed small forever.
LOL THE FEW ON THE LEFT ARE ABOUT TO HAVE SEX HAHAHAHHAH

Yo they look like they got that serious pink-eye, dawg.
Are they as difficult to care for as I've heard? I remember seeing a gorgeous orangish veiled (I think) chameleon at a pet store as a kid and have always wanted one since. There's a pet store down the road from my place that has a pair and I've considered it.
All I see is a hand.
Nothing says Karma like a handfull of baby Chameleons. 
You're killing them by touching them. When chameleons are touched by humans, their lives are significantly decreased in years.
My cousin's eyeballs look like those guys' eyeballs
I recognize this repost anywhere. Those two humping on the top left sparked my memory.
But I can still baby see them. I wonder if their meat is baby tender.
The ones on the thumb are starting strong
 is the top comment not "So these must be karma chameleons"?! 
awww! Cute!
i think i just fell in love.
These chameleons are about 1 month old, that's about the age I got my panther chameleon, .. This is him sleeping on the bottom of his cage because he's way too lazy to climb up his plant (chameleons are rarely ever seen at the bottom of surfaces; they always climb to the topmost of plants/structures). 
When I first looked I only saw the 2 on her hand .. Then I looked around
They don't seem impressed
we used to find trees of these little guys like once a week when i was a kid, now im lucky if i spot 1 every 5 years or so. (south africa) is extremely sad
THEY'RE EVERYWHERE!!!!!!!!!!! RUUUUUUUNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!
I actually squee'd out loud at this pic!
I'm in love.
The dino foot gets me every time. 
Baby? It looks like that one in the upper left is already getting into the swing of adolescence.
Fake! We can see them clearly. 
These chameleons are not quite babies, but still fairly cute: 
Why do all Chameleons put on that derp face.
i think they look very dapper 
Oh no he's forming a chamilitary!
Where?
Even the babies look like grumpy old men
LOOK A THEIR LIL' MITTENS OMG
That's what everybody does...
How cute, they don't even know how to camouflage yet.
Is it just me, or do chameleons always look like they're stoned?
I read this as "Baby Charmeleons"
I got really excited and then realized I'm a dumbass.. Those aren't a real thing. Silly brain.
damn that rap music
Who else was just expecting a hand and no chameleons?
I think I'd like to paint my pecker green and let the little guys and gals pitter-patter all over, up and down. Do chameleons dart their tongues like snakes? .Or are they too young?
Prepare for insurance to be sold all over the place.
Lol I thought the title was baby watermelons so I didn't see the chameleons and were like damn those watermelons are tiny.
This should be tagged NSFW it has animals having sex.what if the dick is camouflaging ?
Very kool!
*cool
They're not having sex. They climb on each other. Something like sibling rivalry, I guess.
Shhhh...  Just let it happen...
This looks like a fish tank.. With no chameleons in it.. Just two fish on the left side?
My joke has failed.
Shoot... I mean... Look at them all! There must be about 7 of them. 
This guy understands me.
hey guys if you could look at my subreediit . and post some good stuff ill make u a mod if u ask <3
And they are orange. OP is lying to us.
They're fucking ducks anyways.
The one on the bottom is looking straight backwards!
I read this as "baby chamaleons" 
Classic Schmosby!
Okay, Ted.
For anyone wondering these are Veiled Chameleons. Basically the most common kept chameleons as a pet and the most hardy. However, in general they do not enjoy being held. 
Nor do they enjoy living communally. 
Karma karma karma karma karma chameleons!!!
Karmelions.
came here to say this, but searched first, you deserve more karma.
Me too. Guess I'm not all that clever. I'm still good for upvotes though!
Didn't see them at first
There's 10, 4 on hand, 2 on leaves next to hand, 3 in the upper right corner and one on the leaves top middle.
love!
Uh oh, here comes the karmeleons!
to have that many chameleons, you must be a.... 
Awesomeeee.
Where?
I don't see them either.
If this post makes it to the front page these will be karma chameleons.
Oh my god I love them so much.
Just came here to check what people had said of the top left chamelons
I've actually thought about buying a baby veiled. Are those veileds?
They come and go.

They're like baby grandpas! 
1280x854:
I need several thousand and I needed them yesterday. 
You could always go back in time.
Omg, why can't they just stay that small their whole lives 
That's what she said?

Some species do, or at least close to that size. Like the Kenyan pygmy leaf chameleon! .(Not my photo, btw. Just from google.)
TIL Baby Chameleons are adorable
I had no idea how cute they were and right now I am melting.
Too bad most of them grow up to be ornery little buggers. They don't really do well with being handled in most cases, and if kept as pets, they're really more for looking at and not for touching. They stress very easily, and that can unfortunately speed along their already fairly short lifespans. I used to have a veiled cham, and he was an absolute dick. Gorgeous and fascinating to watch though.
Same here. Fascinating creatures until you reach into the cage. Ow.
Like someone lightly smashed a hammer on your hand or finger right? Not excruciatingly painful or devastating but still mildly shocking and unpleasant. At least that was my experience.
Indeed. They are pretty string for their size.
Cartoons lie. The ones on your hand should be hand-colored, damn it.
I was fully expecting to see a picture of someone with their hand out and nothing on it.  Feel free to take this idea, copy the title with FIXED at the end, and farm some sweet karma.
They actually change color depending on their mood, not surroundings.
That sweet, SWEET karma
it takes time to adjust off the leaflets, I'm sure after careful inspection you'll notice the ones in her palm are completely invisible. 
I counted eight, but with charmeleons, who knows? haha
I think there's actually ten.
I counted 9 there is one that blends in really well on the top right.
I count ten. Six visible in the front around the hand, three at the top-right, and one in the back-middle facing away.
Aha! I knew I was missing a few. That back-middle facing one... took me a while to find it even after you pointed it out. 
So young.  So angry.  Damn that rap music!

There's nine. Nine! Nine! Nine!
What's so surprising about a charmeleon?
edit: He wrote chaRmeleon. I'm just messin with him.
Oh I just meant there could be one or two more in there I missed, since I'm blind and they're skilled in the art of camouflage.
Well I'm sure you didn't miss a charmeleon in this picture. Not so sure about their skill in the art of camouflage though..edit: He wrote chaRmeleon. I'm just messin with him.
I'm ashamed to say I didn't catch that! I was just thinking about pokemon, so I accidentally derped. 
In a conversation about Pokemon, was that intentional?
...maybe.
Shhh! Just say yes.
Karma Chameleon: 
Holy crap I've never seen the music video for this song before...
I still haven't because this video is not available in my country...
I knew I wouldn't be the first to think of this. 
Damn, I was 3rd. Well at least I got bronze. 
I started singing "baby, baby, baby chameleon... you come and go, you come and go" when I first saw the title. 
And that makes me an also-ran. Sniff. 
goddammit... i was at least gonna say "karma karma karma karma karma chameleon"
Baby Pascals :)  
No Elmo chameleons!

I just want to get one, name him Pascal, and have him be my best friend. That's literally all I want.
could've sworn the title said "charmeleons"
FTFY
Karma karma karma karma karma chameleon!.Sorry, I had to...
I can't believe I had to search so low to find this
Red gold and greeeeeen. 

What's happening on the top left there? _
Someone always beats you to the punch.  I think I just made an unintentional pun.
Making more cute babies for the next picture. 
Awww so cute...and there fornicating  
Looks like some early sexual maturity for those two.
I don't know but my wife said: "awww... are those baby Geicos? " :|
When two chameleons are in love...
He looks like he just came.
Where do you think baby chameleons come from, after all?  
Exactly what I was going to comment.
One of them is about to stop being a baby and about to become a man?
They are hump
That's called rimming.
Wrestling. 
He's just helping his baby bro chameleon by tilting him on top of that hand.
"Here bro I'll get you from behind!"
It would be polite to camouflage themselves.
One job, one.
Apparently the camouflage is a myth. 
lets ask .!
It's not a myth. There are types of Chameleons that can in fact change color.
This is hilarious and insightful. Commenting to save for later. Don't mind me. 
damn that guys voice. Almost hold a candle to morgan freemans voice
I enjoyed that. Was that Morgan Freeman? I want him to be Morgan Freeman. 

Not entirely true: 
While there are a few types that change color for camouflage purposes, the type mentioned in that article (common chameleon) doesn't have that ability.
Just one setting - but it's . good.
Indeed!.In my defence, since I'm the OP of that post (front page oh yeah), I never said they camouflaged because they changed colour.
Exacly. Camo is camo, dynamic or otherwise.
That was amusing.  
That was more entertaining than I expected.
TIL
I LOVE THOSE VIDEOS and I'm so glad someone mentioned them! Upvote for you, sir.
I say this every time one of Zefrank's videos comes up. Go watch his non "True Facts" videos. They certainly make you think. Plus his mystical gaze is hypnotizing.
 I beg to differ O.o
Had ads; didn't watch.edit: I don't have time in my life to watch every video posted on the internet. Appreciate this colorful and original variation of TL;DR
You missed out .

thank you for the weird part of youtube wormhole.
adblock if they bother you so much
shh. someone has to subsidize the videos for us. 
Go back, watch it. .Zefrank1 vids are . worth a video ad. 
Never forget auto-focus
What park was it?
, a small but nice park in Denmark. :-)
Thanks, cute piggies aswell.
Not that kitten, god i hate THAT kitten
Awww but Kitteanu Reeves Loves you! 
Jesus, Melvin. Get it together.
Awwww. Vet first then tons of fun with your new kitty :)
It's mister meowtrashface! so cute I wanna pet him all night
I'm a little afraid to ask but what in the world are stress poops?
When he gets very upset he gets diarrhea. On the ride home when we adopted him he shit all over me, and later that night he was sleeping and woke himself up it was so much poo. He jumped, diarrhea still coming out, and left a trail all the way to the litter box. He has only had it one time since though, and he was worth all the poo.
Not nearly as terrifying as I had imagined.  Poor thing. I'm glad it sounds like it's something manageable.  I couldn't imagine shitting myself to the toilet every time I got stressed out.  Such a cute cat. 
It looks like booger is coming out of his nose. He is still cute, though. 
Everyone always told me he looked like Hitler. We decided Charlie Chaplin was a less horrific place to take the name from.  
Was Adolf Kitler not kosher?
I wouldn't have minded but I'm positive our 4 year old would let other kindergartners know her cats name. That would be mildly awkward. 
Tis a handsome fellow
Are tumors in hedgehogs a common thing? I own one as well and have done quite a bit of research on captive African Pygmy Hedgehogs. . . But for some reason I've never come across anything that has talked about tumors before.
Yeah they're pretty prone to cancer. She's getting old (3.5 years) so it wasn't completely unexpected.
Very photogenic Doggy
Dog looks awesome, but more importantly good choice in car. My dog loves driving in his sti too. 
SQUIRREL! 
That secret service agent has cat-like reflexes.
What's the story that goes along with the abandoned kitten?
I volunteer at a hippotherapy center overrun by barn cats. One cat, more like a teenage kitten, had a litter. Because she was so young, she rejected this little guy and left him in the road leading to our little parking lot. I left him in a shady area (it was 108 that day... yeah, Texas) for 3 hours, and momma cat never came back. His health deteriorated so I decided to save him. He still had his cord, so I guessed he was around 3 days old (too big to be younger, vice versa). To this day his littermates and mom have not been seen (out in the country...foxes, coyotes, etc). Or she could have just moved them. Well, I had no experience with bottle feeding but I've got it down now. I've spent all of my money on this little guy (sixteen year old allowance.. wah wah), and I get up to feed him every three to four hours. It's tiring, but one of the best experiences of my life.
read rule #4
Do you know what size of puppia harness it's wearing? I want to buy one for my 6 month old Dachshund
Its an XS
I would not get ANY work done if I had a drawer dog. The cuteness is simply too convenient.
On a scale of 1-10, cute as shit...
You wouldn't happening to be hiring at work, would you? 
Those eyes would make it totally worth getting out of bed for work!!
that second dog doesn't look to healthy.
Dobby will have to punish himself most grievously for coming to see you, sir..
Dobby will have to shut his ears in the oven door for this.
Hope he's filed under "W." For weiner.
Hey, I keep my lunch in the bottom drawer too!

You're like bizarro Angela Martin
Take bandit!
One of the best scenes...  
Daisy may grow up looking like this:
. 
Amazon?
See below for answer.
Yep. Door-Desk and funky rolling cart.
"Please don't shut it again."
No work getting done there. 
Is that filed under D or W?
A for "adorable"
It's a good thing to keep your wiener in your drawers while at work..It keeps you from being reproductive.
Is that one of those new shredders?
my first thought was ninja turtles...but then i realized she is in a desk...papers..shredder...i see what you did there.
btw for those who care...her name is Daisy. She bit me on the nose the first day she came in...kind of a bitch move if you ask me.
Is she a doxie?
Dachshund is correct. (yes i had to look up the spelling)
It looks like a Jack Russell Terrier but I can't be sure.
Really, you think they look the same?.Or was this just a reference to the girl that got bit when she stuck her face into the face of a dog that didn't know her?
he's joking i'm pretty sure since it's obviously a doxie
is that lettuce?
Red lettuce, yes 
Kitty is plotting & getting suspiciously close
Did you know that rabbits most likely prefer the green tops of the carrots more than the orange root?   Damn Looney Tunes perpetuating decades old stereotypes.
Really?  I'll have to go buy some of those then! I only have big rooted ones cause I eat those at lunch and he gets my leftovers haha

Well he's all by himself and he deserves a treat
The red-tailed hawks will thank you!
I swear you can see the tears running down his face! Must have been such a relief! :)
Would have sworn I was in 
It was! I was laughing and crying all at the same time. Its my boyfriend in the pic. and he was definitely a little misty eyed.
Fantastic!
i wonder what the odds are?  pretty low, i'd guess. 
Yeah, we thought he was a goner for sure!
Glad you found him safe and well. He was probably thinking what all the fuss was about.
Oh yeah. He was super happy to see me for about 2 minutes. Then he was like whelp I'm going to get back to catting, it was nice to see you.
My cousin worked with a woman that lost her Bengal. The SPCA couldn't find it, there was a large cash reward for whomever found it and she was obviously devastated. After a couple weeks of no luck she went out, set up a homemade trap and filled it with the cats favorite treat. Needless to say she caught her cat back within a day or two. 
Yeah, that was our plan B. We had a cage out with tuna in it for a night, but we didn't catch a thing. Needless to say the neighbor who called me got two tickets to Disneyland for his help :)
So glad you got him back!
Me too!!
Congrats!  That's a pretty large bengal...looks like he would have been easy to spot if they didn't have freaking leopard skills!
No kidding! He was just napping on a neighbor's lounge chair when we found him.
I bet he was like "Oh hai there! What You were searching for me? Well, I was like having my leisure time here. What's for dinner? I am hungry now!".I am so happy, that my cats are plain indoor-cats ;) I couldn't stand it when they don't come home.
My kitty is indoor too! We were out of town at a wedding and our roommates said they would watch him... they had no idea how he got out or when!  Hopefully your kitties stay happily inside!
Yay!! I bawled when I found my cat after being missing for two days. It always feels like someone/thing is looking out for you/your pet when you get reunited.
I was an awesome mix of tears (the really ugly screamy ones) and laughter. It was beautiful. Kitty kept head butting me in the face to comfort me :) My bf in the pic got a little misty too as you can see.
Yay!!!
Congrats
I can sympathize.  We lost our dog after he chewed under the fence.  He was gone 8 days, in winter, and went through two thunderstorms, while not taking food from anybody.  My husband cried when he finally found him.  So did I.
Its really tough. I would say its worse than having a pet die, having the closure of knowing what happened is a relief even if its a sad one. I'm happy your doggy came back! I would have been deep into depression by day 8!
Yes indeed you are
Looks right at home!
Keep her forever!
Baby shouldn't be on his belly sleeping. Just a quick Protip
Thanks, but for his age and development, sleeping on his belly is perfectly fine. He was 4 lb. 3 oz., 6 weeks early, and spent 3 weeks in NICU. The nurses had him sleep on his belly at an early age because he was under constant monitoring. He is 10 months now, out of the swaddle, rolls back and forth like a pro, and sleeps much better in this position. I understand that the rule of thumb is 12 months, but it doesn't always apply to all. 
That's a common sign of inbreeding, very cute though 
ONE!.TWO!.THREE!.AND HE'S DOWN FOR THE COUNT!
Look at the sprawl on the last picture. So cute!
Quick question for you guys in America, do you ever see Staffies or is it always Pit Bulls? Or do you guys call the breeds the same thing?
Baby moves to side control and starts the ground and pound.
Looks like a staffy to me
Why do these need to be posted?
the laws regarding pitbulls in the UK . 
I think everyone needs to lighten the fuck up..It's a cute picture of an obviously supervised baby and pit interaction.  They are playing and both look happy...take a deep breath.  The baby wasn't mauled.
I know I'll get down voted, but to me pitbulls are like machine guns. In the hands of a responsible owner they are safe. In the hands of an irresponsible owner they can be extremely deadly.
It looks like the pit bull is trying to teach the baby how to do a summersault.
From my experience it's usually other dogs that they don't get along with.
If you are talking to an obvious hater, you call them Staffies. To a normal person, either word will do. 
it's okay everyone the baby is supervised, and we all know how easy it is to separate the jaw of a pitbull from the throat of a small child.
Not long ago a Pit "hugged" my leg and almost broke it in the process. Scary strong
can you tell the savage pittbull is ready to strike?
Bring on the haters 
Those who don't like pit bulls call everything with a strong-looking chest a pit bull. We have a lot of AmStaffs (mine has a little AmStaff blood in her).
My dog is definitely half Staff.
Kid's got a binky too long.  Going to have teeth problems.
I get the feeling the pit bull is throwing the fight.
Ive seen a pitbull attack once..It was just walking with its owner as happy as can be when out of nowhere it, it locked onto a small dogs head took out its eye completely 
It was gruesome.
You're an unfit and uneducated parent if you think a pit bull is safe in the reach of your child. 
I'd respond, but you can't even construct your own sentence properly. This may be the first time a Reddit switcharoo was done accidentally..I'm feeling charitable, so let me give you a helping hand..There. FTFY..Now, let's look at what happens if the context is changed..Hm, that sounds kind of familiar. .Bigotry takes many forms, but the tendency for irrational hatred seems to be a human constant.
"I read some stuff about pits on the internet for an hour. I know what I am talking about.".--You
If you want to own a dog more likely to kill people it attacks you need to understand that people aren't going to trust your dog. 
You linked to ., not to statistics. I think that many people accept the raw data but recognize that when it's properly adjusted for other factors, e.g., breed populations, then the . indicate that pit bulls are no more likely to kill than other large breeds such as Rottweilers, Chows and German Shepherds.
_ This is a snuggling match. check your facts!
BAH GAHWD, THAT PITPULL HAS A FAMILY.
If only he realized he could won by walking away.
Do I have to let him win again? Ok.
If you add a NSFW tag, this post changes completely. 
I love the dog's look in the first frame. "Oh Lord, not this again."
Is there some sort of documentary explaining how some dogs just know "a this a baby its harmless"?
Wow pitbill and baby!!! Need to be careful because they are too loving and sweet!!!
AND THE DOG IS DOWN FOR THE COUNT!!!!!
The sooner all pitbulls are terminated the better this world will be.
You will have to pry my dog from my cold dead fucking hands, bitch. .The sooner people stop making blanket termination statements about ANYTHING, the better this world will be. 
"BRAHHH but they're such a violent breed with no ability to avoid aggression derrrrr!!"
But it has a skull that happens to be a particular shape so it . be a dangerous dog!.I hate that logic..Your dog looks lovely. :)
say that when it has its vice like jaws crushing down on your child's throat. 
That's a myth. Bully breed jaws have the same anatomy as any other breed.
tard
There's no bad dogs, only bad owners. As you can clearly see from these pictures, this dog is not dangerous. My whole point was that classifying certain dogs by a very, very vague notion of what is a bad head shape is fucking stupid.. In fact, I saw a really interesting documentary about this. One guy had had a 'possible pit bull type dog' (the best they can come up with in this ridiculously vague classification) that he'd had for nearly a decade, that had played with his kids and grand kids, been ridden by them and pulled and tugged on and it was only ever sweet and loving. Then some fucking cunt of a neighbour phoned the authorities and reported his dog and it was taken away and destroyed. Why? Because it's skull was a kinda similar shape to some shape the authorities have arbitrarily decided might be bad. It. is. fucking. ridiculous.
sounds like the gun debate, "guns don't kill, people do". fuck off
You got a dog? If yes, you should know better. If no, you know fucking nothing..Dogs aren't born bad. The reason pit bulls (and Staffies, Rotties, etc.) have a bad rep is because they are bought by scum and taught to be aggressive. To take a dog that has never shown any sign of aggression and kill it because of a vague notion about skull shape is just totally fucking stupid..Rotties are gentle and loving. Staffies are one of the sweetest, most loyal gods you can have. Most bull terriers are soft as shit. It's scum who use their pets as weapons that spoil it for everyone. It's the fucking scumbags who should be destroyed, not the dogs. They break the animal. When a dog is broken it can't be fixed. The whole point is, if you train and love a dog properly, it won't act like that.
You do know pitbulls have been selectively bred throughout history for their fighting prowess. They are a dog loved by the urban underclasses due to their aggressive and unpredictable behaviour. Dogs like all animals have an inbred natural instinct, no matter how much training or obedience lessons the dog is given, that animal instinct is always there, and in pitbulls that animal instinct is fighting and aggression. A Zoo keeper who has raised a lion cub from birth and treated him as his own child will tell you "never forget what this animal is capable of" It's the same with owners and their dogs. You hear the stories time and time again "I just left him alone with the baby for one minute, he's never shown any signs of aggression before". Don't be so fucking naive.
Honestly, you're the naive one here. Pitbulls have been BRED to be fighting dogs, that doesn't mean they all are looking for a fight. It's how they're trained. Pitbulls are loyal and eager to please. If their owner wants them to kill this other dog, a pitt will do just that to make it's owner happy. Next time you want to start an argument, do your own research instead of using the media and the reddit hive mind.
face palm
Ho your god!!! get that kid away from that vicious man killer !!!.edit: Sarcasm
So it appears reddit hates pit bulls judging from all the downvotes and comments.

Seems the facts support them. 
Do me a huge favor, would you? .Please do not . use the 'F' word just because you read a web page. .Your hate of pit bulls has inspired me to post as much positive stuff about the breed as I can. 
If you want to dispute my source that's fine, let's see yours. I don't hate pitbulls, but I think they can present a danger to people on occasion.
I've probably seen most of the positive stuff, facebook loves that stuff. 
But a cute picture of a pit isn't going to change my mind. 
Just a bunch of know it alls who dont actually know.....Edit: spelling. Its early...
This post needs to be spread around just like all the negative posts about pitbulls so everyone can see the truth behind the breed! 
Pit bull is the dog fighting, mass media name. Every other dog is identified by their breed except for the American Staffordshire Terrier. If you want to educate people about these awesome dogs, you might start there.
At the dog park I encourage pit bull owners to register their dog at the office as a Staffordshire Terrier or Mixed terrier if it's a mutt.  Just because of the negative connotations and prejudice against "Pits"
My red nosed pit LOVES babies. When she saw my cousin's newborn (who was laying on a blanket on the floor), she RAN to the edge of the blanket and just plopped down. Rested her head on her paws and just watched over this baby for like an hour. 
Pitbull???? So vicious.. it'll eat y........ nevermind they are adorable ;D
Came here hoping for Pitbull the "singer" getting owned by a baby. 
Gotta say I'm a little disappointed
I'm not sure that would be "aww" appropriate.
Darlin'!
Why do people keep such vicious creatures??!  Just look at how that poor dog is being attacked.  Everybody knows babies will rip your face off with their nails alone!  
I always am surprised when posts like this arise. Not for the lovers... Or the haters.... But just how fucking stupid some dog owners are..This pic is oh how cute....but in a blink of an eye, that child could have had its face ripped off..Regardless of the breed people... It's a fucking animal with an infant!!!!
Why the fuck are you on . if you think all animals are dangerous?
It's just an animal with another animal. Personally I trust dogs more.
Exactly. One animal with another animal..One animal that has teeth and the strength to rip the others face off..With babies... they pinch, grab, pull and do all wonderful things as they grow..All this baby could have done, 100% innocently, is pinch that dogs skin so hard it helps, turns and bites..Simple enough.... massive consequences..It's just utter stupidity to put your baby in that risk situation at that age.
I think that's like saying that if you let your brother/sister hold your baby, they will either drop it or punch it if the baby pinches them..Believe it or not, dogs are not stupid. They've been with humans for tens of thousands of years. They can tell between infants and adults..A good dog will be caring and careful around the infant, and put up with all the abuse the infant is capable of..If you don't want to leave your kids with a dog that's fine, but I think it's unfair to say it's utter stupidity.
Yes... but if you give your infant to a baby brother/sister, you prop them on a couch/seat, tell them to how to cradle and all the rest of it..A 4 year old child, if that's the age you're referring too is talking, walking and starting to become more and more independant. It is more unlikely that they would "punch" a baby if pinched, rather than a dog bite a baby if pinched..I also don't think comparing a dog to another human is fair either really. How old is the brother and sister. I have a 3 year old neice who we have to be very careful around our baby. We wouldn't let her hold the baby unless she was sitted etc. and even then, she's more or less just propped with the baby leaning against her..But the thing is... in that circumstance, the baby if dropped would fall an inch to the couch. .It's all about risk management..In a split second that situation could get very dangerous... really, unneccasrily..If the dog was sitting next to the baby i wouldnt have so much of a beef. But yeah, I can see its getting a bit rough..I just picked my 5 month old up, literally, no lie 5 minutes ago. She scratched my face trying to bring my nose to her mouth. I've been pinched and my hair pulled with quite the grip..I get downvoted to hell here for always bringing this sort of post up. I have two dogs myself..Its just common sense. No matter what the breed, how "great" and "harmless" the dog might be. It's just one more unneccesary risk you're putting your baby in.
I know, right? Especially considering that this isn't a subreddit for debate. All these anti-pitbull types mysteriously come out of the woodwork every time there's a popular thread featuring a pit bull. Some might label them threadshitters.
Good dogs understand their place in the family. They see babies for what they are. .I would trust my dog with a kid over most people. I am not fucking stupid. 
Yes. You are that fucking stupid. .Your dog does not have half the cognitive ability you think it does, and your anthropomorphization is putting innocent children at risk. All it takes is one break from that "oh my god my dog is just sooo CUTE! he'd never harm anyone!" and a person is dead.
We were playing dress up lol. .He is one of those dangerous pit bulls you are talking about that I am anthropomorphising. He lost a leg because someone shot him thinking that he was dangerous. .I raised him from a pup. He doesn't have half the cognitive ability I have but I ., just as sure as I am breathing, that whatever cognitive ability he does have is filled with goodness.  .We have bred dogs for longer than 30,000 years to be more than just hunters. We have bred them to be companions and family members. .If you want to protect the innocent children, go hate on catholic preachers. 
You try to sound smart by using a couple of ten dollar words, yet start your post with "Yes. You are that fucking stupid."  
Nobody here is demonizing pit bulls. .We're demonizing dog owners who don't understand that this is still an animal. Your dog isn't some magical creature full of goodness, it's just an incredibly friendly, protective, and lovable animal. All it takes is one child and a poke in the eye, and any dog can go into panic mode and you've got a dead person..And I already hate on catholic preachers enough, thank you.
You haven't read a lot of the comments. .Now that we understand each other...yes, a lot of dogs need to be supervised with children. They dont get it like we do that babies are VERY fragile. .That being said, my dog doesnt. Why? Because he is ACTUALLY a magical creature. So loving and sweet and cute and he has been that way since 7 weeks old. .I would trust my dog unsupervised with a kid but I def would not say that about all dogs. .Can we say we are on the same team now? 
You're kidding aren't you? If you really do have a child... you know its all about risk management while they grow..Why?.Because they can't do it themselves..In Australia, we call it SIDS (Sudden Infant Death Syndrome) so we have to control the way they sleep..We control their food, the way they dress... we wipe their bum..EVERYTHING... because they are unpredictable..Its about risk management. A baby playing near or next to a dog, not so bad..A baby who could have accidently pulled or pinched the dog in a way could have easily caused that dog to react and bite..Sure, the dog might realize what its done... but the damage would be done..Its risk management
People say Pitbulls are aggressive by nature? sure, I mean a human would be aggressive by nature if it slept outside, in any weather condition, was fed twice a week at most, Purposely denied affection and it's only human interaction was being physically and verbally. But no, The dog breed is to blame, not those who were entrusted with raising it..TL:DR - Sarcasm
But all dogs face those conditions. Yet is pitbulls caused 63% of fatalities in 2013, while making up 5% of the population.
My brother had a pitbull that was well taken care of. Had to be put down after bit me for no reason(it was the 2nd time he had bitten for no reason).
Dear lord, you'd think you could make your point once, but you seem to have diarrhea of the fingers. Have you commented in . comment chain in this thread yet?.(.).Wow! You're SO brave for pointing that out. We all know how much a sacrifice losing some karma is for speaking your mind. It isn't just a meaningless number that doesn't do anything, no sir!.Ah yes, because the plural of anecdote is data. Except that's not even plural!.It's also extremely convenient that we're forced to take your word for the facts, and don't have the ability to disagree, isn't it? Sure must be nice..I'm surprised you've failed to cite your source for 2013, because you've posted the study for 2012 four times now. Fortunately, there's no need to examine the numbers for either to refute them..Anyone with basic knowledge of statistics knows you want to get as much data as possible. Look at almost medical study in the news. There aren't too many that study what, 7 months so far in 2013? It's funny how the data starts to fail you when you look at longer periods of time. (.) Facts are stubborn things..Chows are . an unstable breed and a menace to society!.EDIT: You've had the chance to see the post; you were logged in as recently as 10 minutes ago. I see you can run around all day trying to counter others, but apparently you're too much of a coward to take the heat when the shoe's on the other foot. 
"you're too much of a coward"
Just because we disagree doesn't mean you have to attack me personally, it's rude and very immature. I'm not going to debate you.
It's the truth, and I hadn't said it until you'd passed up my comment to respond to others who have merely disagreed with you. Unlike the comments you've chosen to respond to, mine calls you on your tactics, explains exactly why you're wrong, and refutes it..But feel free to run away if you like. 
Another dangerous pit: .He lost a leg from a gun shot. Someone thought he was dangerous as he was running across a field back to my house and got picked off with a hunting rifle. .The negative attitudes about these breeds needs to change. 
How could someone down vote this!? 

Statistics at the top(pitbulls make up 5% of dogs and 63% of fatalities in 2012) and stories at the bottom. 
"Approximately 12%-13% of the American population is African-American, but they make up 40.1% of the almost 2.1 million male inmates in jail or prison.". He exclaims, . He exclaims, .Its all about context. Context of the dog or the man. In this analogy the two are related. Someone in a bad socioeconomic situation will be raised with some arguably weird/bad values. That person gets a dog. What kind of a dog do you think he will get? What kind of values do you think he will pass on to that dog? .You have any experience raising pits? I do (obviously). Had him since he was 7 weeks old. Never put him in a cage, never beat him to toughen him up for a fight or whatever. Best dog I have ever had, ever. .Did you know that the dog they used for The Little Rascals was a pit bull? Don't you see how vicious the dog OP posted is? 
My brother had a pitbull, it had to be put down after the second unprovoked biting. He took good care of the dog and loved it very much. 
You can't compare humans to dogs. 
I've met some very awesome pits that would not hurt a fly, I don't doubt you and OP have great pit dogs.
Context of the animal.....where did your brother get the dog? .I wasnt comparing humans to dogs. I was saying you cannot make a judgment about an individual (dog or human) just because of some stats you read online. .Did you know that you are 3x more likely to be given the wrong change by a Jew according to . ? 
Not sure, it was a puppy though.
I wasn't trying to say that every pitbull is dangerous, or the same. I have met some very nice pitbulls.
Fair enough, then take the analogy and look at it from a purely statistical standpoint. The data cited by . indicate there are about 20 fatalities from pit bull attacks per year and the same web site indicates there are 4 million pit bulls in the USA. That's well below 0.1% of the population and well into the six sigma of the bell curve. It is statistically impossible to extrapolate data from 0.1% to the other 99.9% because the means might differ, or the standard deviations might differ, or any number of other correlated factors might differ..I don't think that . is comparing humans to dogs. I think (s)he's making a mathematical argument and just happened to pick incarcerated humans for the analogy. (S)he could just as easily have picked fatal auto accidents and compared red cars to all other colors.
This is awesome. I didnt even think about this:.Yeah, what . said. 
FYI unless the "absolute value" of the up/down votes from the post is negative, it's possible that very few or none may have..Reddit fudges the actual numbers on up/downvotes, but the actual score of the post is accurate. They do it to counter spambots. Or further their plan for world domination. Something like that.
Probably world domination. .As soon as I posted my original reply someone down voted it. My immediate response was "who the fuck would down vote this." .I should stop caring as much, but every time I post something personal and it gets down voted it gets to me haha. 
Only a matter of time before that kid gets eaten. Sorry for you loss
How could you let that vicious thing around your precious dog? What's wrong with you, you're so irresponsible!
This post scared the fuck out of me. Glad it all worked out ok. I have 2 little dogs that i trust (to the extent that a sane person trusts a dog with someones baby) without the size or strength to do much damage but if either of them RAN towards a newborn baby on a blanket... damn... that would scare the shit out of me and i'd grab them without waiting to see if they just wanted to "watch over" the baby. Sorry, but your story is fucking crazy. See all those posts above about how it's all about irresponsible dog owners? Yeah that's you.
To be fair, I was sitting on the blanket with the baby properly shielded in my arms. I left that out. 
all pitbulls should be put to death. this is straight up irresponsible. 
You know, I feel the same way about ignorant people that make statements like this. 
Yeah, used to think that way, too, until I fell in love with one.
I'm sure the other owners of pitbulls said the same exact thing until enduring an unprovoked attack from their little angel resulted in the mauling of their child. Stop being stupid people. You can make informed decisions your children can't and unfortunately they pay the price for idiots who refuse to acknowledge facts. 
The dogs have a bad rap and are illegal in the UK for a reason. Yes, if they have a responsible owner they can be ok but the ones I come across are horrible little fuckers. 
Best nanny dog ever. 
THAT DOG IS GONNA SNAP AND BITE THAT KIDS FACE OFF.
Oh my god.  That dog ate your sarcasm!  Clearly there are deadly pit bulls here ready to chew your testicles off!  Put on your justice fedora or perish!
The only thing mine "snaps" for is food!
OR SNUGGLE HIM REAL REAL GOOD. OH THE HUMANITY.
Jesus fuck we get it. Stop with the positive pit bull posts. 
What the fuck is wrong with these owners? Do they just like to sound cool using the word pit? What a bunch of tools. This breed should be exterminated.
[deleted]
See its the assholes like you that own pit bulls that causes them to be bad. Just like your parents were assholes, that turned you into one too. To be honest, pit bulls are the sweetest dog breed. And if you dont like these kinda of posts, than why the fuck are you waisting your time on this thread?
They should make a passive aggressive font.
As a pit bull owner, no "we" don't. .I catch so much hell because of my dog's breed and he is the best dog .. 
I love Pits. They really are some of the sweetest and most gentile dogs when they are raised by good owners. I haven't owned one myself, but several of my friends have and all they want to do is lick your face, hug you, and play. .I will be getting one as soon as I am properly set up for it.
Things do what they're bred to do. Sooner or later.
They were bred to heard bulls and be police dogs... So what are you getting at?
Edit: Spelling
This word does not mean what you think it means..You'll laugh when you find out.
Are you implying pit bulls are Jewish?
Come to think of it, my friends pit bull was really good with money...
This one is actually my brother and sister in laws pit, my nephew is the opponent. My boyfriend and I also have two of our own, one that looks exactly like you see in the picture and the other is mixed with a chocolate lab. But I agree 100%. Yes, some can be aggressive, but what dog isn't? My grandma's chihuahua was mean as hell...

Can a chihuahua kill someone?
Ever had one attack your feet while on stairs? I have. Fucker almost made me fall down the stairs. I hate that breed. 
Even the tiniest dog can sever a hamstring right through your pants if it's pissed or scared.
They have teeth like needles. When they bite you, you feel needles on your skin.
They damn well think they can. 
I never imagined myself as someone who'd want a pit (according to the stereotypes) but after volunteering at an animal shelter and working with all kinds of dogs, when it's time for me to get a dog it will definitely be a pit or pit mix.  All the noises and smells and strangers make shelters very stressful for dogs, but the pits seem by far to be the calmest and friendliest dogs even in the midst of all this. .There were pits and pit-mixes brought in as rescues from neglect... you wouldn't believe how awful some of these dogs looked because of the conditions they were in, and they . just wanted to meet everyone and wag their tails.  
The thing that scares me is how strong they are. If, god forbid, it were to attack a child, death is real possibility. 
I know there are many pit lovers who will vehemently disagree, but pits are the most dangerous dog to own.

thank you for posting this. everyone thinks pittys are bad dogs this just proof that they are loyal and loving. THANK YOU

The stories at the bottom are very interesting.
Yes, they are extremely loyal. So loyal that it instinctually rips apart the neighbor's cat just in case.
Proof?
Ok, what is this proof of?

I'm glad you got the message I was trying to send! 
its a message more people need to see and get!
We have 2 pit bulls (one is a massive 85lb female) and a female standard poodle. The one we worry about around kids is the poodle...
I never fully understood why pit bulls get such a bad name, other dogs are fully capable of being aggressive or non agressive. .My friends have a 120 lbs rhodesian ridgeback, the dogs originally bred to ., and a little bitty runt pit bull. Both of them are sweet as can be and have never been aggressive around anyone or thing including cats and children. However more people are intimidated by the pitbull more than the enormous ridgeback. 
[deleted]
If your Golden is 185lbs then someone should call the SPCA on you for animal cruelty.  There is no way that dog is mobile at 185lbs.  .I hope for your dogs sake that you are confusing lbs with kgs.
Right, a 185kg dog would be perfectly within the normal range.
I really hope not, because 185kg is 407 pounds.
Bah...you know what I mean.  
I have a Pit-Retriever. She's 100lbs and that's pretty big. I didn't know retrievers got that big.
Mine was 127 as of 2 weeks ago... They get bigger lol
Well, unless mine gets fatter, she's done growing. 7 years old.
big pit bulls are freaking adorable and great with kids
I work at a kennel and the pits are the sweetest dogs that come in! The standard poodles, labradoodles, and chihuahuas are the worst! 
I'm a dog groomer, and the only dog that we've ever been completely unable to do was a standard poodle. Pit's are great to have in the shop.
To be fair, what exactly would you "groom" on a Pit ?.EDIT: Didn't realize grooming includes a bath and a pedicure.  I've never taken my dog to a groomer and for some reason I just associated it with a haircut.
I think probably just bathing them and clipping/filing their nails.
Oh okay that makes sense, for some reason I was only thinking of getting their hair cut or something.
Yeah, we don't see them very often, two or so times a year. Unless they roll in something unsavory.
I'll just leave the 2012 statistics for fatal dog attacks in the US by breed ..
That would be much more meaningful if they went by breed instead of "it looks scary so we will count it as a pit bull".  Dozens of other breeds get counted in the "pit bull" stats simply because they appear vaguely similar.  Presa Canario, Bordeaux Mastiff, Dogo Argentino, Cane Corso, and a bunch of assorted bull dogs and mastiffs are frequently labelled pit bulls both in dog bite reports, and in areas that ban pit bulls.
I'm curious as to what percentage of the total Pit Bull population is represented by those 23 attacks, as compared to those other breeds.
Yep, me too..The site says that they represent less than 5% of the population of dogs..But for fatalities, you would need, as you suggest, to compare other breeds rather than dogs in general. (Since a pug isn't going kill anyone, unless it's driving a truck, so including it in the population will drive the proportion of kills to proportion of dogs up for all other species).
And I'll leave the American Temperament Test Society's 2013 results..
Pit bulls are capable. They are no more violent than any other dog, but if they do get violent they have the ability to do damage. This combined with the fact that there are many irresponsible owners who train their pit bulls to be aggressive makes it seem like the problem is with the breed, when in reality it's with the owners.
How do you know that they're no more violent than any other dog? (Than say a Golden Retriever.).Or are you guessing based on dogs that you've personally not been attacked by?.This may well be part of the problem. But I don't think that there's evidence that the entire problem is with the owners.
I just haven't seen any solid evidence that pitbulls are more predisposed to violence than any other dog.
Say then that they may be no more violent than any other dog..The possibility is reason enough for caution.
I don't see how percentages of fatal dog attacks is relevant to the discussion -- are you implying that pit bulls are on average more dangerous than standard poodles? That would be extrapolating six sigma data about 0.1% of the population to the other 99.9%, which isn't how statistics work. For example, just because . doesn't mean that the average man is smarter than the average woman. Likewise, the 20 or so fatalities per year that are attributed to pit bulls implies absolutely nothing about whether the other 4,000,000 average pit bulls are more dangerous than the average Poodle, Doberman or German Shepherd. 
Yes. I would make that conclusion..Well, I wasn't suggesting I was working with six sigma. 95% confidence is about 2 sigma, but 1 sigma would be enough for me to keep my kids away from a probably dangerous breed..But it is the size of the sample that matters, not the size of the population. Making inferences about the population from a sample of about 0.1% of the population is exactly how statistics work..I regularly see opinion polls published on about 0.05% of the population, and the extrapolation is good to within a few percentage points. (Of course we're not using six sigma there either)..That's right. Statistics measure that overall the breed kills a lot more people than other breeds, but can't make conclusions about an individual dog..It's suggestive though.
That's a completely different application because polling is very carefully conducted to be pseudo-random rather than at any particular end of the spectrum..To put it in simple terms, let's assume that there's a bell curve for dangerousness for each dog breed, and fatalities occur at the six sigma end of the curve. So if there are more fatalities attributed to pit bulls, it's unclear whether the bell curve is the same shape as other breeds and with a higher mean, or if the bell curve is simply shorter and wider with the same mean. The only way to differentiate between these two possible scenarios is to "poll" the remaining 99.9% of pit bulls and compare against the 99.9% of other breeds..It's the same reason why genius statistics aren't even suggestive of general human intelligence. 170. IQ men outnumber women by a factor of 30 but the mean female IQ is five points higher than the mean male IQ.
For the love of god, those "statistics" aren't true most people don't even know the type of dog that bite them they just assume it's a pit. And to prove my point, Lets see if you can tell me which one is the pit in a game I like to call 
There may well be a bais in identifying the breed of dog that made these kills especially in the case of mixed breeds. There may also be a reporting bias, because being killed by a pitbull might be considered more newsworthy..But most dogs that kill people (and .r), have owners. So the breed could be identified more rigorously than by asking me what breed I thought they were from a small photo with not always anything to establish scale.
I got it right first time!  GO ME!
Except that what the owner says doesn't matter.  Take Ontario for example, where "pit bulls" are banned.  That means american pit bull, american staffy, and staffy.  But it also means "if we decide to call your dog a pit bull, then it is a pit bull unless you can prove otherwise".  Unless your dog is pure bred and you have the papers to prove it, your dog is a pit bull as long as someone wants to say it is.
Even experts will disagree on the breeding of a particular mongrel. So if you want to make pit bulls illegal (and the kill rates appear to support that policy), then you have to make a judgement call about mixed breeds..But I bet that there are no cases of dogs that look like Spoodles or Malteses being pit-bulls in Ontario. Or even Labradors..And a poodle didn't kill any of those people.
I doubt the opinion of the deceased was involved in the identification of the dog that killed them.
i'm sitting here, laughing for like 30 seconds straight at the fact 16 people upvoted that comment
Yeah, no, . and every year pits have been the clear forerunners in human fatalities by a dog breed. Most often it seems that the dogs are either family pets, or belonged to a friend or neigbor and attack unprovoked. So, I'm pretty sure if my dog ate my 2 year old child, the least I could do is properly identify the breed when reporting it to the police. But, damn the facts, you've obviously got denial figured out pretty well for yourself.
This doesn't mean there is anything intrinsically wrong with Pit bulls. A huge factor that determines their behavior is the environment they're generally raised in and the stereotype the owners instill into them. These statistics don't speak for Pit bulls raised in a caring, peaceful home.
From dogsbite.org, a horribly biased, anti-pit/rott source..Come back when you have a legitimate source.
Good Point. The ., reported by news organisations only had 59% of kills involving pit-bulls or pit-bull mixes, not 61%.That's one attack misattributed by dogsbite.org. Possibly due, as you say, to their horrible anti-pit/rott bias.
So, yet again, an incomplete (and thus flawed) source..Let me guess, you're not much for math or science, eh?
Often in science you have to use the data available..If you think you have a complete source, please post a link..I work in Science. Graduated in maths.
 in science do you use an obviously incomplete dataset to present points that require a complete dataset..Sure you did, and dogsbite.org is a pit rescue.
Dude you're just being a cock because he's posting information that could be construed to be anti pit bull. Instead of attacking those with dissenting viewpoints and getting defensive why not have a rational discussion?
Often that's all you've got..In medicine, it's unethical to not treat a disease, so you can't do a double blind placebo controlled study. You have to look at the treated group and try to estimate how many would have died or got better, from just what you reckon similar groups in the past did prior to the existence of the treatment. Controlling for changes in diet and culture and exercise and education and other medical interventions and regression to the mean and availability of healthcare and correct diagnoses rates, and willingness to seek treatment, and awareness of symptoms to motivate seeking treatment are left to as best you can guess..That doesn't mean that you ignore the data, because it's incomplete. You make a guess, and you advise on policy..If you've got a better data set, I'd be delighted to look at it.
No, but it's suggestive..Nevertheless, even the poodles raised in indifferent, tempestuous homes killed zero people in the US in 2012.
Really? You really don't think that a dogs reputation has anything at all to do with how it's trained or why it's bought? You'd really condemn a whole breed because you frankly don't understand the importance of things like demographics and target audiences that make up marketing and statistics?.Pit Bulls have a bad rap, and frankly anyone who argues otherwise doesn't realize how low of a number 20 deaths a year is for a species of 'killer dogs'. Especially when a disproportionate amount of people use them for violent applications..Frankly I wouldn't be opposed to a simple "Taste test" of anyone who buys or owns a Pit. Hell, if at any point their pants sag below four inches of their waist line, or acquire more  than one tattoo, you violate your rights to own a Pit..That'd clear up all this nonsense right quick. 
Not to mention that little chart doesn't account for the population size of each breed mentioned, so we're not really getting a picture of how predisposed a certain breed is to violent behavior even if we ignore all of what you've said.
It's only suggestive if you control for the populations of each of those pets. No way on earth are there are as many poodles as there are bull-breed dogs in the US. It's not even REMOTELY close. If we were able to gather per-capita data, i'd be interested in seeing it, but without that data a chart like this is useless and can't be used to infer how likely a certain dog is to be 'vicious'.
I would guess that less than 60% of US dogs are pit bulls. There are a few breeds that are grouped as pit-bull in those statistics, but it's probably around 4% or 5%..Population data is hard to get. That's the data that we have. Infer what you can, and take it with the caveat that it's press reported data and the populations can only be inferred from other data, which will also have a bias.
Right. So without that other data, making inferences is... less than ideal, at best, and at worst potentially . inaccurate.
Well, when you've got 60% of fatal attacks in one breed, I think even without the other data, you don't get all the way to . inaccurate..You'd get a distortion.
Given the lack of populations and just . of data, you can't draw any meaningful conclusions..EDIT: also, without knowing the specific origins, upbringing and training of each of the dogs responsible for fatalities, as well as the circumstances leading to each death, we can get into even murkier territory. 
We've got .. Since 2004, Pit-bulls have dominated the fatal dog attacks..This is true. From this data we cannot deduce what specific breeding, nor training, nor upbringing results in the most people being killed. .We can only say what breed of dog kills the most people..And, as is always the case with statistics, we can't say whether all such dogs have elevated propensity to kill people, or whether there is a subpopulation of the group that is responsible for the difference..We can only say that as a group of breeds, they seem to be doing more than their share of killing.
Give a poodle a pit bull's body and watch the statics change. Problem is all dogs bite. But when that sought of breed does they never let go because of there genetics. Raise them right all will be fine
That really is the opposite conclusion to the one that could be inferred from my  post..If I thought that a dogs reputation had nothing at all to do with how it's trained or why it's bought, then statistics showing that a breed that makes 5% of the population makes 60% of the human kills wouldn't just be suggestive..I thought that my acknowledgement of confounding factors was pretty obvious..And its still suggestive..I don't argue that they don't have a bad rap, but 20 deaths per year in the US is more than all other breeds combined. It is a high number in context.
Statistically speaking, it's a very low number in context because it's well into the six sigma of the bell curve. It's not even suggestive because it's statistically impossible to extrapolate from 0.1% of the population to the other 99.9% without proper sampling of the entire population. . demonstrating that controlling for just a single factor (reproductive status) can significantly affect the results.
Those numbers look really dodgy to me. I don't think that there are 50% more intact pit-bulls in the US, that intact dogs of all other breeds combined..Is there a data basis to the claim that 10% of pit-bulls are intact, but only 1% of all other dogs?
No such claim was made. The last bullet indicates that this is an assumption for demonstration purposes only, which is why it's a math example and not a math proof..If the fraction of intact pit bulls is three times higher instead of ten times higher, then the math still applies -- but then we'd have to go more deeply into analysis of covariance, statistical significance, confidence probabilities, and so on & so forth..The point being made is that comparing breed against breed without considering other contributing factors means that one is assuming . that it's the dominant factor, which is a big no no in statistics. GIGO. The more proper & rigorous approach is to consider all factors and see which one comes out as dominant.
Yes it was:.300,000 / 3,000,000 = 10%.200,000 / 19,800,000 = 1.01%.This ridiculously low estimate for entact other breeds is critical in that later calculation to claim that they're just as dangerous as pit-bulls:

Yes, the problem is part nature (as you say, genetics) and part nurture, (as you say, raising them right)..And the bite statistics don't show how much of each is contributing..But it's probably not entirely one or the other.
True, but I don't think this is as representative a Pit's temperament as it is to their brute strength. I don't worry about Pits around children because I think they're more vicious than other dogs (I don't think they are), but because I know they have the potential to do a lot more damage than, say, a poodle, whether on purpose or by accident. I'd say the same about a German Shepard, Rottweiler, or a Husky. If your chihuahua flips out and bites your child, it's not going to kill them, but if they start crying and your husky tries to carry them around like a puppy, it's not going to end well..That being said, if you're familiar with your dog and supervising your child the . time, you're probably fine. While they're pretty rare, most fatal dog attacks on children occur when a larger dog is left alone with a small child, which is really unnecessary and easily avoidable.
Could be..But when it comes to having a dog kill your children, you don't tend to care much whether it was because of the dog's temperament or their strength. You'd just prefer to have them around a dog that won't kill them for any explanation..Sure. Probability is certainly on your side..Even pit bulls are only killing 20 Americans per year. Bathtubs kill approximately 20 times that number. But Poodles more than 20 times less.
I guess in our continuing efforts to NERF the world we need to get rid of any dog that's a size or strength that could be fun to play with. Also we should abandon these dogs in favor of breeds vapid and useless women prefer..Wonderful.
There's big dogs that don't appear on those kill statistics. Newfie. Collie..Spoodles aren't just for women. I know gay men with one..Fabulous.
It's actually comforting to meet an idiot that's bought into marketing like you. When taking those classes I always wondered, how would prolonged advertising really work on a populace that's becoming more and more educated, and with the ability to fast fact check with this newfangled thing called the interweb..Then you do me the favor of commenting repeatedly on a public forum, defending blindly without adding anything useful to the subject, just repeatedly demonstrating a misunderstanding of statistics..Be sure to keep that stellar argument in mind while you push for the eradication for an entire breed of dog.
and how many people train poodles for dog fighting? probably approaching zero. The main point I think is that the natural temperament (without human intervention) of pit bulls is arguably better than many common "family" breeds. Its the human intervention and conditioning that is a problem.
Living up to your username I see.
They've got a well admired temperament. And then they suddenly kill a kid:
Sounds like the dog was well trained are cared for.
**end sarcasm.Sorry but your example is not good.  Of course the people are going to say the dog was a good dog. Their trying to cover their ass.  Sounds to me like the dog was neglected and didn't trust people
There are breeds that can be outside dogs and not kill anyone.
Facts have no place here.
I'll state it differently and slower so you understand. Pit bull's reputation among thugs and lowlife's have damaged the dogs reputation, and lead to more people willing to train pitts to be vicious..Also this statistic is laughably misleading, look up other studies that include fatalities with working dogs used in police force, and military dogs. You'll find German Shepherds are the deadliest dog followed closely by Rottweilers..My own personal experience (which I know counts for little) comes from 3 Pitts friends own. Amazing dogs, every one of them the nicest and most willing to please dogs in the world. One is so affectionate that she'll sit next to you on the couch and put her head on your shoulder. Cutest, damn thing ever.  
The problem is that Pitt bulls are two things : very strong and incredibly willing to please..Which makes them really dangerous dogs in the wrong hands. .Basically (as true as this statistic is) it doesn't show the viciousness of a certain breed. It shows how people train their dogs and what the public has to deal with as a result. 
My stepfather's sister and her husband raised and bred Rottweilers with a very similar outlook. They considered them very sweet, trainable dogs with a bad reputation. They'd had them for years, they were great with their kids, etc. Until one of them very calmly killed my cousin, seemingly because they'd moved the female out of the house while she was in heat because they didn't think she was ready to breed yet. I've met and befriended many lovely rotties...but I still remember that crappy Christmas I spent at a funeral when I was a kid, and wouldn't ever have them around my children. I think it's worth remembering that traditionally aggressive dogs aren't just trained to be aggressive - they were bred for it, too. While most of them may be perfectly well behaved their entire lives, there's still an increased chance that if they are confronted with a situation in which they are stressed, they will react in a way consistent with their breeding.
Would just like to point out the pits aren't traditionally aggressive. In fact they used to be called nanny dogs because they're so loyal and were used to protect and watch little kids. They're traditionally great with kids and loving and caring albeit more territorial and protective than some breeds. 
This. This needs to be up higher. I came here to say this. Pits were originally bred to be a nanny to children while the parents worked in the fields/house. Strictly because they are strong and loyal more than any dog. .I was attacked by a rottie also OP (of this comment strain). Almost lost my arm at the age of 7. I don't blame the breed. I blame the owner and the lack of training. A dog only attacks when provoked or threatened. .I guess I just have a problem with your wording. The dog 'calmly' killed your cousin. Not first let me say I am very sorry about what happened. I really am, and I obviously don't know the situation. However, I just don't see a dog calmly killing someone. 
Exactly.  It speaks less to the viciousness of the breed than to the incompetence of the owners.
Huh. I would have never done this. Not because he is a pit-bull. Because of the fact that it's a dog and that's a small child. It only takes one wrong move to get him VERY pissed off.
you obviously don't know dogs very well. Ignorance. Don't speak.
I think you might be surprised, Pits along with Labs have an amazing reputation when it comes to children. They become loyal and protective and unless by sheer accident will never harm them. Part of what makes them amazing is their very calm temperament, you will almost never see a Pit or Lab get angry or rough with a child (and I say almost only because i stay away from absolutes). They know that these are 'puppies' and that they are fragile.  
I guess people have confused my comment to be in the "Pit-bulls are murderous monsters" camp. I was saying that he is a dog. Not a pit-bull. One wrong move with a dog, especially with young children crawling on them, could easily end in disaster. They are still animals, after all.
With today's dog owners very little make an effort to become the Alfa of the pack, this leads to minor things like pulling the leash to growling at a family member if your near the dog while eating, then attacks and biting. On the contrary if someone in the family makes and effort to become the alpha male or female these will go away, being the Alfa means the dog will listen to you and understand his/her place in the pack. I own an American bulldog and a 1 yet old pit/American mix, If they are eating I can easily get down to face level and push them out of the way. While this is not the smartest thing to do as all animals have a primal instinct to eat and may side swipe you, walking will be much less of a hassle, in fact none at all. And with situations like this being the alpha can really help. If your the alpha the dog will automatically feed off your energy, so if your calm the dog is, if your in a play state so is the dog, and if your in a nervous state so I the dog, making attacks even more likely.
I'm totally with you on this, these pics make me really uncomfortable.
See? This guy's with me. I think I'll stand over here.
No no no, dogs are loyal and kind and would NEVER EVER hurt anyone because we have assigned them human personalities and traits.  .Frankly, I'm surprised you haven't been downvoted to hell.  I said something similar yesterday and got more then 100 downvotes.  It was a good day to be right.  
There were plenty of adults standing around. Not to mention, this dog has been around this baby since he was born. There was nothing threatening or uncomfortable around the dog that would have made her nervous. We were confident everything would be fine. It's the unsupervised child-dog interaction that has a high chance of a tragic event. But when you have a dog, it's a part of your family. The two in this picture have an understanding of that.
The time required for a dog to kill is not nearly as long as it takes for you to intervene.  
Good call on the supervision bit. Had a family just down the road from my house who's small newborn was killed by their pit. They had left the child and dog in the same room together with the door closed, and went off. .It was really very sad to hear that an innocent newborn had lost its new life because of the pure, blind idiocy of bad parents.
Yes, . was my first thought. 
Mine too!! As a pit mix owner, I would NEVER EVER leave my overly friendly pup alone (or any dog) alone with a baby...kids don't know what's too much for the dog to handle. plus my dog's MY baby and i don't want some stinky brat crawling all over him. 
...as long as you've got a break stick handy.
You could make that excuse for pretty much any situation. 
88% of attacks on small children are unsupervised, according to wikipedia. Of course, that doesn't really matter. As long as you were confidant that everything was safe, that's good enough for me. I just hate seeing stories about young children killed by the family dog for seemingly no reason at all. Makes me sour for the rest of the day.
I would never leave my hypothetical children with a dog I don't know, but I'd definitely leave them with the family dog (a Labrador) I used to have. I grew up with that dog and when I was a kid I could do absolutely anything to her and she would never bite me. I also grew up with a Poodle and one of my earliest memories is getting bitten by her when I was like 2 years old and I pulled her tail. She didn't draw blood or anything..Anyways, my point is that I think you can leave your kids with dogs whose temper you know.
I could cite for you a dozen fatal dog attacks on infants where the family pet was the aggressor.  
Family dog does not equal dog with good temper.
I fail to see your point.  
Agreed.
Sorry to see you get caught up in my downvote spiral. I guess people like hearing about children killed by dogs. 
Everything you've been saying is factually correct. For the dog-loving downvote brigade, however, that matters not. The family dog having one seemingly unprovoked break in its adorable nature is such a well documented occurence that it amazes me that anyone who calls themselves a responsible dog owner isn't aware..Good on the OP for being part of a group of adults watching this wrestling match take place, but the warning to others is valid.
Turn your back on a baby and a pit bull and bad things can happen. Just look how easily that baby flipped the dog over and got instant side control. Lol 
Turn your back on a baby and . any dog and bad things can happen. 
Get jokes.
I know, that was for the people arguing about dog breeds to see, I wasn't really commenting on the joke. Sorry. On an unrelated note that is a very pretty dog.

Baby gonna cradle the neck.
Damn it people, you're falling for the oldest trick in the book! Pit's are acting all sweet and innocent to lull us into believing they are, well, sweet and innocent. But mark my words, one day, and that day will come sooner than you think, Pit's true nature will emerge and they will take over the world! .Or maybe I'm thinking of Germans. 
up vote for BJJ reference.
DON'T MENTION THE WAR!
My cat does the same thing when I scratch his ear. He will wrap his paws around my arm, purr, and close his eyes.
My cat does the same thing but every once in awhile, he will catch my hand and bunny kick the crap out of it. Cats are sneaky bastards. 
Our cats look the same and act the same. That is neat.
Cats are always out to eliminate us. This was just a failed attempt.
go directly to ., do not pass go, do not collect $200
Kitty is saying, "Rub me, hoomin!  Submit!  Do my bidding!  Tend to my needs!  Aaahhh....Ai lubs hoomin." 
Reason to get a cat (check).
Actually I've been going back and forth for a long time on reasons to and not to get a cat.  However reasons not to have always weighed more.
Alright ALRIGhT. Let's still pretend that it was the hug the cat was interested in.
You stole my cat, I want her back
"I love you, human."
More like . dude.
haha Thats funny my dog does the same thing. He'll wrap his paws around my arm. Too cute. 
nah he just wanted to chew on that arm.
You (or your roommate) is my doppleganger. Let us hope we never meet in person. .I dont have a picture from the same angle, but..
.

What is this breed? I have the same cat and he is also exceptionally friendly and playful.
He fingered that cat.
You're doing 
My cat used to do that whenever you grabbed onto her head..Man, I miss her.
Cat owners know that's not a warm embrace...
I totally thought the shot was sideways until the camera pulled back... screwed with my perception.
That ain't a hug. He's holding you in place to get the best angle so he can munch munch munch
I think I fell in love-with both of them ;) so cute
Yeah a hug.....of death and destruction. 
If we meet in person, do we have to fight to the death?
 
You must win! Who else will make the queso dip for parties?
Get a orange tabby and youll be all set. Playful, smart, friendly with guests, and incredibly lovey. I have yet to meet a orange male tabby that is not like that
Mine must be broken because he is definitely not smart! lol The poor thing gets lost walking from the food bowl to the water bowl. We're pretty sure his short term memories a little off. But dammit he is cute and friendly. 
Aha! Caught in your own lie! The blanket is hiding the fact that he is a male! 
My bad for not paying attention to cat balls. Mine is way more fluffy, but she does the same thing
Don't worry, lol. He's odd, his front half is short haired, but his back half is medium-long haired. So he's so fluffy in the back you couldn't see them, even before he was fixed.
what are these reasons (not to) that you speak of?
Neither actually. He's a friend that's over frequently. But we are quite amused he has a doppelganger on reddit!
"What is that coming towards? I don't know but I am going to cuddle it!!" 
Roommate/cat owner here: he's just a general mutt. Although he probably received some sort of brain damage as a kitten. He's a little slow, but it makes him extra sweet.  Think Forest Gump, but smaller... and a cat. 
Did you post this to tumblr first?
Not sure if my roommate did or not, but I've never posted photos of my cat on tumblr. There are many photos of him on my instagram though. 
So cute:)
Smart move disabling the hind-quarters. The grab and kick is deadly.
My cat also does this, but instead of looking up at me lovingly, he bites the shit out of my arm. 
Exactly two and a half belly rubs or else I bite.
He just wants a pet!!!.P.S. How dare you steal my karma/kitty. 
I have an orange cat that does this, too..She enjoys belly-rubs and being scratched on the chin/neck like a dog. You can take her for walks just by calling her name every 20 seconds.
You're not getting that arm back
worth it 
From my experience this means "Give me your arm. I need something to chew on."
Normally I'd agree with this statement because normally that is completely true. But if you watch the cats body language in this GIF the cat was "kneading" before it saw the arm, completely content in his little bundle and when he had the arm to his chest, he rubbed his face on it and accepted pets. You can see that merely for a second or so but this cat was being affectionate and not crazy.
I see it as "Murder hug".
Yep, My cats' two favorite things; Head rubs and biting.  Unfortunately the transition is subtle and quick.
Yup. Came here to say this. .My kitten grabs my arm like that too. With a decisiveness and vigor like it's his main mission in life. And then he bites. Then he wraps his hind legs around my arm as well, and gnaws some more. Let nobody tell me kittenbites don't hurt :-(
Yup. Came here to say this..My kitten grabs my arm like that too. With a decisiveness and vigor like it's his main mission in life. And then he bites. Then he wraps his hind legs around my arm as well, and gnaws some more. Let nobody tell me kittenbites don't hurt :-(.Buy me gold
Ditto.  They conveniently leave out the part where his arm gets shredded down to a nub.  
r u babby?
yeah and then they throw in the rabbit kick with the back legs lol 
Yes!!.Thank god. I was starting to think my cat was completely mental...(The question remains, though: how to transform him from a rabid rabbit into a nice cuddly kitty..?)
Stop rubbing his belly. Don't use your hands as a play thing. Scrunch pat between his shoulders. When you feed him whistle. After a few weeks whistle him when not feeding him and scrunch pat between his shoulder blades.
What happens when you whistle after a few weeks?
He's associated the whistle with food and will come running.
uh, scrunch pat?
Put your hand between cat's shoulders. Gently! grab the loose skin and give a gentle small shake of the grabbed skin. You can do similar things a little down the back. Basically areas hard for the cat to reach - like the between your should blades.
What does the scrunch do exactly? Is it anything similar to scruffing?
Probably the same thing - pavement vs side-walk.
best thing you can do is to NOT teach them your hand is a play thing, unless you like pain. Much better to use strings, stuffed toys, etc. Start them from kittens and they'll sort of learn it but occassionally everything become a toy; ankles, hands, your head... 
play with him using one of those wand thingys to burn energy for one..maybe get a scratch post, cat tree, etc. if he doesn't have one already.also.and. maybe?
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

I think my cat was awesome then. When he was young, he did all that stuff with his claws out. Maybe he realized it hurt, because he eventually figured it out and kept his claws in. He'd do all the leg kicks and arm grabs with just his paws and it was the best thing ever.
one of my cats tends to scratch the crap out of you but the other one keeps his claws in. the little paws thumping on your arm are so cute :) 
The rabbit kick is meant to disembowel.  My mom found a partially-disemboweled kitten before I was born and took him to a vet to get him stitched up.  That cat lived 13 years after that.
I read that as "before it was born" ... time to get some sleep... 
nice, so they're practicing disemboweling things on our arms... lol! that's an awesome story though, I bet he was a good kitty :) 
He was dumb as shit but he loved Doritos.
Now I know what I want on my tombstone.
"'He was dumb as Doritos but he loved shit' George do you think this is really what this guy wants written on his tombstone?" "Who knows but that's what it says on the will and we just do the engraving, it's better to just not ask questions Joe"
lol. The dalmatian's expression is kinda ghetto hoochie style. It's like "watchu looking at hoochie? you aint gettin none..mmmmhmmm" 
Danes are such fantastic dogs to have around.  They give the best snuggles.
Bestest threesome EVER.
Is this a repost from a 1999 camera phone?
That looks like a dream to me. Right now I live in a small place with a corgi mix and he's wonderful and I love him but he's too small cuddle up all rough. I was raised with this little pit we named Emma and she was the cuddliest little beast ever. I could squeeze her real close and she loved it. My pop has Emma now and I have my new pup Jean-Pierre and I miss having a cuddle partner that ignores personal space.
Nothing makes me happier than going to a friends house that has dogs. I will sit and play with the dogs rather than talk to the friends.
That one also looks annoyed. Cool dogs. 
Did they come with a saddle?
Some guests wouldn't tolerate that.
My girlfriends mom has two dogs, one is terrified of guests and spends the whole time spying on you from the top of the stairs. The other is a huge German Shepard that LOVES guests, and INSISTS on sleeping with the guest. I'm still not sure if she's keeping tabs on you or just wants to be cool by staying with the new person
I LOVE DANES. I have 4 of them.. 
Whats that tiger striped one in the back?  My friend rescued one that has a similar pattern.
Great picture, great sentiment, terrible title.
can i come over?
They'll sleep with anyone.
I said it elsewhere with another photo; I'll say it about this photo too..Not only is the an indication that your dogs are quite comfortable with your guest, it's also a sign that they regard him/her as higher in the pack than they are. .Notice how they've snuggled one to each side? That's so they can serve as a last line of defense in case anything is a threat to the person's safety.
Can we keep him mom?  We'll take him for walks every day.
Looks like a greyhound but the comments suggest they're both Great Danes 
My brother's Dane needs constant human contact when someone is around, and will get jealous very quick of any other dog getting attention.
"He followed us home. Can we keep him?"
brindle?
Like nothing makes you happier? 
Slutty bitches...
That's the way ... aha ... I like them...
Haha, I can only think about
"does the sleeping person know his host is taking pictures of him while he is asleep?"
Great Danes?
... or greatest Danes?
Yep. 
Nope.
Such cute great danes!  Thank you for leaving their ears floppy!
haha that looks to me like the "guest blanket". the itchy blanket that sits unused on the back of the couch. Crocheted by a kind mother/mother in law as a gift.
I want to be a guest!! I would cuddle the living daylights out of them!  :)
That is very much the guest blanket. I have since thrown it away. It was knitted by a kindhearted Amish woman, and it was haunted. 
Tell us more! Please!
I need to know more about this haunted Amish blanket. Is this a common problem with Amish made items?
There isn't much more to tell. It would always miraculously be the only blanket within reach when you'd get comfy, no matter where in the house you were. And it always smelled like corn chips, even after a thorough washing. Haunted, man. 
Serious "Woo-Woo" factor.
Damn it my friends' animals never do this. LET ME LOVE YOU
My friend's cat sneaks up on me and curls up on my stomach whenever I spend a night on the couch there. I usually wake up in the middle of the night hot as hell because of that little ball of black heat. His name is Kull which means coal in my language.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Hell my cat barely lets me pet her.  
My white cat scares guests when he snuggles into the white guest blanket, they wake up and justsee  a pair of eyes staring out of their blanket, 
I woke up one day to find my pug tea bagging my friend's forehead as he slept on the couch... be thankful it doesn't go that way..I still can't help but giggle at that memory. 
Nope, they're . Danes.
My Danes do the same thing! Every person they meet is just a new snuggle to have... :)
Omg can I come stay at your house. I freaking love dogs.
The black and white one is like "Excuse me were trying to sleep here."
Can I offer you a complimentary dog to spoon if you're lonely Sir?
He is adorable
He's wondering if he should buy that boat.
Dem ears!
Cuteness overload!!!  >o<
This makes me happy.there is going to be a period in their lives when they won't be as close (age difference and all) but they'll find each other again.
This is too precious!
i have a berner named Thor that wighs in at 125. i love these dogs =} 
He's gorgeous!  
I have a Bernese too... best personality ever. :P
Bernese Mountain dogs are beautiful, when i was little, my family had one, great dogs, loved him forever, but large breeds have a problem with twisting their gut, so be careful when helping yours in a car or truck. that's what happened to ours a couple of years ago.
i miss my Bernese. they're the sweetest dogs ever. 
That's a ridiculously pretty dog. Happy cake day!
Nice  dog ,,  
I recently spent time with family who has 2 Berners. Fell in love instantly. Such sweethearts. 
Berns are my dream dogs; I can't wait to have my own someday!
Is this a Berner or an Aussie Shepheard? Either way WANT!
Beautiful, healthy coat. 
I love my Berners :)  I am pretty sure they youngest is never going to grow out of the puppy stage hah!
Berners are the best dogs! such gentle fluffballs of awesomeness!!
Call the BERN unit!
He's a Bernese, biggest baby I've ever seen. Although he's not afraid of chihuahua's, only cats and other dogs. :)
Ahhh Berners are my favorite dogs on the face of this planet :DD  I havez one myself, also saving for cakeday
I have a Bernese! 
When we got her, after about 20 minutes, she threw up on my shoes... 
Dat eye crud
I have a Leonberger...rare for where I live in Ohio.  Mine protects me from old ladies walking by and kids in strollers.  Biggest lap dog there ever was!
Berner's are the freaking best. So friendly, so beautiful, and when they're puppies they are like GIANT TEDDY BEARS..If I had the space I'd get one.
Thank you :D
Shhhhhhh don't give my secret away!
It really is a secret!  It's amazing how few people know about these amazing Dogs...
Nice looking dog. We just got one, too. He's 4 months old and definitely looks like he's on a trajectory to 110-120 lbs.  His paws are bigger than any of the Berners we've run into so far. 
Yeah mines got those massive bear paws too, he's right at the crotchal area when he stands, and he likes to "high five." I swear he knows what he's doing and he does it on purpose.
But.. But why?!
Thats not a pie. As a new zealander, THIS is a 
Well pot pie is a classier version on wet kitty food...
Does this pie have a crust at the bottom too? If so, why is said pie not in OP's hands and nom nom straight into pie hole? NZer here, I do not understand the use of a plate and fork to create dishes.
Marie calendars are the best
Or as us British call it, a pie..Why are you eating it in the foil?! Take that sucker out!
Pot pies always disappoint me.  They never contain any pot.
Lol! Those eyes! 
the best chicken comes in perfect cubes...
Diabeetus
Where are the other two empty pie tins? Because let's face it, those things are damn tasty! One is never enough.
It looks like it's giving you that grim stare just before smirking and saying "Silly human. Nothing is yours. Now leave me alone while I eat my rightfully earned pot pie".
Cat's going after my food...better get a picture!
What kind of pot pie still has a bottom crust? It's the best part, and it's becoming extinct. 
TIL, As an Englishman, that Pot Pie, is just 'Pie' 
Brb, going to buy a pot pie.
 No, Kitty. You can't have these chicken tenders, because they are mine, and I keep mine to myself- oh??   
ha
Come to Australia where the pies are a plenty and they ALL have a bottom crust. 
hahahaha
I know right.
I tried eating a pot pie two weeks ago and when I cooked it in the oven the bottom exploded and it seeped all over the place. The meat on the inside looked terrible as well. But your pot pie looks glorious. What brand is it?
Thanks. Yah those things are like lava when you take them out of the oven. Way worse than a hot pocket. The pot pie is marie callenders.
After I cook them I flip it upside down in a bowl. Cools it down faster and you can mush it together easily so the crust is in every bite. 
Well played. May have to try this. The crust is the best part, especially the bottom bits.
Gaaah! I know this one! It's one with a green ribbon around the name, and it has a kindly picture of someone's grandma in the center..They're really good, and I would eat them every day if I wasn't concerned with basic things like obesity, and nutrition..EDIT: Two comments down, . pointed out that it's Marie Calendar microwaveable pot pies. Best microwaveable food I've had. Ever. Hands down.
Oh my god I bought like 8 of those earlier today. They're so fucking good.
But I wants it! 
"Wat's dis?"
I had always vaguely wondered wtf a pot pie was.  I am now disappointed that it is just a pie.
You'll likely get a slice of fruit filled pastry or a pizza if you ask for a pie in the US.
Yeah, sadly, a pot pie is actually just a pie..I always through maybe it referred to a pie that didn't have a base, and was just a top, filling, and a pot (which, next to no pie, is the worst kind of pie)..But no, pot pie = pie..Americans be crazy yo.
We love him.
The near pitch black negative space in this photo is gorgeous!
Whats yours is mine!!
With cats, i think it works more like this: Its all mine, I just let you have some.
Ha I agree. I think I could have gone for a second one.
The other day I saw a food truck selling New Zealander pies. They looked kind of good... one of them had curry flavorings..Difficulty: Im in the Midwestern United States. 
That's a bad kitty!! 
This. So many times this.
What is a pot pie exactly?!
So this is front page material now? 
Pretty much. He's an evil cat. 
Thanks Jack
That's a bad Mr. Kitty! Bad!
The Marie Calendar microwaveable pot pies have the bottom crust.  And they're fantastically delicious.
Yiiissss... bottom crust... Thank you!
Bottom crust is the best part! Man this is making want another pot pie... I'll be posting another picture of my cat and a pot pie later.
As much as I love cats... You need to eat that bottom crust yourself. Don't share it, no matter how tempted you are. Savor it. 
Come to Australia - that's what a . is all about!
 
Chinpokomon Master!
Is that one of those marie callender pies? 
Sure is.
You have the world's cutest cat
Aww thank you!
i sneezed just looking at that cat
dude those pot pies are fantastic. ive been basically living off of them for like 2 years. never had one that wasnt delicious.
All these posts about how good these pop pies are is making me want another one!
Did you get the pot pie from costco?
Ralphs. 

That's awesome.
SMOKEY!!! 
Ha that's him! JesV says hi!
I always buy those pot pies. But my one problem with them is no matter how I cook them, then bottom dough always feels raw to me.
I like it like that.
Your cat calls you "Kitty"?
I'm glad reddit has SOME standards! Lol do not give kitty the pot pie some things are meant for us
It's my pot pie!
No! Luca! No!
Came here to say that! Have an up vote!
Bad Jay Leno!
Ha
i ate the same thing today!!!:D
nice :)
Marie Callender's... nice. .Thanks, now I'm hungry.
Best pot pie 79 cents can get you right there
Meoww?? NO KITTY THIS IS MY POT PIEE!!!
"You will rue the day, human!"
And i read this as Cartman! NOOO KITTEE
Damnit kitty! 
Jesus christ those pot pies are like crack.
That is a really cute cat. And now I'm craving a pot pie.
Yup and yup.
I need dis
MARIE CALENDAR'S CHICKEN POT PIE THAT'S MY SHIIIIIIIT
I swear that cat is a Banjo Kazooie character.
Omg, how adorable! 
Can't share one little bit of saucy chicken?  But, look at that face!  The outstretched paw!  Your super-human resistance to kyoot is stunning.
That grumpy little face! You could cross post to . with this one.
I couldn't figure out why this grainy picture got so many upvotes. Anddddd it's a South Park reference. Of course, Reddit. Front page for that schizz. :)
It really was taken in the moment, so it couldn't have been lit correctly. 
"But Human, that looks like the same nasty shit you feed me."
as the cat's food slave that is their pot pie as well
Mother of god, I had no idea they still made these things.  In the aluminum pans no less?.Amazing.
Chicken pot pie. One of my favorite things, or three if my favorite things?
Meow?
I imagine kitty has a thick Russian accent."I TAKE POT PIE."
Stab the kitty in the eye and let the pot pie eat the kitty.
What's a pot pie?
The angry and confused look on that cats face is just too adorable. I might explode from the cuteness! Pot pie denied!
I thought that pie was a cyborg for longer than a normal person should, before realising it was the tin
i need dis
"I believe you mean that's the Pot Pie YOU made for ME"
moar pics of kitty plz
Link for the lazy :) 
"I needs this"-Cat
My pot pie.
Marie Calanders?
AMIRITE?
So good...
Yup! They are :)
Oh god i need dis
Now I'm craving a pot pie.  Thanks alot.  Beautiful cat.
. I tried it last week for my roommates. It's super easy and we all loved it.
The recipe looks good.  I have never poached chicken before.  How do I do that?
I think you're supposed to boil it or something. My roommate said the only reason to do that is prevent caramelization of the chicken. I just cooked the chicken in a pan.
Thank you :) .Yes pot pie is the bomb. Smokey thinks so too.
[deleted]
I'd actually like to know this. I love pot pies so I bought amy's and honestly they're not that good. Every few pieces of chicken are rubbery and that's really offputting.
it looks like amy's vegan pie but that might just be because i really want one right now.
It's Marie Callender's. For the price they're really good.
I believe it's Marie Callenders or whatever
I like Marie Callendars the best.  The crust is soooo flaky.
Marie Callenders FTW!
GERD DERMERT! NO KITTY!
RESPECT MAH AUTHORATAY
Bad Kitty!
Mmmrrrreeeeeoooooooowww
The South Park guys were right. Kitties love pot pie.
He's just trying to taste your tears of infinite sadness that may have dripped into you $1 pot pie. 
*unfathomable sadness
Damn, you're right. Couple drinks in and my brain autocorrected it to infinite. Thanks mate. 
Mom! Kitty's being a dildo!
Just that part of the episode is classic... will be forever I think.
I wandered across this Thread while watching this episode.....what does it mean?
I think so, too. It's one of the few things that pop immediately into mind when I think about the series!.That and the 80' satellite dish! ;)
:)
Then I know a certain kitty kitty who's sleeping with mommy tonight. 
_ .lol

That went way over my head when I watched that episode for the first time.
Not going to lie... It took me years to understand that joke. .I am not a smart man.
Awe what breed? 
German shepherd
He looks like he'd eat stickers all the time
. Was hard to decide which pic to post. Maybe . is even better.
Interesting story here. In middle school we had "golf" as an elective, which was comprised of driving, long-range. So, this was in Arizona, just after monsoon season, which means the damn toads came up out of the ground like fucking zombies! Some were as big as dinner plates, and that was (and is) not rare at all. So, one jumped on out into our driving range/ baseball outfield. I saw it first, pointed it out, and everyone tried to hit it, but kept missing. But then on my second try, it all came to a head... It was a perfect mix of desire and focus. I lined up perfectly, and hit the ball with just the right amount of force to not make it kick up and miss, but with enough oomph to go the distance. I watched that ball make a bee-line straight at that noisy pan-shaped cocksucker, almost like a kid at christmas! It was at least a 75 yard shot with perfect line-up! I. Held. Victory! .But I was robbed! When the ball was about 2 feet away from that flat fuck, he jumped. The lot of us were saddened, audibly so, but none more than me. I was robbed. After class we did go look at the fucker, and he did have a cut on his right brow (the side facing us), but none of us could have hit him..He was having a bad day anyway, so fuck it, Go Toad!.There is an edit for clarity.
i liked that story.
Heh, it's a GOLFROG.
No? Okay, I'll just leave now...
i thought it was funny...
Woo, I'm accepted! :D
Cookie is adorable. I can't help but imagine he's thinking, "ok who farted?" with that shocked expression
The shit I've seen man....
Yea, ive had about 5 cats in my lifetime, I'm 17 and well 4 of them have been strays 3 of them are dead now sadly, and one them just had one cat recently die sadly but she lived to be 18 and about 2-3 weeks later we found Cookie this new kitten :). She was up in a car radiator and her paws/belly were burnt.
Well glad it has a good home
Ray's girl friend?
I used to say "kissies" to my old cat and he would give me a kiss. :( miss him 
Hey I think I know your friend
Holy crap, I need to teach my munchie how to do this! 
Can't help but picture the cat saying ..
My friend's cats high five too! I have a video, I'll upload it when I get a chance!
I can only see the side of that girls face but it looks kind of like my friend Momo from highschool. And it would be awesome if this was her. 
is it a trick or a one time deal?
It's a trick. He will do it on command.
[deleted]
We've been attempting to teach our Dachshund mix to do this for months.  We can now shame her by telling her that there are cats smarter than her.
I think you should know this is my favorite comment.
Happy cake day!
Yayyyy thanks!
Nope! sorry :( 
So how does one transplant a dog's brain into a cat?
Cats are quite easy to train if they have the right mentality. I taught my cat how to sit, shake a paw, high five, lay down, and stand up.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

In the time it took her to train the cat to do that she probably could have trained a dog sit, stay, down, over, paw, other paw, speak.
My dog does this like a Champ. 
As does mine
Everyone loves high fives. Period. 
Mother-fucking repost
No it isn't. The video was taken today, and I am friends with the girl in the video.
Well you posted it on the internet twice and I posted it somewhere on the internets twice. (I was bored at work.) So...between you and cat-owner it's hardly crying foul yet is it?
I posted it first, though!
Hmmm yes you did on reddit, but not on imgur. Sadly I have yet to see him make it to the front page there, which was the original goal. Oh well. :3 
Dogs > Cats. .Maybe it'll be too late for Reddit to notice this and downvote me.

Any dog can do this.....
Cute pussys
I see your facebook comment was true,  and you did indeed whore out our mutual friends cat for karma on reddit..
I'm only butt mad because you did it first.  .But I'm going over to play with this cat this weekend,  so I win overall.  
Does everyone in this thread know each other?
I'm planning a visit one of these days haha
COME TO ME RUSSIANS. YESSSS..Zadorsky...we might need a cat sitter sometime too...
Shhh don't take this away from me
Yes.  Basicly.
Great job, nice to see more people training their cats! I thought my little guy how to Eskimo kiss. The vet tech almost died.  
How did you do that? And possibly a video?
I love cats. That is all. 
Any cat that doesn't try to kill me is always a win at the office.
Munchkin cat!
It wagged it's tail. Like a dog. Does it have an identity crisis?
Yes. 
Daisy?.... You posted this to instagram yesterday. My world has suddenly become too weird.
Aw, that is absolutely adorable!
No. We're done with this. 
Daisy is the videographer. I'm friends with the girl high-fiving the cat.
Yeah I didn't picture Daisy having a reddit account lol. 
Tell her I want to hive five her face, cus shes cute.
I don't want any hives on my face but thank you. :3
Tell the girl high-fiving the cat that she's cute. But not in a creepy way. Not like "hey, this anonymous Internet stranger said you're cute". Although I don't know any other way you would phrase it... Just forget the whole thing. 
Smooth, dude.
I'll take it as a compliment! xD Thank you! It's okay, I'm from the internet so I understand you.
Uhh, what do I do, what do I do... .(great job self, I think you really nailed that)
Dude, mdgtaznpwr, this guy's adorable..(I got your back yo)
Haha Daisy was kind enough to take the video, but this is a friend of mine..-Girl with Cat
Hah how funny. Reddit is so small sometimes. Your cat is friggin adorable. :)
Thanks :D
Just another reminder of how totally average/boring my cat is. D:
i wonder how long it took her to train her cat to do that?
I did this with both my cats.  It only took a few weeks with 5 minutes a day.  I also trained them to come to me when I whistle.  From day one I would whistle when it was feeding time.  And when they came I would give them a little piece of steak, but I would hold it high.  When they sat in the process of standing I would say the word "sit" and when they reached up I would say "high five".  Eventually I wouldn't give it to them until the tried grabbing the food with one paw.  Then after they got that down, I would say "other paw" and wouldn't give it to them until they pat me with the other paw.  One cat had no problem and had it down in a week.  The other took longer, but it's more her being stubborn and not wanting to do it.  She knows it, but refuses and gives me a "just give me my fucking treat" look. .You just gotta start young and before they realize they are the master. I got mine at 4 months old.
The cat was actually 5 years old when I adopted him. He is just very smart. :3
It's amazing the things that a well trained pussy will do.
i have tried whistle on my cat once it didn't go well i tried each day but he kind ignored it.. i have tried my cat younger but he never took to it and well he yawned most the time seemed not too be into as i was..
The key is to do it every time right before you feed them.  Just do the classic "come here" dog whistle as you are getting the food ready and until you put the dish down.  Be consistent.  Then, after a few weeks, you will notice they will come for the food when you start to whistle.  Keep doing it even after they get the hang of it.  Then you can do it if you ever lose them or just want to make sure they are in the house for the night.
Okay but it's hard when he gets so bored that he walks away from me and i have tried about 4 days to whistle for him to come for his food he does come when he hears the sound of the can food being opened.. Yeah I am wondering If my cat has figured that all this isn't for him 
So whistle when you are opening the can... and whistle more when you are putting the bowl down.  That's it.  Just do it every day.  I bet that even if it takes months, he'll start to put it together and learn to associate the whistle with food.  Don't even try to do it when you aren't feeding him.  Wait a couple months and then try. .Good luck.
yeah i do that but he really cant wait for his food most the time and wants it now.. yeah its taking for ever it seems like since there like days when you call him he comes but there are days like today where all he wanted is icy cold water since its been so hot here ..today was his most moody today where i tried to whistle while i was opened the can and well he pawed my mouth and he went back to his bed.. 
Nice one! Cats can definitely be trained..I never put any conscious effort into it, but my cat needs two tablets morning and night, and I stand in the same place, and call him with the same cadence every time I have to
medicate him. Then I praise him, and feed him immediately afterwards..He's gone from scratching the crap out of you when you try to open his mouth, to coming when he's called, purring and opening his mouth for me. What a champ.
They totally are.  I just wish I had made the extra effort to toilet train them.  They are definitely smart enough, but I was just too lazy at the time.  I even got them with the intention of having that be part of the training process, but I had so much on my plate at the time and I honestly was just happy with the few tricks I taught them.  I totally regret it now, though.
You could probably still train them. .The positive conditioning for medication time was effective on my kitty, and he was 4 when we started. It only took a couple of months..I've been seriously considering toilet training him, as our house is small, and his litter tray takes up space. It does sound tricky, though. 
I was going to try the phonebook method.  Just put their litter box next to the toilet and every week put another phonebook(or any other platform) underneath it until it is level with the toilet.  put plastic wrap over the toilet and sprinkle litter over it(and pray it holds).  Eventually remove the plastic wrap and there ya go.  Sounds easier than it is, I'm sure.... .Let me know if you try and if it works!
Ah bugger. My toilet is too small, and my cat is too big for that to work... His litter tray won't fit by the toilet, and he's too heavy for plastic wrap. Oh well. His bum's not so stinky anymore, since he switched foods, so it's not so much of a problem. 
What are you feeding him now?
The cat in this gif is partially toilet trained. .We have a very small second toilet, what we did was jam it in front of the toilet between the wall (just barely) and raise it up gradually, then we just put the litterbox on top of the toilet lid. For the short little guy we also made a little staircase out of cardboard weighted with a 5 or 10 pound weight, but he doesn't -need- it. Then we cut some toilet shaped holes out of some particle board and taped that over the toilet so that they have more toilet seat to stand on. The bowl has one of those cheap turkey broiling pans in it filled with litter and the seat still lifts up and down. Also, I masking taped the whole toilet seat because I saw the little buggers slip a couple times and I didn't want that to be a deterrent. The only thing left is to transition to water..Both of my cats were 5 and 7 respectively when we began training, so with patience it can still be done, I think.
Thanks for that!.Sammy (my cat) is part Maine Coon, and although he's lost weight, he's still pretty huge. His litter tray is one of the "X-tra Large" littermaid trays, any smaller ones aren't big enough for him, and he ends up peeing over the side..Both our toilets are tiny, one is in the space under the stairs, and the other is also the laundry. His tray won't even come close to fitting, unfortunately. If we move, or redo the bathrooms, then I'd be able to give it a try. .Thanks again :)
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

No problem!.Ooh a Maine Coone! Cats are pretty impressively adaptive. I would still get a toilet trainer or build a seat extension for the cat. Our seat extension is taped to the seat and then the seat lifts for poop scoopin time. The munchkin is dachshund shaped so he also had to teach himself how to maneuver around on the seat. There were a couple poop accidents here and there as they learned but no huge deal. They learned to aim eventually through this process. We didn't have any super pee accidents, I don't know how your maine coon could handle that. They do sell seat extenders for obese humans I think. I also had my eye on toilet training seats for kids. A lot of human child equipment works surprisingly well on cats. I think the trouble here is making sure your cat can fit on top of the toilet while he's learning..Depending on how smart/willing your cat is, you could skip ahead and just mount the box on the toilet lid or just present to him this "new litter box" and see how he takes it hahaha. You could elevate the box outside the toilet and just move it next to the door and then proceed from there. We actually had to train ours twice because we reversed the process when one of them got cystitis and they jumped back into it with ease. We just took away the box and showed him the toilet again. xD

He's on urinary support medicated food (royal canin) and he's a biscuit fiend. He was eating just biscuits, but I've finally gotten him onto wet food. He's lost weight, and his poops stink much less. Not to mention, they're smaller. He was doing some man-sized shits. 
Whhhaa!? I must teach my cat...girls like guys who have cats that hi-five
I have been trying to teach my cat to shake my hand for a while now. So far I have gotten him to sit and sort of glare at me but not pull away when I pick up his paw.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

"Girls only like guys with cats that have mad skills!"
No, girls like guys who go out and do things. AKA, not teaching your cat to high five. Who am I kidding? I spend 80% of my time in my tiny apartment, and I don't have a girlfriend so much as a female who regularly cheats on her boyfriend with me. I'm... I'm a sad person.
C: 
You are an awesome Human being. Don't ever stop, you! 
What? Why?
A guy my fiance worked with taught his cats to ride in the car. He said the ladies went nuts for it. I don't know exactly what the cats did in the car ... but they were there..Edit: I forgot a few words..
the possibilities are endless..I hope the cats were like juggling or something equally as awesome as that..I should teach my cat how to juggle....
Girls like guys who aren't self-loathing and show at least some signs of confidence. Cmon man you're only hurting yourself with an attitude like this.
GAH! I know! I mean, I'm actually fairly attractive. I'm good at sex. I'm good at flirting, and picking up on signals. Not a year ago, it was hard for me NOT to be in a relationship. Then, moved out, grew up, got a job, and started actually having responsibilities. And... this made me less attractive? That doesn't even make sense. I guess it just sort of drove home the fact that I'm a bit of a loser. A woman with any amount of maturity isn't interested in a man that has no ambition, no prospects, and whose defining characteristic is a sense of impotent frustration, rage, and apathy towards anything and everything. A woman has no interest in that. There are some girls who do, but I have no interest in those kinds of people. Maybe that's a self defeating attitude, but I'm nearly 19. I'm at least 2 years too old to date people who find me attractive because I'm some sort of idealized rebel.
dude, you are on your way to downvote city my friend.
You're annoying as shit and act like a 14 year old girl, mixed with the douchiness of a boy who just found out about porn too.The thing is, you don't have a deafeatist attitude, you're a conceited prick and you're mad that no one else sees how "awesome" you are. You haven't grown up yet, work on that.
you're 18...
So? It is perfectly possible to be lonely at any age.
My man let me tell you something. Imagine that im some random girl you just met. I know nothing about you, but you voluntarily gave up all that information to me. Damn don't be so negative. Most of the information people learn about you comes from YOU, especially strangers. So honestly. toughen up and start acting like the responsible person (you claim) that you are. Nobody likes a self-loathing, self-hating, downer.
Is this a thread about cats or your life?
Can it nor be both?
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

What are you talking about? I'm objectively a shitty person. .I just want a nice, normal girlfriend. My standards aren't that high. How does any of this make me any of those things?
FTFY
Ah, the old Reddit ..
So close man, so close.
I think it's more impressive that you got it on a leash.
that's just unnatural.
Shit, my cat loves his leash. He purrs like mad while I put it on him.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Sweet pic brah.
I just realized, this is a bot isn't it?
Cats also purr when they're stressed. He is probably trying to stay calm.
What?  Taking your cat for a walk is easy and fun for everyone!
Looks like our cat when we put a leash on her.
Yeah.... not the case here. As soon as he hears the leash jingle he runs up to me (or runs to the front door). He doesn't go and hide. It's pretty obvious he associates the leash with going outside (which he enjoys).
In that case, it is very adorable :)
It's a munchkin!!!
I had not noticed that it looks like a dachshund until I read your comment! 
Munchkins mate in the missionary position and is (I hear) very disturbing to behold.  .That's my Claven munchkin fact I carry around in my head for making conversation at parties. (I don't go to many parties...)
You are a beautiful person for bestowing that knowledge upon me. Thank you.
That is what is said watching that... Only it involved more squealing like a little girl and getting odd looks from my cats.
Very cute :)
I have a Lhasa Poo.
Every Morning
You know, what grown man, other than one who has his own children, is so overly interested in making children happy? A pedophile, disguising his actions as kindness. Just sayin, it's more common than you think.
Omg pedophile!
Right because everyone who enjoys children or shows interest in their happiness is a pedophile? So pediatricians, people who devote themselves to charities like Make a Wish, teachers, daycare workers...all pedophiles. I guess I should be more careful about letting my son near our childless friends. Kids are actually really cool, lots of fun, and doing something simple like this for a sick child is actually a really great experience for everyone. 
It really is something to always look out for. It's more prevalent than people realize.
Hopefully he's invited...
damn it, where was Spiderman when I had my tonsils out as a kid? 
I would marry him <3 this is the sweetest thing I've ever seen! 
One of your friends likes little kids climbing all over him. 
You have a new vociemail. Just thought I'd remind you...
Man this is like that dude that dresses up like batman.
He doesnt drive a nice car though. In fact his car just went to shit so...yeah.
Well that's fairly authentic for Spiderman..
This is one of the nicest things I have ever heard! :)
I really don't understand why everytime someone sees a man with a little girl they label him as a pedophile. Yeah women had the major role in care taking children before but it's 2013 people grow up. 
Everybody gets one.
he's not actually spiderman
Aw man.. Really? Well deal breaker. 
Well fuck.
... I would him anyway

Exactly what I was thinking.  Nice job calling the guy a pedo in a way that won't get downvoted to hell.  .(I don't really think he is a pedo though)

Why are all of the children in the hospital wearing party dresses? Kind of looks more like a Spider-man kids' party :/
Honestly, if I had that Spiderman costume, I'd wear it every chance I got: childrens hospitals, birthday parties (why not make some money?), night strolls around the local mental health facility, etc. Just because this particular pic doesn't look like it was taken at a hospital doesn't mean the guy doesn't volunteer regularly. This was probably just a really good picture of the costume and maybe his niece's birthday or something. 
They dress children and throw parties to make them feel better?
"visits local hospitals and such." Very clever wording to make you think it's in a hospital but not necessarily confirming it as such.
He's a good guy. This just happened to maybe not be a hospital. Or a children's party in a hospital 0_o
And who's uses a screen shot as a profile picture?
OP took a screenshot of the profile picture.
Yes. Yes I did
So kids at hospital can't party hard? :'(
The party hat in the lower left hand of the picture further confirms your suspicion.
And the fact that this appears to have been taken in a living room.
How do you know that? also if you actually read the title it says "visits local hospitals and such." so we have no idea where he is
Thank you. He's a really good guy and this happen to be a really good picture. Even if he's at a party not the hospital in it. 
Should be NSFW
post of picture of him sleeping, please. 
This made me snort laugh. 
It looks like he's wearing it on his penis.
Nice Viszla
Dobby is a free elf!
Your dog knows ..
i sleep with a sock on my goober

i wonder if his balls are as speckled and nasty looking as my vizslas...
Well, would you?
Is it only me or does it look like the dog is wearing a furry condom...
Will he? Will he really? 
yes he will
Why the white noise machine near the bed?
I saw those same socks at the store yesterday and almost bought them for my dog, because she could fit her whole body in one. And it would be cute. 
i need to see a video of the dog actually asking you to put the socks on him.
Once you own a viszla you'll never own another breed
I have those socks and they're .. I can't imagine he can even stand up in them on that hardwood. 
This picture makes me so happy!! I had a fabulous pet vizsla for 14 years.  Thanks for bringing back the good memories!
This is the most absurd thing. 
Please, I may sound like retard, what breed of dog is that?
First world dog problems. 
And how did you find this out?  Did he dig the socks out a long time ago, and ask you to put them on him?  Or did you just put them on him and he kept wanting them on before bed?.No judgment.  I put socks on my pets too to watch them walk funny.
"Positively, fabulous"
He can hurt his hips with those, this material is very slippery... 
I have that white noise maker! Don't you just love it?
...and his white noise.
I won't go to bed without my socks either.
I can't keep calm I'm a vizsla 
We have so much in common.
Well they are very fancy...
Do you cut your dogs hair? 
Oh yeah? Please tell me more!
Ah the sleep sound generator! I've had one my whole life, can't sleep with out it. 
Is that a Vizsla?
Can I have him?
Bullshit. you put those socks on him, and he hates them.
I love those types of socks!  And i'm a dude.  it's alright though.  cuz those socks are hella comfy.
I love the Vizsla! And the fuzzies!! 
I have my doubts that he enjoys this.
I have that exact same pair of socks!
He's going to get so confused when he tries to scratch that itch in the middle of the night.
D'awh
This is the most adorable thing I've ever seen.
You're ruining a man's breed of dog.
Bullshit.  That dog hates those fuckin' socks, and there's no way he wants to sleep with 'em.."REDDIT, I CAPTURED A MOMENT IN TIME AND WILL NOW SPEW FORTH A STORY THAT WILL GENERATE SWEET, SWEET KARMA!"..Then again, I shouldn't complain, this is the content that drives Reddit.
Yes he will
this made me want to cry. too cute for reddit!
Too funny.  Does the white noise maker play any role also, I see it down by his bed.
His face is clearly saying "why did you just do that you sick son of a bitch". I hope you had to touch it's balls putting that left sock on
Pulling . . . them . . . off.
Is your dog TOO LOUD!?!?
How funny.  My wife doesn't like to sleep without socks too.  Also, I have the same Sleepmate.  I freaking love that thing. 
Now can we get a picture of where your dog actualy fell asleep with those socks on?
thats fucking cute
or he doesn't give a shit and you just put them on your dog and made up a story. 
This is about the most adorable thing I've seen all day. 
So cute. We have a vizla/chesapeake mix and she's the strangest dog I've ever known. She's also super awesome. 
sure he won't....and for good measure i bet "he stood there like that for 15 minutes"... sure.....edit: bet not bed

Does he need the dohm too?
I call bullshit! I've devised a simple experiment to test this hypothesis. The procedure involves: 1) Burning the socks 2) Waiting at least two weeks to see if the dog falls asleep
This poor fucking dog.
looks like a gun is pointed at his head
Ah-choobullshitooo!
I think your dog might be gay. 
I don't believe this pic either, however I just wanted to say my life is so much better after we bought that white noise machine next to the dog. That thing is awesome.
The tail's looking a bit short for a vizsla...
Never seen a transgender dog before.
I thought this was a dachshund from the thumbnail and was so ready to just comment I LOVE WEENIES. But it's not. .Still friggen cute though.
yeah, I can put socks on a dog and say he likes it - if that's what you're into.
What the fuck
I don't think that one soc is on his other hind leg though. Sick fucks.
dem thigh highs
"He won't go to sleep unless I casually rape him," said the OP.
But he's still in bed.
He has a case of gay dog. I recommend putting him down. 
I will take two
I'll take 52! Hah!
"He" won't go to bed without his socks? Your dog dresses like a bitch.
A pussy bitch
He's gay..
Yes.  Take this out of context.
They all look nearly identical, though the males are larger.  Very often rated among the most affectionate breeds, and quite trainable, but they're kinda neurotic, extremely socially needy, and require lottts of running..One my favorite breeds though.  Kind of like a clingy weimaraner with daddy issues...  Oh, they make fantastic bird hunting dogs as well, though their cousin the wirehaired vizsla has overtaken them in popularity for this.
Spot on here. Upvote. 
And he still lives with his parents? Not marriage material 
Looks like he's got a little sock on his piddler;)
What kind of dog is that? Looks just like my Dobermann! 
this about rivals that other sock wearing dog I saw on here today.
How does that even start? 
Bae caught me slippin'
And he won't eat bacon unless it's pan-fried.  None of that microwaved shit!
Not to be a party pooper, but if he really does "wear" those furry socks, please ensure he's not going up or down stairs or starts running on a non-carpeted surface. Those furry socks are super slippery and can be dangerous. Source: slipping whilst walking down the stairs in furry socks and breaking the fuck out of my ankle. 
Few things have ever been as untruthy as this untruthiness.  That dog is scared shitless because he can't walk in those (astonishingly clean?) polyester sumbitches. OP, take the socks off your dog and get a hobby.
I hate post titles like this.
Liar.
That's dog look on his face says "Why are you doing this to me?"
 
this is such bullshit
A vizsla with a white noise machine that needs socks to sleep.  Sounds about right.  I love all dogs, but there's a special spot in my heart for these animals.  

How funny! How did you discover that he likes these socks?
He literally wouldn't sleep. OP tried every piece of clothing he could think of before he realized the magic cure is socks.
That's what I was thinking. How do you know he wont sleep without them, and how did he develop such a habit?
Hm, may have started with him wrapping blankets or something around them, and worked from there? Let's wait and see if OP delivers!
Khan loves his sleep socks.  He has also been known to wear a polo, as well as a shirt and a tie.  And once in a while, an O's baseball cap while he floats around on the pool.
Vizsla! Best dog breed
I just love that he has his own white noise machine
I'm going to be turning mine on in a bit when I hit the bed in a minute.  It's awesome for sleeping.
I can't sleep without my Marpac the way that Vizsala can't sleep without his socks
That's adorable. Does he need the sound machine thing too? 
This is cruel. 

He thinks he's people!
Well It's easy .1) Force sock onto dog
2) Lie on the internet
3) collect Karma 
It's simple...we kill the catman.

Interesting. Usually dogs hate things on their feet.
Very cute by the way
It doesn't exactly look enthusiastic about it.
He's a unique animal!
"Stay? Master why? I'm trying to nap.  I'm so confused. These things are so uncomfortable. Please quit making me stay."
He's a vizsla :)
Hungarian dogs. They're bred for royalty. And in my house, she is.
Best dogs ever!
um, by forcibly putting them on the dog until he gave up resisting?
Fuzzy socks: check. White noise machine: check.  Add a fleece eye mask and this could easily be a picture of my wife.
That is so funny! Me too, except I don't have a fleece eye mask - I used an old black sock of my husband's to cover my eyes. :-) 
I once bought my wife silk long sleeve/long pants pajamas, thinking naively that she could be warm and yet not look like she was on a camping trip.  By the second night she was wearing the top over a long-sleeve Old Navy pullover and the socks were back.  Sigh.
are you calling your wife a bitch?
My lips are sealed.
I love my mask because I get rheum in my right eye and sometimes when I would wake up my dry eye would open and a rheum crystal would slice my cornea with light sensitivity all day. It would only happen if the room was cold. So mask fixed it. 
You have a weird fetish..I approve.
That's cause it's business time. 
TEEEEEAAAAAM BUILDING EXERCISE '99
That's why they call it business socks.
vizslas are the weirdest. 
But they are so goddamn cute.
As a vizsla owner, I agree. He's borderline retarded but didn't get it from me.
No he got that from the inbreeding.
He is lucky he was not born in the wild.  Wolves who won't sleep without socks are often ostracized from their packs.
[deleted]
I don't think you know what that word means
Dammit Moon Moon take off those socks.

I have a vizsla and man, they are strange creatures. First of all, they have very human like faces/expressions. It's the kind of face you would assume understands spoken english. I can tell my pup, "get out of the kitchen, I don't want a pot of hot water to fall on you" and she knows exactly what I just said. It's often creepy. My dog does other weird shit like she sticks her face in a potted plant with droopy leaves and just stands there with the leaves sitting on her face. What the OP claimed is pretty reasonable for this breed.
Is your other dog a bull terrier by any chance?
Dogs don't comprehend human language. 
Not sure why you're being downvoted for saying that dogs don't comprehend our words as we do. This is a simple fact, no?
Exactly. We're not stupid.
Most animals can learn to associate words with situations, actions and things. So they . of can. Just depends on how smart the individual is. 
not an expert in linguistics but my pitbull, rottweiler, german shepherd, and chihuahua all know their names, demands to 'sit', 'we're going to the park', 'bad dog' and a few more phrases. maybe they are reacting to the tone of voice? but i believe they can recognize certain words albeit a small vocabulary.
Yes, I have a dog too, and she is very smart, but knowing these words doesn't mean they comprehend them. If I said "get out of the kitchen, I don't want a pot of hot water to fall on you" my dog would leave, but only because she knows "get out", especially if I do a little swat/point gesture. She may think I'm telling her to go drink some water, since she would recognize that word. She certainly wouldn't understand that the water is in a pot, or that it is hot, or that I'm concerned it might fall on her. 
They can understand individual words, and they can understand simple commands. You can pair a name, an item and an action "Chewie, get the ball" and if you have taught the dog that "Chewie" means him and not the other dog, and "get" means to retrieve and "ball" means a tennis ball, they can be taught to fetch on command. .But to say a complete sentence about something the dog has never been trained is understood is obviously not true. .They ARE amazing at reading body language and inflection, so it is entirely possible the owner basically told the dog in those ways to 'back off' and the dog understood that. .Try telling your dog in a gushy, high voice while your hands are on your knees "you are a bad dog! What a bad dog! I am going to beat the crap out of you!" And his tail will be going a mile a minute and he will think you are so happy with him. .Then if you have the heart, stand up straight with your arms crossed, look down sternly at them and say in a low voice like you are angry "You are a great dog. I love you. You are the cutest thing ever. ".I am guessing he will be looking away from you, head down and nervous. 
haha, right. mostly in body language, tone of voice, and eyes i guess. 
Are you saying Inspector Gadget is a lie?
Vizlsa owner here, I agree with you. Whenever I do something stupid and my dog is there he gives me the "Are you fucking serious" face. Vizslas are weird.

I have a Vizsla and I can testify to all of this. She is the smartest dog in the world, but when a door isn't all the way open, she'll just sit there whining, because she doesn't know that she can push it open.
Weimers are the same way.  Weird ass dogs that come complete with weird things that scare them, and things that you would expect to terrify them they just go 

That's why he looks so thrilled


I don't doubt it. My roommates had a Vizsla and they think they're people. They also only have one coat of fur so they colder easier than other dogs. Our dog could always be found in the middle of the bed, underneath the covers. 
exactly!
Glad I'm not the only one assuming OP is banging the dog
Coor Polby.
No, actually, I've grown comfortable with the fact that the dog will almost always be selected over me anyday, but I could have a shot at one of my cousins. Thanks, 
OP is one sick puppy
Which bed was OP talking about?

Too bad he's sitting on his rear left leg, or you'd see all three socks.
What interview  is this from? 

i have a serious girl crush on her
get in line, bub.
You're not my dad!
Just keep thinking that....-Mother
This is such a cute photo! What type of camera do you use?
I took this on my iphone5, usually use my 5dmk2 =]]
The grey cat. "Its ok bro. We're in this together." 
This is a fine example of a mother's love. (The grey one is the mama kitty)

It looks like ryo ohki from tenchi muyo!!! I dunno if I spelled any of that right...my anime days have long passed. But still, so cute!!
this is painted ....
Le so?
No it's not. I realized after the fact that someone cleaned up the image. . an alternate image.
What region is this pokemon found in?
I want one!
I think you can actually get them, I know the japanese keep them as pets. They're a rat species, not particularly hard to care for. 
It is. The artist used that as a reference, but it is digitally painted, and some of the shapes are slightly modified to give it slightly more cute proportions. Particularly the curve to the forehead, and what gives the illusion of slightly floppier ears.
It has a piggie nose.
I don't think you're allowed to feed them after midnight.
, the artist just probably used the alternate image you posted as a model for the drawing. :)
this happens to the punner all the timeeeee
He's kinda derping out there. lol
Maine coon? Mine does the same. It's annoying to have to fight your two cats for the toilet in the morning
No, just a Tabby. A shithead, adorable, fluffy, impossible-to-get-mad-at Tabby..But that's hilarious and I understand completely.
They are cheeky buggers. Been there many times. Live the monkeys 
As have I. But mainly the small ones. At the Monkey Temple they can be quite aggressive at times. I saw these guys a lot of places. One was tied to a pole as a pet and when I played with him I was in heaven. I was also like 10. I wanted one so badly.
Someone kicked this dog? Accidentally I hope? Poor lil pup :(
I wish it had! I posted the story a another comment
Well she's obviously a doofus.....a shame you and your pup had to go through that...:(
I accidentally dropped the leash and all hell broke loose. the women started screaming, kicking my dog, and yelling "GET IT OFF GET IT OFF" when it ran up to her 100lbs dog.. I can only assume you are awful and have never encountered another animal in your life if you do something like that. moral of the story - the suburbs are a rough place
Theres plenty of creeps letting their dog run loose and dont care when they kill other dogs.
r/dogfashionadvice.CONTRIBUTE
Everyone knows Viszlas have to wear a crown in formal situations. They are so regal. :) Grew up with one!<3.He's handsome either way, but he looks more relaxed without the tie. 
Without.
2 words
Bow Tie
With!
With out the tie looks really cool though~ 
Snoop dog, you're getting classy
He seems more confidant without; notice the lifted ears and direct eye contact.  He looks very presentable with the tie but in that picture on the left he looks like the type of dog you wouldn't mind going for a walk with, but at the same time, could imagine running wild.
Tie on.... Bitches love class
Without, but if the tie was different I might say "with".
Working Class Dog.
My god your dog is good-looking.  Is he available?
Definitely with bitches love classy ties ;)
Definitely without.  More fashionable to be fabulously casual. Tie is trying too hard. 
I could only think of Murphy when I read this title. ."Tell me, do you want the mustache on or off?"."Off please."."Too bad."
How did you get your Vizsla to sit still for that long?!

Vizsla's are awesome!
So dignified with. 
FTFY....I'll just swiftly put my fedora on and see myself out.
Dog
Now, I'm not a dog guy, but vizslas are awesome =D
Lady here-.Without the tie. I like a casual, go-lucky man who can play. Ties are for work, so save that shit for the gopher holes. 
With. If he won't go to bed without his socks, he probably won't go to work without his tie!
With, definitly WITH. Bitches go crazy for a sharp dressed dog.
how bout a bowtie? he looks like mr. deeds' butler to me
Someone needs to xpost this in 
SUIT UP
The ability to do things like this is the only reason I wish I owned a larger breed. Dog clothes just aren't as funny as people clothes...

 ? D:
Without... effortlessly sexy :)
With or without the tie la[d]ies.ftfy
God now I'm gonna have to spend my evening dressing my dog up in business clothes. 
Ooh, I like both. Smart & smart casual. Hmmm, it's a difficult one! 
Open a couple more of those buttons, and you can hump my leg with the vigor of a thousand vikings.
Haha I was looking for this comment. Love me some sealab
Why do white people put clothes on their dog?
Downvote! Take this over to . 
"Working breed" :D

I would guess treats. Lots and lots of treats.
He's a vizsla - all he wants to do is please.
The third (and final) post in that sub...I can't stop laughing and #1 and #8.
That is one handsome dog
My buddies dog will let you do pretty much anything, like 

Dogs don't need clothes so none of that is necessary.

You're a dog, take off that shirt and tie. You don't even belong on the internet. bad dog.
Does it bother anyone else that op titled the post with or without but put the without picture on the left and the with picture on the right?
hahaha epic
Tie. Bitches love ties.
You look much younger without the tie.
Someone needs to make a movie with the main character being a Weimaraner and everyone else being human and he just does human things
Dude, the bitches will love you.
n c!'n
OMG, either way you're the bomb.
So that's what Dobby would look like in a tie.
Liver nose ridgeback?
Without. Show off that manly, hairy chest. Women love a hairy chest.
I reckon remove the shirt and tue as well mate,you don't want your dog to boss around you as he looks like one.
That is one sexy beast right there! Either way you tie" it!
Without. BOOM GOES THE DYNAMITE!
Either way. Sending hugs his way.
It's a dog ... they don't wear shirts, much less ties!
Not a female but with out,  he looks like a player 
Punctuation. 
I see a new intern dog meem in the works.
With our. He seems more comfortable and the more comfortable he is the more likely he is to be himself. Women like a man who is true to himself. But I also love a good bow tie. 
With, and wear a proper knot too, please. Something symmetrical, like a full Windsor or for added cute, a nice oversized balthus knot
So vizslas are on the rise tonight
TIL William Wegman is a redditor. 
What a handsome boy.  Love the little white goatee!
I think you look more relaxed without and a but uptight with. You're a cutie! Single?
without!!!! 
Dogs with ties are what reddit is best at. 
With tie - keep it classy.

I'm no bitch, but without I say.
Take your shirt off!
I like the tie, but the smolder in the without pic is pretty great. 
beautiful dog
You dog!
I was expecting that the top two comments would say "With" and "Without"
Been having a bad week so far, but this brought a smile to my face! I say with tie.

without (my dog had me wright that).
SUBTLE INCLUSION OF THE BEACH SELFIE IN THE BACKGROUND. 
Upvote for good PR, OP. You look great.
Go with the tie.  I think it brings out the blue in your ey--SQUIRREL!
I think both looks are nice, but don't forget...you're never fully dressed without a smile.
I'd say go straight for a pupped collar look.
Ears up, tie down, that's the way I like my Basset Hound.
Picture and the name "Olivia" ringing a bell for me.  Ever live in Orlando?
Si senior
first day on the job business dog.
I prefer tie ladies over ladies.
For the  potential of a female wife with the tie 
With tie.  Square up that knot a bit and you're good to go.
two vizslas on the front page on the same day?! time to post my pointer.
(Same dog, same op)
With. I'm not a lady but totally with.
You mean you're not a 
ur a bitch
 
So almost like a sister sub to 


You weren't joking! Sweet relief.
That subreddit is less than a week old if I'm not mistaken! 
Bad days when a Dog looks better in a shirt and tie than myself.
Ah, don't be hard on yourself, he . a very dapper dog.
Depends on the occasion. You don't want to look too formal at the dog park. Losing the tie illustrates that you can relax, and it doesn't hurt to show off more of that glorious coat. If you're going to the pet store or the veterinarian, you want the ladies to see you dressed for success, and I'd say a tie is the right choice for the outing.
I agree! Also, remember that for casual occasions, it's fine to maybe pop the top button (or two, if you're daring). You look less uptight than when your collar is stiff and buttoned up tight against your throat. Plus, opening up a button will bring just that small hint of sexiness that's really attractive.
agreed. i would say the four in hand would be the right knot for pet store, but for the vet, i would go with something a little more classy and symmetrical like a windsor or hanover. it would look good with that collar. 
Without just says "I'm so laid back" and "can I burry my bone in your backyard?"
And without has a nice sporty look to it, good for chasing after those frisbees.
I'm so using that line on my wife... I don't expect it to go well.
report back on its outcome
Mate you're married. You probably weren't having sex any time soon anyway. 
Why does marriage negate sex? 
It's a joke playing on the stereotype of married couples not having sex that often.
That's what I thought, but I wasn't sure. I have met people who honestly believe that people don't have sex after marriage except for having kids. 
Really? That's weird.
Yeah, he better be wrong. I'm waiting till after marriage. 
I wouldn't recommend that personally but hey, your life is your life. 
Good nana! I can crochet doggy sweaters!
Moms baby, Tellulah 
Awww, such a cutie. Looks just like my in-laws dog. They just had her put down for health reasons. Made me cry. 
aww sorry to hear! :(
Thank you. They've lost both their dogs (sisters) within a couple of months, it's been heartbreaking. They were gorgeous girls and they'll be missed but we have amazing memories of them..Your pup is gorgeous! Enjoy :) sorry for being a downer, just choked me up when I opened the pic.
Could be because of other reasons. Pretty
Well he does look like an asshole... some cats are just born pricks lol
Derppppp
Adorable!!!
Unfortunately, OP hit a telephone pole in his successful attempt to save the cat. The ability to hold a camera steady was completely lost in the mild collision.
Why would you lie to us? It clearly is not your cakeday. 

That makes me very sad. It was 7am on my cake day when I posted it. 
I'm disappointed in you son.
, Milo loves a bit of dress up, Ella is less keen but will sometimes just put up with it for a peaceful life. If anyone is worried about Milo growling as a vampire he does that face when we try to undress him, he loves being dressed up.
Puppy hugs, incoming!
This picture makes me think the dog is both sitting and floating at the same time.
I like to think he is flying. 
Did you name him after the movie? He really does look like Bolt!
Yes, inadvertently. 
What do all of these posts start with Reddit, meet...we know you posted the picture so that people would look at it.
For what other reason would one post a picture if it wasn't for it to be seen?
Exactly! So you don't have to tell us! You don't have to announce it. We already know why you posted it.
My word choice is irrelevant to the cute face in the picture! :) 
Absolutely needed these hearty lols! Excellent job!
This is the most adorable thing ever 
LIVEMEME LE EVAL!!! 
Mary Janes...
I just had a horrible day, and this dramatically improved it. Bless this photo.
thank you
thank you
thank you.this made me guffaw.so effing cute!
This is the first post on Reddit that I've actually saved, and I'm almost at my first cakeday.  Seriously.  I've gone back three times now to look at it.  Big belly laughs every time.
Happy cake day! :D
Meet your prom date.
Animal cruelty... you should be in jail. 
They look like tiny little shoes 
That's hysterical. Now someone tell me why livememe is to be avoided on one's cakeday. 
I was referring to the lame memes people post on adviceanimals for their cakeday.  I just karma whore my dog instead.
OP, thanks for the gut busting, hilarious, laughing until I cried photo.
:D
y u no livememe?
That little ":D" made me so happy. I felt happier than I ever had in my life, to see someone so innocent smile so happily. 
When one goes to livememe, there is no guarantee they will ever come back - due to the vortex of no back button.
Your browser doesn't have a back button?
What a le epic brave title!!
Thought you had written a haiku, but its a few off.  Pretty good for not trying at all though :D
I know socks on dogs is funny, but serious question here. .I want to keep my carpet nice and clean. Is it ok to put socks on my 45 lb. Staffy every time she comes in the house. I know they sweat/release heat through their paws, so it might not be healthy.
Honestly she probably wont leave them on for very long.
imgur allows you to make memes now
I can't stop laughing! This is so funny! 
Try it.  Go to livememe.com

Refuses to go to live meme - posts something even more generic.
Would you not post this on your cakeday? 
I don't get it. Why would you have to go to livememe?
I'm referring to the cakeday memes people make.
Whatever, your dog is cool.
Subscribes to . - gets upset when people post pictures of animals.
Let me guess. You're female.
Guessed wrong.
w00t w00t!
This is my favorite thing on reddit ever :D
OMG!!!!
Those socks make it look like your dog has a serious case of cankles.
Puppy Pumps?.Kind of like Kitten Mittens?
The Gromble?
They look like creepy little mutant feet! But in the cutest way :)
Hahaha awesome picture!
I have four dogs. Soon, they will . be wearing these. 
Thanks for the funniest thing I've seen all month. Can't stop chuckling at this.
Hmmm...my 12 yo boxer has arthritis, and he's been slipping on the wood floors.  He's getting grippy socks tomorrow!!!  
Thats why I got her these, not for arthritis though, she just is a little enthusiastic about running and hasn't quite worked out stopping on the hardwoods.
For some reason this is terrifying. 
Those are the shoes she will wear to walk on your grave
This is hilarious and she is precious!
Why do you refuse to go to livememe?
Definitely made me smile.

Please. Stop doing things for "cake days". 
"I'm as surprised as you are!"
why are his feet so wittle?
I was just about to say that this is the funniest thing I've seen in r/funny in a while, but then noticed it wasn't in r/funny..Either way, this is fabulous.
y'know, theres no limit on my karma storage.  I think you're onto something.
dooo ittt. 
This is amazing!
This is so hilarious. I never get more than a chuckle out of stuff here, but this... this was amazing. Thanks for the great laughs!
Wow! I immediately pictured 'Martha Speaks'! Not sure how to add an image, but it's pretty close. 
Guessing you mean 
Ha! Dorky I know, but if you see her whole body she has tiny feet and a chubby body. =)
I . to get some of these for my Basset.
Your pup looks awesome, & happy!
OHHH MY GOD this pic made me go full retard
Never go full retard, you know that. Geez, c'mon man.
I couldn't help it... the dog... the feet... ohhhmmmgggg
She looks so dapper :)
This is hilarious! What is up with reddit tonight? Everything is actually funny!

Haha that's hilarious too!
I die. These are so cute. They make her feet look so dainty! Eeeeee
O M G he's wearing little mary janes
can't stop looking at this!! So cute.  They make her feet look squishy. 
I have SO many of these stupid socks lying around from my daughter. Now I now what I'm doing later. Thanks!
so awesome! definitely getting some for my puppy!!!!!
I was thinking the same thing!
What breed is your dog?
The woofy kind.
Those feet look like Oblina's from Ahh Real Monsters. 
They look like wee tap shoes!
She looks like Martha Speaks!!!
Totally! My son watched that show when he was little. For those not familiar:.BONUS: Neil DeGrasse appears in this episode as well!
WHERE DO I BUY THESE?
Lol but seriously they are cute. I thought they were shoes until I went back and read the title again. The OP mentioned he found them at Target in the baby socks section.
Something's off about this pic
This is greater than the sum of its parts.
Simple, yet hilarious.   Have an upvote.
What a fashionista! Prettiest thing I've seen today. Totally adorable, makes me want to pick a pair for my yorkie :)
I don't know how familiar you are with children's TV, but can you please feed your dog some alphabet soup?.Let me know what happens. Hopefully, magic!
I am not familiar, and that sounds very tedious. 
Thank you. That is all. 
I've finally found my spirit animal. 
I just now told her that she is emmieofdoom's spirit animal..She just started licking her leg.
That seems like a good sign. I'll take it!
its just so silly i love it :)
you made the right decision 
I wish I could upvote this more than once
Thank you for giving this to us on YOUR birthday
my daughter used to wear those... they look so tiny compared to the rubberoos she wears once ina while now
I wish I had a dog to show off :(
Hahaha...omg, this is the cutest freaking thing I have ever seen.
Something's off about this pic
imgur does memes now.
His front paws totally look like a big lady's feet in heels. 
Your little girl is awesome; she looks so pleased with herself (even if she will shrug them off in 3, 2, 1...). More proof that all women love shoes.  
I keep getting images of little creepy schoolgirls... maybe the shining? into my head, then i see the  dogs face. Its late and im confused :(
You just confused me and it's only 9:30
Guess what day it is?
That's ridiculous! I love it!
Awww he looks so concerned!
Too tired to be witty, although that doesn't seem to stop many meme-makers.
Where in the world did these socks come from?! I want them! For my dogs of course...
She's a mutt.  All I know is a bit of chow.  Got her 8 years ago from a family friend and the litter consisted of a couple her color, some blonde pups and a few black ones haha.  Only way she looks like her mother is that shes got a bit of white at the end of her tail.
Looks like a Corgi lab mix
Definitely some Corgi in her I think, with those proportions.
Oh man those tap shoes look uncomfortable. Her 'dogs are gonna be barkin' by the end of the day. ;)
Except they are socks.
/facepalm.Obtuse redditor is obtuse.
Woah woah woah woah, let's not get into Geometry, I'm not a maths kind of guy.  I was just making the obligatory comment ignoring the joke.
Haha! This is ridiculous and awesome.
:D
I would have given you an upvote had you just posted the picture.  People know it is your cake day, you don't have to include this in your title..I'm really sick of cake day posts.  Your dog is cute but I hate you.
Well its my first one, so you can be as sour as you want, its already been done.
I'm sour because this kind of content degrades Reddit as a whole.  You are a contribution to that. 
As are you.
If not moreso. What's the big deal about cake days anyway, people get so mad. 
This tore me up. Oh my gah so cute and so funny. Your doggie looks like a little chubby child.
Can anyone tell me why its rotated in the preview, and if you goto imgur, but not on the RES image?
You're being trolled.
OP, can you share where you bought the socks? 
They are baby grippy socks from target haha.  I redid the hardwood flooring downstairs(pictured here) and she wasn't quite used to the new, erm... slickness? of the floor so I got her these so she didn't kamikaze into the wall coming down the stairs.
She doesn't try to take them off?
Wait so these are made for babies, or are they dog socks, just called "baby grippy?"
Those are baby socks. Carters sells them too. 
Tries and succeeds in a few minutes, but she understands the speeds she can handle on the floors now.
Bwahaha! I love it! I have friends who have a Neapolitan mastiff and she runs down the stairs so fast she does the "Bambi on ice" thing. Maybe they need these too!
These are baby socks, of the grippy persuasion.
I like to think my dog is just always in the 'Fast and Furious' mindset and likes drifting around the corners in my house.
Hahaha
When our cats do that, we refer to it as making a ..
I wish your dog knew how to tap dance.  "Tea for two, and two for tea..."
She taps all over the house when she walks, if thats any consolation. 
Close enough!

I think we've all seen this eleventybillion times by now but it simply cannot lose its luster.  Belly laughs every.single.time.
lol, the jazz hands at the end... oh my god, hahahahahahahaha
Where do you think that dog leaned his moves from?
No, like 

Why do animals suck at walking with things on their feet?
Something something friction coefficient.
I literally had to make the sad decision to euthanize my three year old dane/lab mix no more than 48 hours ago. He had an aggressive tumor growing on his spinal column and wasn't responding to 10,000+ dollars of treatment and was in complete agony for 72 hours preceding his death. I am a 24 year old grown ass man but have been completely unhinged and bawling on and off since he was put down. This was the first thing that made me laugh since he died. From the bottom of my heart, thank you, thank you, thank you. 
You loved him so much you made a really hard decision  knowing it would break your heart.  You did good.  When you're ready there's a dog at your local shelter waiting for a good person.
So sorry to hear about your dog. :(
Damn man.  I know what its like loosing a dog/best pal with a tail.  Sending good vibes your way.
HIIIIING.Edit:  That's the sound of vibes.
Tappa, tappa, tappa!
They come to me on this, the day of my reddit cakeday, and troll?  RES is a jerk.
All the pictures are fine for me. they're all right side up.
Well I don't even know then hah.  Even though I took it with my phone vertically it showed up sideways on imgur, so I rotated it on there..I think the photo is just being a bully.
Target.  In the baby sock area.
Those poor four-footed babies...
Thank you kindly. I need to get a pair!
Thank you!
No problem, dont worry that info is legit.
Confirmed! My daughter had these as well. Never thought to put them on an animal though.... 
kitten mittons!
oh my god. This is hysterical. I rarely get a good, genuine belly laugh out of reddit but this got me. We are remodeling our house right now. TONS of wood & tile. My dachshunds are so getting these. Holy shit....I'm dying. .omjesus: I keep coming back to look at it. Make the laughter stop. I think your dog is about to become my desktop wallpaper if you so approve. 
me too,man. i dont know why but this got me. the legs are short with those little shoe/socks, mixed with the dogs expression....its the perfect storm.
It's just so 
haha awesome.  Dunno if this will help or not, but shes actually quite chubby.  Picture doesn't really have anything to judge scale off of though.
Great job OP. Set the bar high for actually funny cakeday posts. Congratulations. .Edit: weird reddit cough there,  triple posted my comments. Sorry the confusion. Still a great post though. 
I think it does. Her feet look really tiny compared to her body. Not trying to be mean at all but I did notice she's a little chubs. Very cute dog, though.
I wholeheartedly approve of your plans to purchase dachshund socks! ;)
[deleted]
[deleted]
Watch it guys, double troll.
On any other thread (well subreddit) you'd have so many upvotes.
I'm good with my modest karma, but I love the opportunity to promote the wearing of socks by stubby-legged little dogs. :)
You scared it off.  Good work soldier.

[deleted]
Nice Try, Ferd...Im upvoting you...
[deleted]
...yes...
this is your time. this is the one time i think you may ever be relevant. take it in!
Believe it or not, it's come up a couple times in . ! There is, what I think is a Visla, wearing socks somewhere around the front page. The opportunity to become . is available! :D
I keep waiting for it to be my time. It hasn't happened yet. 
Your username is relevant! This is your moment!!
Ghost?
So badass.
Agreed ! You have an absolute gorgeous dog here ! 
Oh wow. Breed?
He is a Siberian Husky. 
Yes he is
Water below the birds with a water pot.
Yes, keep watering them! If the plants die the nest won't be as well hidden. 
My dog just lays on top of everything, including me, he don't give many fucks
Congrats on your 6 new puppies!
I didn't adopt them. I'm not in a position right now where I could give even one puppy the amount of attention and love that they need. A litter that cute is almost always adopted within a week, though.
I do love a nice bun.
Tyson
Puss in fur, because he has no clothes on whatsoever, let alone boots.
Game of Thrones fan:  If yes, call him "Snow" or "Benjen" (Benny!)
Cunt Destroyer, Bob Loblaw, Eleanor Roosevelt, Franklin Roosevelt, or Cassius Clay. 
What are this?
This be a dog
Cute pic!.Short skirt and a loooonngggggg jacket!
He is going to be the next scumbag steve!
Great photo. I don't think most newborns are so pretty. Looks like a perfect little baby. I looked liked an angry loaf of bread with limbs.
Guys. The guinea pigs need you. They love you. Well, they probably do. I'm not sure though. If not, sucks for you. 
That is so cute. I have lizards in my yard. I love them, they eat the spiders. :)
Beardy!!! I Go buy him some small live crickets and you'll make his day
congratulations!! She's precious.
Congrats! The best to you and your wife (and Sophia)!
Congratulations on your beautiful baby girl!
Greatness takes time. Congrats!!! 
Don't take pictures! Give belly rubs to that sweetie!
Don't worry, I gave her plenty of rubs and she's already been adopted into a loving home. 
Where... Where can I get one?

I really liked them too! Until I saw one take a shit. I would not want to pick that up, it was massive.  But I still think they're awesome looking dogs.
Here is our Duke as a puppy.
.And today!
.Congrats on the new puppy. They are such a fun breed. 
That's one huge eye booger.
SO DAMN CUTE
Olaf, metal.
Or spooge. OP may like Great Danes too much.
Aww, you're super, Nova.
Dogs hate this puffy acrylic fill.  
Tiny dog leg is all I have to add to this :)
Damn liberals, trying to take away my freedom of treats.
why don't you have a harness?! A flying projectile dog can hit you, the windshield, or other passengers, causing injury to yourself or your pet. Pets can also slow down the assistance of first responders that arrive on the scene in the case of an accident. Frightened and/or injured dogs may try to bite or run from paramedics and police officers. In addition, dogs may escape from a wrecked car, which can easily cause a secondary accident.  
Your dog looks like Dr. Evil
That's not gonna stop be from taking her on car rides. She be so bored without them. But i appreciate your input and concernt
LANA, LOOK! He thinks he's PEOPLE!
classy dog is classy.
I have a dog that looks exactly like that!
very rufflective mate!:)
It'll be really awesome when you have an accident and the poor clueless animal is crushed/mangled because it wasn't restrained!!  But at least you got some cute pictures (and valuable internet points) from it!
Am I doing it right now? 

Yep!.And how did I know there'd be a PETA soldier in here eventually...I'm surprised no one has cried "abuse" because of the nails as well (the quicks are long, but they just need a teeny snip on the end).  ;)
YES!!!  Though the dog doesn't seem to be enjoying it nearly as much! :).I'm FAR from a PETA soldier (or fan) ... just lookin' out for your puppy's well-being!  The dog certainly doesn't know any better!
I appreciate your concern. Such a nice guy
so you have a lab/pit bull too? 
I'm actually not really sure what she is.. But I think she is bull Arab cross mastiff 
She even has the arm on the armrest! My dog flips a shit whenever her paws aren't on something.
Sheesh...FINALLY!!
Close, but no cigar. Where's the seatbelt?!
I swear she thinks she's one of the humans now 
Who are these cold-blooded assholes that don't think she is cute.
WHHHAAAAA?!?!?! She is too cute for her own good!!!
Oh my god. Fucking adorable. 
Definitely cute!
agree
Who says she's not cute? They're crazy.
I think she is SUPER cute!
i'm sure it's just as hard as you to leave as for the pup to see you go.

His nose looks like sausage
.. Damn. 
Two faces like this are the reasons I love to work from home.  I don't know how you could ever leave.
I believe this would be why you married him. Good choice.
Take her up on it.
It's a he. My husband. 
that's so sweet! Hang in there! With someone like him at your back, that's great, I hope you will get/feel better!
I hope you feel better. I bet you're a beautiful, awesome individual, and I'm sure he's one lucky guy to be married to you. Sending internet hugs to you!
The dog's patience looks like it is running out....
should rub cat nip on the dog...they will never be better friends...
Pretty kitties!
Gorgeous kitties! Love the names
Thank you! 
My old girl, Tirza, looked a whole lot like yours.  Same age too. 
Absolutely spot on name for him!
Thank you :)
Do they call him Scooter?

nom nom nom....little do I know he's holding in a giant kitty fart
Edit- ps that's a masterful cat burger drawing ya got there!
Haha cute little paws :) 
What a fucking pussy.
He's not waiting for it to be safe to come out, he's setting up an ambush.
 . just waitin outside the door
Oh just look at that pink nose and those mischievous eyes! Perfect little kitty face!
Even though I know it wants world domination, I can't help but want to love it.
d'aw, my cat got chased into the tree in my front yard because of my sisters pitbull who got loose, poor kitteh
That cat is Tweakin'.......
Eyes 0_0 literally thought of this internet emote when I saw this. 
He got tired of the ceiling I see. I guess any square space he can look out of will do.
OMG that looks like my cat! :D
What kind of worthless shit reposts someone elses cat?
Those eyes, though.
My cat gets this look when he goes what my family likes to call.
Bat-shit-crazy, or feral mode.
this is my iphone background
Ceiling cat has returned to earth! 
I seriously dislike cats but this one's an exception! :)
look at his quivering lip! aw precious 
I'm pretty sure this is how they ship cats from the factory.
Looks identical to Puss n Boots!
There's a lot of personality in that face!
Is the kitty afraid of quotation marks?
Anyone else see a scary ass dog in the cat's left eye?
That's the person holding the camera, I think.
sweeeety !
You can instantly tell when something is a repost based on the type of picture and lame title..I really loathe these reposters.
"Not cat; am crackers!"
Is that ceiling cat?
"Come to the coast. We'll get together. Have a few laughs."
oh little oranges cats with little pink noses makes my heart swoon! 
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

That's not your picture OP. Shame on you.
OP never claimed it was his/her picture. 
Shit. You're right. My humble apologies.
I forgive you, Codeleaf. 
Looks like ceiling cat. 
I know those eyes...
I love pics on r/aww that are actually cute enough to make me say "awwwwww"
Wtf? Repost again?????????? Why are people saving other people's pets and reposting them. If someone reposted my pics I would be pissed off
I'm sorry, I believe the correct title is "If I fits, I sits". Am I doing this right? 
Is the doggone what?

Oh, look, they come in boxes now.....where do I get one?

I could have sworn that was my cat! They look exactly alike 
I expected a cheesy catposter because this is a repost and youre beeing sarcastic, but your cat is cute!
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

haha thanks for that one!
No. 
When my cats give me that look, it usually means "is it murder time!?"...
I am waiting for you, kitty kitty kitty... 
Those are attack eyes. 
REPOST
They are allowed. 
REPOST x 328573129857913827593128759123783125
 

Noone cares for a repost of a meme about noone caring about reposts...my brain hurts...
exactly
REHARLEM 
le this
[deleted]
I think you're cancer.
[deleted]
Thanks.
I don't think I've ever seen a negative karma train before...
Welp, you're on it too now buddy!
Choo choo!
Not everyone has seen everything on reddit. Calm your tits.

I think this picture might be older than reddit...
And I haven't seen it.
Welcome to the internet.
Can I get a welcome too
No.
Internet is not friendly eh. 
It's so fuzzy :3
He'd make a nice bowling ball
It looks like you just fired him out of a waiter gun."Mmhmm, yes, would you like some WHYN with your coffee?"
It's like you didn't even try. 
Introducing the new Double Shot Slurm
My mom took 2 ShihTzu mixes from a family that wanted to put them to sleep, apparently nobody else wanted them because they were "too old" at the age of 6. They're the best dogs, despite the fact that the male had been abused and they had to have 4 teeth pulled each because of neglect :( 
Yea I adopted a dog that was a few years old too and he is just as precious and loving as any puppy I have ever owned, I love him so much. He was abused by his originally owner as well so he can get anxious from time to time and was tentative to fully trust me at first and I would feel terrible when I had to raise my voice to him because he would get visibly nervous that I was gonna beat him. He is such a loving dog now though and loves to cuddle up next to me.
We didn't figure out the abuse until recently. The male has always been very touchy about being picked up a certain way, I was snuggling with him last month and felt knots on his ribs that had been unnoticed because he had been shaved and lost weight since my mom had first gotten him last November. She took him back to the vet and the vet confirmed the dog had 3 broken ribs that had never been treated and were probably caused from a kick long before my mom got him :( 
I surely hope that many blessings are bestowed upon your Mother and family. I adopted both of my dogs - a 5 year old yorkipoo (came from a former co-worker's cousin) and a 1 year old cockapoo from my local animal shelter. The cockapoo was surrendered to the shelter by their owner simply because she was "too much." As in, she was still in her puppy ways. She, whom I have named Hope, has come a long way with a little training, veterinarian care, and grooming!  
It's always baffling to me what people do to mans best friend. How a person can get such a lovable pet and then abuse it is beyond me.
Also I am more than happy to provide pictures if anyone is interested.
Wheaton terrier?
Yeah... right... cooling off... You had Puppy Pilaf tonight, didn't you? DIDN'T YOU?!!!.Cute little guy. :)
You need to use a food related name. .Pilaf? 
Biscuit? 
Gravy? 
Cookie?
Ciabatta?
Mmmm. Kiwi.
Kinda looks like a Chocobo! Throw a saddle on that thing!
An ostrich ate my lollipop when I was a little kid. Now I'm afraid of ostriches. 
It's an awwstrich
It's kind of adorably awkward.
I wonder what he did to be put on the bracelet? Damn kids.
My brother has an ostrich farm, and all of his ostriches have velcro braclets on their ankles to keep track of them.
Because there trouble makers?
Those legs look like a humans... A very creepy humans.
The feathers on his body looks like the hair of a Backstreet Boy. 
Nah, it makes it easier to tell where they came from when they're moved into their pens. Inbreeding prevention, I guess. 
Wow she's gorgeous!! 
He* would be happy to know you think so! 
Aaaaawwww *he's handsome! 
Hey, best of luck.  My son is non verbal, has autism and wasn't potty trained (poop wise at least) until just shy of his 7th birthday.  Now it's fairly smooth sailing, but that was a rough 7 years :)
I'm not a kid fan, but dem eyelashes! He's a cutie.
What a creative solution! I love the way he thinks. .And what a little sweetie, with his rosy cheeks. Awww, indeed.  :) 
But he sat on a rubber couch. 
I like his cool little red chair.
Also, the wee will actually fill up the boots, not go over them. I know because this happened a couple of weeks ago - we're potty training our 2.5 yr old and he was in the garden in wellies and... well, you get it. 
So cute! Keep being n awesome parent!
Is it just me, or are the boots on the wrong feet?
He's seriously adorable. He looks just like my baby brother at that age (he is 6 years younger than me) 
Kid looks like my nephew, who is also awesomely adorable and potty training.
I do the same thing.
Its gotta be tough trying to condition yourself to not pee your pants if thats all you've ever know.
I'm thirty and I frequently fight the urge to spray urine everywhere.
The only thing that has caused me to become extremely frustrated as a father is, potty training. .My son was a pain until we discovered he loved popsicles. At that point it was a cake walk to potty training him. Just rewarded him with a popsicle for going to the bathroom. Once he got that take away the popsicle until he prompts or initiates using the bathroom. And then removed the reward entirely. Worked like a charm..Just some advice for up and coming parents. Reward behaviour and don't punish so much. Works a lot better on little ones. .Also OP. Good Luck!
Funny that he also has his boots reversed. 
He doesn't mind peeing on his legs, but it's important to keep those feet dry?  I are confused.
what a beautiful child!  
My niece was 2.5 when she stopped wearing diapers. And never have she peed in bed. She'd usually wake up and pee on the floor instead.
How cute is that!!!!.(As for potty-training age and using pacifiers...I'd just say, each child is different, as long as the kid is happy and in a safe environment, it really doesn't matter how quickly he/she is out of diapers!!!)
Awwww little angel. 
Why did the thumbnail look like an abnormal red dog/wolf hybrid humping your son from the back?....I should go sleep now.
He reminds me of my son, we are at the potty training stage right now. Such a sweet picture 
that's supercute
Thanks for sharing. This is absolutely adorable. 
Ah. So that's what 'Fill your boots' really means.
Adorable!
This made me happy
1st thing that came into my mind 
Your boots are on the wrong feet silly.
Pretty sure that means you get to draw on him. Teach him college lessons early. 
This picture made me smile
No diaper but still a pacifier? I found it WAAAY easier to lose the pacifier before potty training. Still going through the potty training but my girl is doing good now in her "big girl panties" as she calls them.
That kid looks like 5, what the fuck ;_;
I was taking shits the size of Mount Everest when I was 5 and I wasn't doing it in the diaper.
This kid is going places. 
I don't quite understand it when people say 'we tried at x age but they weren't interested'. of course they're not going to be interested, they've been in convenient nappies for the last 2 years! I;'m not saying this would work with everyone, but with both ours, we just went cold turkey with them, around 2.5 yrs old. After the first week or so, they've basically got it sorted. At 2.5 yrs they were at least able to tell us or identify when they needed to go, or when they'd wet themselves. .Not saying 'you're doing it wrong' but sometimes, if you can bear it, it's worth sticking out the cold turkey approach. 
We tried that for a day. I took him to the potty every 10 minutes and he still managed to wet all 12 undies and every pair of pants he has. Not to mention the piss all over the floor/couch/carpet. If you don't have a washer in your home, this is a terrible idea. He just isn't ready. He poops on the potty every time he needs to go, but has no interest in peeing in the potty.
Cute, but, umm, that's a pacifier.
awwww too cute, but way too old for a pacifier.  Try super hero underwear, when my Jacob was being toilet trained he was so worried about ruining his Avenger underwear he was diligent about making it to the toilet.  Good Luck by the way.
My first son weed on the floor 14 times in the first day. The next day, a few less, and one in the potty. In a fortnight he was basically trained. 
did this happen in 1905?
What? Are you saying use of the word fortnight is old fashioned? In america maybe, definitely not in the UK. 
How unique, you must be so proud of your ability to fuck like animals and drip out that parasite. Congratulations.
you should have him get rid of the nookie tooo there 
Not to worry, Mommy put an end to the nookie after our second baby...  wait, something tells me we are talking about 2 different nookies.
God once you have kids, its amazing, I am not the crazy kid loving kinda guy but my son is 3 right now and he amazes me every day, no other human on this planet can make me cry laugh and make me mad to the point I want to sacrifice a new born kitten and drink the blood and tears of unborn children all in a time span of 24h as much as my son does + every time I get mad I feel like a huge fucking asshole and a bad father and need to hug him a thousand times, once he came down from his bed for the 10th time and I literally dragged him up in his bed, I felt so bad after it I had to wake him up and tell him how sorry I am ... fucking weird. I don't understand anybody who can beat their children, hit then I can understand simply by the fact that they can frustrate and get you mad to the point were you want to fuck them out the window, I would never hit my kid tho but damn I was close a few times to slap them hard on the bum, but beat them? I mean really beat them? How? My fucking heart is melting when he cries a little bit, and I'm a 250 Pound no fat powerlifting 6 foot 2 type a guy, how do you belt your kid without loosing your mind? sorry reddit this got a bit random.
How adorable. He'll be thinking this way in about 20 years after too much to drink and in 70 for no reason.
That kid looks old to be in diapers. All 3 of my kids were off by 2 1/2. This kid looks about 4 or 5 ...
"I put rubber boots on him before nodding off so I could take this picture."
I wipe my own ass
I'm not a fan of giving them candy as a reward, I would suggest using stickers and folding a colored paper as a book for the stickers. And start with giving them one sticker every time they sit a set time, like 5 minutes, at the toilet/potty. When they get used to sitting there switch to giving them one (we give two if they poop since many kids find that the hardest) every time they do anything in the toilet. And after a while when they have no accidents, tell them that in one week we are done with the stickers. That's how we do it in the kindergarten I work. 
I'm training my fourth child.  He's not quite 2.5.  Yesterday, we tried the "no pants, no diaper" approach that worked well with his three siblings.  While the day did not prove successful for me, my son has a great sense of accomplishment; he, very deliberately, peed halfway up the glass of the patio door.  He got hold of his member, bent backwards, and took aim.  The pee line started at least a foot higher than his head..He was so proud, and, because I couldn't stop laughing, he kept wanting to do it again.
This put a smile on my face today. Thanks for that!!
....THAT'S SO ADORABLEEEEEE
I usually downvote pictures of kids but fuck that's cute 
Ah, lawd, that's a cute picture! My son has those same jammies, too. I wish he'd have done something this cute, but alas, I am cursed with a sensible son. He was "fully potty-trained" at about 2.5/3 years of age. His reasoning was that of "Mommy, I don't like these squeeshy things, can I wear underwear like you now?" Damn near died. "Yes! But yours can have cars and Buzz on them if you want to." "Hmm...okay, but only if you get them too!" Which is why I have a pair of Spongebob boxer tucked around here somewhere.
That's pretty cute.
Won't the pee just collect at his feet? I'm confused. Maybe I should just try it...
Child psychologist and father of 5 here:.You are doing several things VERY wrong.  Potty training before getting him off the pacifier and blankee?  I can guarantee you this kid will grow up to be an entitled brat who will almost certainly form a drug addiction of some kind.   .Let me guess, you just let him do as he pleases all day long because it is easier for you?  Right?  Im sure you will deny it, but this one picture speaks volumes about your parenting style.  You are not doing the kid a favor.  Put tabasco on his pacifer and BURN the blankee in front of him.   Let him cry and just stare at him while he does it THEN give him the pacifier and let him feel the pain.  He needs to know he can't always get what he wants and there are consequences to selfishness.
Please never have children IRL
Please let this be someone trolling. Just incase, let me point out some things wrong with this..1) Hot sauce on the tongue is debated as possible child abuse. Just throw out all the pacifiers and say they're gone, no need to scald off taste buds.
2) Traumatic events aren't therapeutic. 
3) Yeah, I reread the comment and this guy's trolling so I'm wasting my time.
troll
Either you're lying about being a child psychologist or you're a terrible child psychologist. The only child psychologists I've seen talk like (using such absolutes and being so judgmental) were complete burn outs who should have left the field a long time ago. .Out of curiosity, if you are a child psychologist what is your theoretical orientation? 
It is utter sarcasm, and he is in fact mocking the people who are harping about the pacifier. 
Oh jesus, you're probably right. I have spent too many years with self-righteous psychologists that I didn't recognize the sarcasm. 
Are you trying to make sarcasm/satire work on the internet? As noble as that is, you can only fail. My upvote won't stop that.
His comment history checks out..
Don't forget! if you have a family dog, have him strangle it too. "it's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything..".Source: I'm the senior editor for Family magazine.
Jesus wtf lol
Toddler logic...
How paradoxical.
Not a paradox, a paragaloshes actually.
Excellent.
rubber boots, who would have thought that would solve my peeing on my feet issues...
Wow, a kid that old still using a pacifier? I automatically assume parents are irresponsible lazy asses when they don't wean kids off those things by their first birthday. I hope you guys love his deformed mouth and slowed speech development. Downvote away motherfuckers I'm just speaking the truth!
Except you have no idea what you're talking about, at all. Find one source that backs up that a approx 18-24 month year old shouldn't be using a pacifier..Messed up mouth? He doesnt even have all his baby teeth, no difference there. Most experts say start weaning AT 12 months, not before, so yeah. Also, if it is just a naptime/sleeping thing, it wont affect speech. Actually know what you're talking about you fucking tool. Stop regurgitating poor misinformation and idiocies passed down to you by your inbred family.
Supporting this view...
Actually, disposable diapers are one of the reasons kids are potty training so late. They are so absorbent that the pee is soaked up instantly and the child isn't aware of when they're going to the bathroom. Not to mention that parents believe pull ups help kids transition to underwear when all it really does is prolong the diapering stage and make the toddler more resistant to change. .My son was potty trained at 8 months, before he could walk. You just make shushing noises and hold them over a little potty and it triggers them to go. You have to train babies to pee in diapers, they don't like peeing on themselves, no animal does. That's why they say babies pee as soon as you take their diapers off, they're just trying not to wet themselves. .Google "Elimination Communication" if anyone wants their baby out of diapers. I know it sounds gimmicky but it's super, super easy and effective and completely free. It worked instantly and everytime my baby peed for me I thought it was a fluke. He's 22 months now and never ever has accidents. It wasn't even work. 
no babies pee when you take their diaper off because they have tiny bladders. When all they are doing is eating and sleeping that thing fills up fast. 
As soon as he could stand and walk a little (11-12 months) he took himself to the potty. We put a t shirt and leg warmers on him so that way it would be easier because he didn't have the fine motor control to pull down pants yet. It's not like my kid's some peeing genius either, I show other mamas and their kids do it too. 
Because you know what's better than prolonging the diapering stage?  Psychologically conditioning a baby to pee at your command.
That's interesting. I'm curious to see the psychology that's behind that
Seconding the pull-ups lengthening training time. My stepson was in them for several months and it took a long time for him to start using the potty on his own.
That's how they train the kids to pee in the village I come from in the middle of no where on a river bend across a ferry from a town no one has ever heard of. People can't afford diapers so its easier to train kids to pee as early as possible they just sit there and go 'sssssssssssssss'. 
How is that any different than sitting a child on a potty and telling them to pee?
You mean, "What is the the difference between teaching a child a language and giving him/her a request to pee and psychologically conditioning an infant to pee when a certain noise is made?"
I think you're being a bit dramatic. It's the same noise running water makes or you know, the sound of pee hitting the bottom of the toilet. By the time he was one he did it all on his own anyways.  
I'm not making any claims of this definitely fucking up a kid, I'm just saying that the probability of this fucking up a kid is probably a bit higher than using diapers until they're old enough for potty training.
Do you even have kids? 
What you don't get is that you have to train a baby to be okay with peeing on themselves. They're old enough to not piss themselves right off the bat. They don't want to. They thrash and squirm and cry and people say that's just what babies do. Try taking off their clean diaper and letting them pee and they're happy. .People naturally want to pee when they hear running water. Hence why we turn on the faucet to help someone go when they have to pee in a cup for labs. You're the first person I've ever encountered who was worried about the effects of shushing.
It still sounds rather unnecessary to me and it seems a bit much to believe that potty training can really be sped up significantly from this method, at least in the sense of the child independently going to the toilet, but I'm certainly no expert of infant psychology.
based on nothing.
Omfg. Holding you son over the toilet to pee is not potty trained. I can do that right now to my 6 month old. .I've heard of this meat his and its complete bullshit. Kids have NO control over their bladder or anus at such a young age. .It's bs that people are buying this. 
I don't think it's BS. My parents did this to all of their children since diapers were expensive and we were all potty trained by the time we were one. All of my relatives do something similar to this back in our home country since diapers aren't that affordable and their kids are potty trained between 8 months and 18 months.
Not bullshit, my grandmother, mother and Mother in Law all used this, everyone was out of nappy/diapers by 14 months.
That's not true at all. They cry when they have to pee. Whenever my son cried I would stick a boob in his mouth, if he pulled away I would take him pee. 9/10 times he would pee. Very easy.
I wish I could get a boob in my mouth every time I cried.
That would make funerals pretty awkward.

He put the boots on the wrong feet...cute.
Im actually disappointed that it took this far down the thread for someone to point it out! 
Same. It's still cute tho
Oh its super cute. Just the other day, I noticed my boy (not quite 2) squatting down, touching his feet. I finally looked closer an realized I had put his lil 'Cars' shoes on the wrong feet. I fixed it, but not before taking a pic for his mom to see
Lovely picture. I don't mean to be a debby downer, but does he need to be using a dummy? He seems like a sensible lad, so I presume it wont be too much of a bother for you. 
My thoughts exactly. It really annoys me when I see lazy parents giving a toddler a dummy. It can cause problems with their teeth/bite if they use it too much.
My son never used a pacifier. Not because I didn't try lol he just hated it. My daughters spent most nights of their early months with their grandma as I worked full time to support our family. My mom used it with them till they were over 8 months but it jut seems weird to me to see a kid with a pacifier over the age of 1. Not judging anyone. Just from personal experience it doesn't for the norms I'm used to. 
The reasons in the article you provided are good. I do hope that the parents of the child read it and consider what it says. Another reason why it's important to give up the pacifier is because using one keeps the child locked in the oral fixation phase. Sure not many people believe in Freud's theories but one can notice the change that a child has when given a pacifier. The child will act less mature and reduce the little speech that he or she has learned. Getting rid of the pacifier as soon as possible will help the child develop quicker and stronger. 
My parents never weaned me from a pacifier, ended up having it until middle school. I don't think it's that bad for him to keep it if he wants it. I had to wean myself in the end, which took some initiative, but it felt good deciding to change and carrying through with it. I know other kids sucked their thumbs until middle school as well. Not that it would be at all bad to take it away from him, but I don't know that it's necessary.
I had mine until I was about five. Both of my parents were professional thieves and IV drug addicts, and my home life was really stressful. Looking back I was clearly using it to relieve stress it was really the only stress relief I had. The only harm that ever came from it was when my mother tried to get me to stop using it by telling me that she was ashamed of me. Great parenting skills there. It just made me resolve to keep using it longer, damaged our relationship forever, raised my stress levels even higher, and left me with a very vivid memory that I still have to this day.
It might be fine with baby teeth, but there's a chance that long-term use of a dummy will warp adult teeth growth. .Also, he's at an age where he'll be starting to communicating, and I'm not sure inhibiting this is always the best idea.  .You're free to disagree with me of course, but I encourage you to check out the link I posted - it offers a balanced look at the issue. 
Professional thieves? As opposed to amateur thieves?
Yes, actually. That was their sole source of income, they worked at it, and they were very, very good. I remember one time my father went to buy a new car and wanted to pay with cash. The salesman asked his profession and my father told him he was a thief. This was in the 1960s and consumer credit was just becoming a big thing. Long story short, the salesman gave the car to my father in return for my father "obtaining" several expensive suits for the salesman. The salesman got a hell of a lot of expensive suits for the real cost of the car, my dad got the car, plus the salesman set things up so it looked like my dad paid for the car under a financing plan so my dad actually got a great credit rating out of it. So, yeah, there's a world of difference between professional thieves and amateurs. There's also a difference in the way "professional" IV drug users deal with their drugs, and amateurs. My dad stole his drugs directly from pharmacies, and never ever sold drugs. He also never shared his syringes, not even with my mom. The ballsiest/stupidest thing he ever did that I heard about was before I was born. He got arrested on some minor offense, non-drug and non-stealing related, and my mom went to go bail him out. On the way out of the police station in Oklahoma, they saw a display case with lots of pills on the wall, that the police used for training themselves and the community to identify drugs. My mom was sure the pills weren't real, but my dad thought they probably were. He stole the display case off the wall of the police station. They were real.
So when he's sleeping, and not talking, it won't matter. This is talking about the constant/frequent use that you often see with kids sporting them all the time. During nap time or bed time it makes little to no difference.
Woah dude, i'd like to hear more about that!
I've never heard it called a 'dummy'. Interesting slang, maybe I'll use it to get my friends to stop constantly shoving these things into their kid's mouths. 
My guess is that it's a britishism that's also been adopted in Australia (where I'm from). 
Can confirm...we use the term "dummy". Source: I'm British.
Not trying to be a douche, but your kid is too old for a pacifier if they're being potty trained. As a general rule, I think pacifiers are horrible though. 
Agreed.
Congrats, you succeeded at something you didn't try for!
I'm friends with two couples who have had children in the past year.  One couple's child will be a year next month.  The other couple is fostering two children who will both be one year within the next 2 month..All 3 children are never without a damn pacifier in their mouth.  I don't get it.  It just comes off as "wrong" to me.  Hell, I've even seen the pacifier come out, a bite of food taken, pacifier back in, repeat until food is gone.
Gynecologist monthly states that 9/10 sentences that begin with the phrase "Not trying to be a douche" go on to be very douchey. This example is not the exception.
Doesnt relate to the age of this child... but Pacifiers are wonderful and actually recommended to use in newborns until 6months of age to reduce the risk of SIDS
If you're breast feeding, and you are so compelled to utilize a 'dummy', AAP states parents should wait one month after birth to firmly establish breast feeding. .The reduction in frequency of SIDS does not offer the statistical strength I would deem necessary to influence my decision. Also, when considering the difficulty in breaking the habit, pacifier use is rarely followed to standard. In my personal and clinical judgement, pacifiers aren't so much developmentally useful, but a tool for parents to soothe children easily. 
What's wrong with parents soothing children easily?
Why is that parenting advice brings out the "NO, YOU HAVE TO DO IT LIKE THIS" in everyone? OP seems to be doing a fine job raising their kid.
Thanks Anders. I just don't get it.
Because it is lazy and irresponsible. It can cause problems with their teeth.
ITT: people who compare kids and parenting. Never do this. .The post is definitely aww-material. Leave the parenting advise out of this.
I'm working on potty training my son.  I'm only in this thread for the advice.  
You sound American.
I don't know what to feel about that.
It's not a compliment, so hoseja probably expects you to feel insulted.
In that case I am filled with rage! 
Thanks a lot for all the feedback.  I appreciate it..Responding to a few of the assumptions made here:
He's completely adorable and you should . the comments in this thread. No kid goes to college with a binky or a diaper. :).Everyone's a parenting expert - especially all the 20-somethings who don't have kids yet. 
The only thing I could think of is him pee'ing and the boots filling up...
This happened to my daughters sneakers...
*squelch*
Nah, notice how he tucked his pants into the boots. Really limits the amount of risk. It's the same strategy I use.
Right?  He only . the boots are a good idea.
"peeing". Christ, why do people throw apostrophes around so randomly?
Oh no, a spelling mistake on the internet. 
I don't know anything about kids, so sorry if this is rude: is this the average size when kids start taking care of themselves in the bathroom?
any place from 2 to 4 is basically normal.
Preschool teacher here. We start potty-training our children when they are 2, some get it right off the bat and others we work with for the year, but all children are potty-trained by the age of 3
We a pretty tolerant in America. That's okay, because kids are better off when you don't make a big deal out of it. 
Ah yes, good old 'Murica, not judging infants...
Except in Texas where they are tried as adults.
And pass through metal detectors at school.
Boys are generally about 6 months older than girls when it comes to potty training. My son is 19m, and though we're starting with some casual sits on the potty, I know its going to be quite some time before he gets it. And thats ok :)
Every kid is different. My daughter started at 2 years, 3 months. She is now 2 years, 6 months and still leaks every now and again.
My 1st one figured it out not long after 2yo. My 2nd one is barely over 18months and already showing potential. I am a happy dad.
Pull Ups can also be used in case of accidents when potty training.
The average is too late, IMHO.  I think you should start around 9 months.  Just sit them on the pot and read them a story, praise them when they happen to go.  Reading up on "elimination communication" like they do in China is helpful too.
I don't understand why you're being downvoted when another post saying something similar about elimination communication got upvoted. 
People are probably objecting to starting at 9 mos., but that's what I did with my kid and so far it's worked.  She's 14 months now and she has been telling me when she has to poop for months, and a pack of diapers lasts a lot longer since she pees in the toilet half the time.
I believe the average age of potty training in america is 3 years old. I used "oh crap potty training" book and my non verbal daughter was potty trained at 18 months, and we likely could have done it at 12 months but we dragged it out hoping she'd soon start talking (still isn't talking a year and a half later!) We used cloth diapers so that was a huge motivator to get it done. Before disposable diapers were popular in the US, the average age was 18 months. I potty trained all my other disposable-wearing foster kids the between 1 1/2 and 2 years, but they all spoke so it was easier, no book was needed. 
If she still isn't talking at 3 years, you may want to check with your pediatrician... 
I realize it's slightly too late for your daughter, but if you have another child, start them with baby sign language, we did that with my youngest brother and he was communicating (very basically) with us before he could even sit up on his own.
Thanks for the advice, but it isn't some mystery for us, she has a neurological problem and thus a great many specialists dealing with her issues. .As for any one else reading this, imo 3 would be a bit late in the game to think about getting help. 18 months is a good marker, some people push it and wait until 2 (with mixed results), and 3 isn't "too late" or anything, delaying assessment might only serve to exacerbate the problem. .If you live in Canada like I do, also consider that there is a roughly 8 month waitlist on speech therapy services..I've also read in forums that in various states, possibly Canada as well, after age 3 your child will have aged-out of the early intervention programs and they might not qualify for free services. I'm not an expert on that since my kid is still young, but I've heard of it from other parents. 
Good to know. I figured there was something there, but just on the off chance you weren't on top of it, I figured it was worth it. Good luck with the therapy!
Indeed, thanks! 
The average age of potty training in the US is anywhere from age 18 months to 3 years, depending on the child's development. No age is better or worse than the other, you just need to do it as soon as the child is ready..I can't believe the waitlist for speech therapy services is so long!! Is this through the private sector? In most states children do not age out of free speech therapy through their school district. Nearly every school district has several speech and language pathologists that provide free speech and hearing services all through school, until they either no longer need the services or graduate.
The wait list where I live is through the universal governmental healthcare. If you have money to pay for it privately, there is no wait (but it's $90/hr including their travel time). Canada is somewhat notorious for long wait lists for certain services. .Good to hear in the states kids can't age out of the system, maybe it happens in Canada? I moved here recently from the states so sometimes I get things mixed up :P 
I've babysat a two year old who was completely toilet trained. It just depends on the kid and the parent. Boys tend to be older than girls. 
My siblings and I were toilet trained by 1. At that time it was probably frowned upon to have children too much older than that still in nappies though, so partly motivated by societal expectation. .Plus cloth nappies weren't as easy to deal with as disposables. 
Actually, ..
Since I don't really feel like reading that whole thing, mind giving me a direct quote? From what I can see, it looks like that article is only talking about life expectancy, not potty training age. 
It looks like you were talking only about life expectancy, if you just read the last sentence of your post.
Maybe, but the conversation is about potty training. 
Maybe, but looking at these latest five posts the conversation seems to be about life expectancy.
Because you steered it in that direction? He was clearly, in context, still talking about the age that boys vs girls will generally potty train. .Beyond that, you said "Well hurr, if you read the last sentence in your post", well no shit, Mrs. Fox News Journalist, if you snipe out a single sentence out of context, you can take it to mean anything you'd like! .No one is attacking your gender, we're only saying girls tend to learn potty training at a younger age, whereas, boys tend to be older than girls before they learn to use the potty.
Thank you, my friend. :) 
Maybe.
He is a  very tall 3 year old (37 months). I understand this is an average time, or perhaps a bit early for boys, to get rid if diapers. He gets the pacifier only when he sleeps. I know many parents don't agree with them. It certainly helped us keeping our 2 infants calm and quiet and generally keeping our sanity over the last 3 years.  
That's fair enough. i think it's a bit later when it's an issue, mostly for teeth development.
This is adorable.  Everyone giving their opinion in this thread as to your parenting skills are about as qualified as someone using webmd and calling themselves a doctor. 
My daughter was bigger - 3.5 years. I tried encouraging her from 2 but she wasn't interested and when I pushed her she got upset. I figured she'd do it in her own time. By 3.5 I filled her up with water and held her down, screaming, on the potty. The wee mostly sprayed over me, but she realised it wasn't that hard/scary and didn't have a problem from then on..In short, some kids learn really early, some really late..Edit: Also, just because they can do it in the potty or toilet, you generally still have to help them for a while. Getting on and off the toilet is hard when you're small, as is wiping. Generally you lose all your dignity giving birth, so dealing with toddler wee and poo is nothing :P
Parenthood sounds amazing.
aaaaaand nope.
[deleted]
the lesson you learned here, after 18 months apparently, is that forcing a stubborn child to do things is a-ok
I have a 1.5yr old and while we're not at the potty training stage yet, i can confirm that, sometimes, you gotta do what you gotta do.
I'm not sure I understand you. Get mean? 
oh no not at all. I'm pretty sure from an outside perspective it seems like she was torturing her daughter, but there are some instances where you just have to do what you have to do. we had to take my daughter in for her shots at 12 months, and by then, she wasn't taking any shit from anyone. She's a kicker and a screamer. We tried distracting her, calming her, she didn't want it. So there I sat, pinning her leg to the table while her dad held her torso, so this nurse could give her her shots. It sucked, and I hated it, and I felt like the worst mother in the world, but after it was all over I scooped her up and hugged her and kissed her and she was fine in about 5 seconds. As it turned out, she just didn't like not being allowed to move, but you can't exactly tell a one-year-old "Hey, if you move your leg that needle is going to go right through it!"  .We went for ice cream after. Probably not the best way to parent, but it worked. And for the record, other than hating check-ups, my daughter is one of the happiest, friendliest kids you'll ever meet :)
That's different. Force is indicated for shots. I avoided all that by making my partner take babies in for shots. Shots aren't toilet training. Toilet training is a meeting of the minds, not a shame, force, punishment thing. Once they get it, it's instant. There is sometimes a lot of preparation and care needed. Every kid has a different key to growth in bodily control. Screw it up, you pay for a long time. Remember the "Uritone" from the fifties? The wetness of urine completed a circuit that made a loud bell ring when the kids slept, and woke them up to say, you wet the bed? Some of those kids, boys mostly, were only sexually aroused by a bell ringing. I have no source. ( So, fuck off people.)
oh wow. well, I guess i'm not saying that it's really OK for hold a kid down on a toilet, but just generally explaining it away with a vague statement lol. I mean, I don't think it traumatized the kid because she's using the toilet now and isn't scared of it anymore. My daughter was terrified of my mom's dog the first time they met (she was a big baby doll) so I held kiddo's hand out to her, and when she sniffed her and came up to lick her face they were instantly pals. And making your partner go alone?! That is totally cheating. I think I've heard about the uritone thing before. From my mom, I think. 
I like talking to you. I think we could agree on many things. Dogs really are dangerous. Pee isn't. I just get a really bad vibe from OP forcing water on the child and holding her down until she sprays everywhere. Fuck that bitch. Who knows what the child took away from that?
Since you apparently are a child, when are you going to learn how to wee wee on your own? 
well my mom's dog wasn't dangerous. Big ol' baby from day one. Believe me, i wouldn't let my kiddo anywhere near anything i wasn't sure about! It sucked when she passed away, my daughter lost her best friend. I'm really glad they got to meet though. And as for the peeing, i can't really say. I, at one point, had to hose my daughter off in the shower because she poo'd right out the back of her diaper and up her back and i was too exhausted to sit there and wipe it all up before giving her a bath. Took the lazy road. On the upside though, I think she might really be okay with showers when she gets a little older. 
Probably "guess I can't just piss myself any more." 

Wait, you're judging someone you've never met for making a tough parenting choice, but you won't even shoulder the responsibility of taking your kid in for shots? Are you absolutely certain you have the moral high ground? .Also, you have no idea how much of a creep I felt like googling "bedwetting alarm side effects arousal" and variations thereupon. I couldn't find anything though. Uritone seems to be some sort of drug. 
As mean as it sounds from that guy, it's pretty embarrassing when you let your non-potty trained child go to something like school or camp. Parents need to not be afraid to get tough from time to time if your child . to learn a socially important behavior. Of course, I'm not saying there isn't a line..I used to be a camp counselor for 4 and 5 year olds, and it ain't pretty. One kid pooped in his pants a couple times per week. 
There was something wrong with that child that messed his pants at camp. He should have been sent home. Potty training is like family magic. I have seen it happen because of an anticipated visit with a beloved grandfather. I have seen it happen because a child had a book about it he liked. I have seen it happen because a small bench was placed in front of the toilet. It has to be done with respect and understanding. Kids know what's right about dirty pants, but it's some kind of love that gets the child to do it. Never shame or force. 
I mean, the kid got it right most of the time. Just sometimes, I dunno, man. I could never stay mad at any of them because, well, they're five..Edit: The kid clearly . it was wrong to poop in his pants, because as soon as it happened he'd actually pull me aside and let me know what was wrong. Anyway, I've looong since moved on from that stress.
Oh, wow! For some reason, I had always thought kids learned waaaaaay younger. Obviously, they have to be big enough to even reach the toilet to accomplish potty training. Moms have so much patience!
Depends on your family.  Mine potty trains at 1.  No pull-ups, my Mom let you choose your absolute favorite pair of cotton underwear, lion king, and put you right in those.  You stop peeing on yourself real quick when its running down your leg and getting on you favorite undies.  .Ask your parents when you potty trained as a referent point for future kids.
My niece and nephew learned around the same time. She was probably around one and a half, and he was two and a half. It's not instant either, they both still wore diapers to need for a long time after starting potty training, and even now when my nephew is almost six we still get about one accident every month or two.
I didn't take care of myself till I was 4.5 yrs. I still remember to this day...
I still don't take care of myself.. :(
my son is turning two in 4 days (rock on) and is starting to potty train himself. He'll tell us "pee", sometimes grab our hand, and head off to the bathroom..He gets claps and high fives, and he gets to flush the toilet. so he gets super excited about it. He probably won't be able to go without a diaper for another year though, but there are some days when he's had a dry diaper from about 2pm to bed time..every kid is different.
we got  maybe 3-4 gummy bears. I distinctly remember sneaking into the top cupboard where they put them to steal them (from my younger brother) because we rarely had candy around the house.
My first one was closer to 24 months and my second child is only now starting closer to 3 years.
my wife and I actually just took our daughters diapers off.  we have a child potty in the living room and the bathroom. she learned within 2 weeks how to go by yourself but she still needs help sometimes.  she's a little over too so you never know when a kid is going to learn
...two?
was on phone.
Thank you- I was really worried.
haha
So do dads!
Glad someone said that
I was trained on a small potty. Not sure if that's standard practice though.
My mom potty trained me and my sister with those small white pottys.  She would sit us on it in front of the tv and we could not move till we went.
I was too, but a lot of people apparently don't realize that those exist.
People do realize those exist. Once you train your child to go on the little potty you then have the challenge of training them again to go on the regular potty and while that may not sound hard, it can be for a small child who doesn't like change.
They're called toidies, according to the ..
"Toidi" is idiot spelled backwards.
Relevant username, redditor since:2013-06-28 (17 days). 
Just go home.
Some do, some don't. They all get there in the end :)
Yeah. When I was about 2 my mom took my diaper off and told me what I should do. It took me one time of looking down and seeing pee run down my leg to start using the potty..But my brother wasn't fully trained until he was 4 1/2. .Its different for every child. 
Has no one else noticed the pacifier? Seems like that habit should have been kicked already, then potty training. 
When I was in Europe last year I was surprised by how many older children (4,5 & 6 even) were still using pacifiers. And they all seem like well cared for children with attentive mothers. I think the norm may just be different depending were you live. .As for me, my 2 year old is almost potty trained (diapers still to sleep and long outings) but she still uses a paci at bedtime. I know, I KNOW. We're working on it.... 
I think it's supposed to be bad for teeth development past a certain age.
Sigh. Yup. So I worked in a kiosk in Germany during my Uni years in my early 20s. There was one mother who would wheel her 3 year old kid in on the stroller every day, buy a bunch of beers, stick a pacifier in the girl's mouth, and head out to the others standing in the park and drinking. She would continue this until late in the evening, 10 or so, the girl would spend most of the time sleeping in the pram. When the girl did try to talk, she would talk around the pacifier, and I was generally one of the few people who made a genuine effort to understand what she was saying..One of the more tragic things I've ever seen alcohol do to a family.
Dummies are fine
Whuh? You got that from my picture? 
Yep, pacifiers should be gone at about three months.
I was at a mall a few years ago and saw what looked to be a 9 year old sitting in a stroller with a pacifier still in her mouth. It was the weirdest thing. 
Ok, have fun with that when you have kids. The 5 month old I nanny hasn't even figured out how to keep the paci in her mouth yet.
Actually I have a 5 yr old daughter. 3 Months and she was done with it. So... I don't know what you are doing wrong.
They may have been developmentally delayed or something.
You should have been gone before 3 months if you know what I mean. .(I mean an abortion)
Why, because I actually parent my child? I hope you get stung by bees.
Only a complete fucking moron would think a child has outgrown a pacifier at 3 months. I hope you get AIDS!
Most pediatricians recommend weening off it starting at 12 months, but that is only because this is when speech development really hits off. If it is just something for sleeping it matters nil, and pediatricians still say it is fine up until about preschool age.
That's completely made up information.
Well this is what our pediatrician said. Also we had our daughter in Germany,where ideas about how much parents should indulge children are very different than here in The U.S.  
I doubt your pediatrician had an actual degree then. You can't put them ON a pacifier until one month (maybe he was suggesting three, which would make more sense, putting on at three not taking off). Then they have to adapt to it, so basically you're getting 2 weeks of actual pacifier time..You will never find a scientific source to back up what you said.
You're shoulding all over him.
[deleted]
Also ok if you are a 
Clean up your act, slob!
I wasnt impressed til you said swears in korean....bird is awesome!
I'm in bed feeling really sick but I woke up to Berite Wooster watching me intently from the pillow beside me. Think I'm starting to feel better already :-) 
Spider 5 has the fanciest of hats.
For the record, their names are Francis, Irving and Elliot. According to the post on Facebook, Francis cried when the kitten ran away for a bit. Aw. 
And the llama fell with the cat... Still a better love story than twilight.
I'd have to guess that replacing the 2 leads in Twilight with the llama and the kitten would have made it a substantially better film. I'm also a little intrigued by the idea of a werellama but llama as vampire really doesn't work at all.
Like there wasn't enough kiddy spittle in the store anyways.

back up a sec.why do they have llamas? 
Why not? Visitors can see them from almost anywhere in the toy store which sits on a lot of land, and I believe they also bring them on walks through the store once a day. 
Because it is a toy store..and they are llamas 
"What is this little creature?" "I don't know but we should take it home with us."
It's not just a toy store, though! It's kind of Willy Wonka-esque with candy, fudge, a carousel, mini golf, book store, "curiousity shoppe" and much more. So...llamas just kind of fit in. 
You should cross post this on r/corgi also!
Glad you think so :) looks like I should have posted this picture to Reddit instead of the Corgi Cuteness Facebook page. He's a great puppy!
What a loving dog!
Can I have your life? 
Find animal rescues in your area, and you can.
Thank you for doing so much for all these lovely doggies!
these are some beautiful dogs, i couldnt give them up! 
Those are some beautiful faces. Some of them look so surprised that someone is being kind to them. Awesome for you to do this.
Several of them were. We've had several mill dogs that had never known a kind touch or a nice bed and food. It was heartbreaking but very rewarding at the same time. Every one of them turned into a fine family member for someone.
The first picture of the tiny Yorkie is the one who started it all. He is our permanent dog now (the other is the black and white dog that appears in several other pictures)..Edit: All of these dogs have been adopted and are doing very well with their new families. Lena, the GSD, even went through certification and is now a service dog for a disabled vet in North Carolina.
What a silly name. You're going to have to yell that out at the park fairly often.
I live in Switzerland and here we dont speak English :P
I called him "Frog" beacause when he was little, he slept in the water bowl...
Or a sensei..
Or fighting the sleep monsters.
I think you mean aderpable. Gotta love that face!
The look of fear on the small dog is definitely warranted.
Jizz hehehe
He loves to hump toys
He looks like my Guinness. But Guinness has one flop ear. How cute!!!
You only think you adopted her, hate to break it to you but you were merely the go-between your dog & its new pet cat. Btw CUTE!
Going to try and upload my other dogs with her. They are her protectors and stick by her side always.  It cracked me up that first day when she brought her the ball. That is her favorite toy and she just brought it to her and went to sleep right next to her.  The kitten came from a pretty bad place so I am glad she is comfortable with my critters.  
What a great attack!
This is a fantasy of mine... Daily
cuteness aside, how are the goggles helping her?
They did a laser treatment on her neck 
I don't know how goggles help her neck, but she is too cute!  Stylin'!
Bucky!
Best home defense ever.
Why can't I hold all these badgers?!?!?!


raddish.. RADDISH... wait that's not right...
I made that into a screensaver which I put randomly on computers, it even comes with the sound.

Ahhhh PLANE....It's a PLAAAANE!!!.Wait, still not it...
I love troublemakers
Everybody knows you never go full derp. 
He's totally the new Michael Flatley!
Your friend is cute! :D
I think that cats can tell when people don't want to be near them, and they get close on purpose. I have a friend who is allergic to cats, and anywhere we go with cats they go right to him.
He is cute
If he likes cats, Burmese are really great for people that are allergic to cats, I am and have 2 Burmese kittens and 1 domestic tabby.  Can tolerate the kittens without any reaction at all:)
Thank you!
I hate folding clothes and would LOVE an excuse this good for getting out of the job.
Watch his paws. Sometimes they get litter stuck to their paws and lick it off. Its pretty bad for them to have clay in their bellies. 
Yeah, we would pick them up and make sure they didn't have any between their paws. The momma ran off so we had to keep an extra close eye on them, especially when it came to hygiene. 
Oh my god I want him
The box is too big. Pick him up OP!
I did!! i just couldn't resist picking him up and giving the little guy a good cuddle after that
Oh my goodness wook at dat widdle face...
Hug of death! Aww!
right meow
Did your guy mess up bad on the game?
Your daughter seems quite displeased whereas kitty has even surpassed a facepalm.
No kid is ever cute crying, but you can tell it's that sweet baby scream that'll pass & she'll be back to making your heart smile in no time :) btw your kitty is cute too, looks like me when I have a headache
Whichever one you had first should be allowed to stay... the other should be rehomed immediately.
your daughter and your kitty is so cute ..
Why?
Because screaming ugly babies and highly sensitive kitty ears don't mix. Also the inevitable tail pulling and victim blaming is a forgone conclusion.
Why thank you! She'll sit on the floor and pet him for extended periods of time. He absolutely loves it. They're fairly inseparable. It's amazing. 
Believe it or not, I'm not the first person to have a child and a cat. I think we'll be just fine. They love each other. This is just kind of how my cat sleeps. I thought it was a funny perspective, but I guess not, as I'm being told my daughter is ugly. 
Won't be the last time. Stick with the cat.
Eh, I think I'll avoid taking advice from someone who is anonymously criticizing my 9-month-old infant..
To me that really seems like the kind of person that has more time than sense. 
I have a dog named duke that does the same thing wtf.
My dog does that too, except she is a female..
"Yes, yes I'll have two cubes of sugar in my tea today, thank you good sir." 
Duke would like ., friends dog I dog sit for every chance I get

This picture is absolutely wonderful, you just made my day. Thanks man =D
My cat does this all the time!

 
dying
Horse: "rofl"!
Please tell us the joke you shared with your horse so we can all laugh like that!
He's beating down a shark obviously. 
Lick that immediately! 
I saved one like that as well yesterday in Austin Texas. I have it in a bowl next to my garbage can to help me with some fruit flies ><
I see those a lot @ my husbands work. he works @ a pizza place and they always come in the backdoor. I told him to bring one home..
I believe it's a Coqui frog.
How do you even take that ring off?
Now clap!
Watch out! You're going to step on that karma! Err...frog!
Too cute!(:
If you like I can post a picture of the wart he gave me on that same hand.
If the wart isn't on your tongue then you've missed a wonderful opportunity.
I'll have to remember your advice next time I want to come out of the closet with a handsome prince.
I saw that wart but thought maybe it was pre-frog! :p
Everybody's always saving a little guy from sonething
His cousins are living in my lawn an hop out of the way when i mow. 
So cute!
I thought that was a myth!? After you got the wart, did you kill it
I freaking love frogs! I almost want to create a throwaway just to upvote again. 
Someone should buy you a steak dinner and some chicken wings for your outstanding kindness and respect for animal life!
What is this? A frog for ants??
This is the funniest thing I've read all day. Thank you.
is that a small cherry eye on his right eye? 
I'm not sure. I've asked the vet about it and he told me not to worry unless it gets bigger. It's been the same size for years.
 has one too.  Thought about surgery, but there is chance it could come back.  It doesn't bother him, and I keep it clean so it doesn't really affect him.

Thats what the vet told me. It was $800 to have it removed, which i dont mind, but he saud there was a good chance that it would grow back.
Haha cute mangy fur 
Say Hi to Jewels!
Let me guess..the bathroom??
nah, my room. Though she does the same when im in there too.
I found if i leave my door open, no cats. Close any door, cats!
I did this to my cat once.  It was painful.
Must....not...cry... Damnit..
Better yet, look at that ballet ass sign in the background. 
Why does there have to be a . courtesy phone?.Also, congrats on him getting home safely.
Is anyone else bothered that they managed to get that huge a dog into an airport by simply slipping a service animal harness on it? I highly doubt this guy is seeing impaired and he obviously isnt paralyzed. .There is no way a real service dog would jump on ANYONE, regardless of how happy it is to see them..There are good reasons why they don't let animals in places like this...

Hmmmmm. Can't tell if dog is happy to see him or attacking him.
Well, that's just wrong....Where did the place the the Black Courtesy Phone?
[deleted]
I wouldn't consider myself military gung-ho or whatnot, I'm a democrat whose never been in the military and I don't support the conflict in the middle east (I actually am middle eastern, not from a country currently involved in the war though) but to call "that man" a murderer is simply wrong. Terrible things happen in war and the US is certainly responsible for waaaay more than a few atrocious acts but you are being very unreasonable and extremely distasteful. Sure, being in the military he has been trained how to fight and kill other people but he is not a murderer, he is simply a man doing what he knows to be his duty just as the taliban man is doing his, that being said the taliban practice and impose an extremely oppressive and tyrannical way of life on their countrymen (Not saying that America: World Police should be there serving American justice just clarifying that they are not a decent bunch). The 'awww' aspect comes from him being a part of a family that has been without him until now, sure there are plenty of families worldwide that will never have their father figure return home and that's a horrible truth, but for this family he did. You may not agree with this and thats fine, but don't be a fucking asshole and call him a murderer. 
I'm not sure why I read through that.. but all I'll say is to imagine if your grandpa mentioned the time he killed a person in war. Sorry but somehow I don't think the next time you visited him you'd greet him with "Hey, Grandpa Murderer!" Also he was working in deconstruction during his deployment.

White courtesy phone sign seems like its unknowingly racist
I noticed that too, wtf is a White Courtesy Phone? Do they have a Black Inconvenient Phone? Racists!
Why the bitch is this on the front page? Am I the only one that thinks dogs aren't cute or capable of having real emotion? If this gets downvoted I'll shut up; my dick is off for Michael Chik if this gets one more D-vote.
leave reddit alone, love everybody.
[deleted]
Fuck off
Nose to the eye. nose to the ear.
I'm going to add something to your post. A lot of those in the service don't necessarily agree with where they fight. However, as long as it's not unlawful, they're bound by oath to serve, and the majority of them try to make a positive impact where they can. Obviously, there's exceptions to that rule, but I think we all know "that guy" in any line of work. Some serve for job security, some serve for education, but a lot serve so the public can continue to live their over-privileged lives in peace, should anything threaten it. Almost every person I know in the service has no interest in seeking applause for being in.
reddit is r/racist!
[deleted]
Yes, you're the only one that noticed the phone. That's why about half of the comments are some variation of "DAE notice da white phone? How racist!!!1"
Gahh so much wuvv from the service dog!!! Ahh man that just makes me all mooshy inside. I can't help it bro. 
He got a giant gift box of candy?
Love, actually, . all around us. 
Honestly expected to see a picture of him being frisked by the TSA
Brought mine, she is a SD, and yes TSA frisked her
thank you for your service dog
"White courtesy phone" in the background. Is this an airport from the 1940s
"Hey! It's that guy! I love that guy!" - Dog
Goobers are delicious.
Your stepdad looks short.
Whats up with the hot daddies on Reddit today?
awww!!! man's best friend!
Your dads a dog?
Is your stepdad the dog?
My husband is deployed. If he hugged a dog before me when he got back I might murder him. 
Haha its funny because of your name. :P
He listened to a knock knock joke from a service dog.  Big whoop.  
Is your step dad that short or do you have an extra large shepard?
You jelly he loves the dog more than you?
My friends dog does this when he goes out to take the trash to the bin.
Was he there on business?
The facial expressions of the people watching are priceless.
Where is the black courtesy phone located?
Pretty sure this was taken at the airport in Spokane.
He was brutally attacked?
Awwwwwwwe. Is he saying goodbye or hello to the Service dog?
Love this!
Didn't he have to get his luggage first?
I love watching YouTube videos of soldiers coming home to the most excited and frantic dogs. It's lovely.
Awesome. As the owner of a GSD, I understand the intensity of this pooch's greeting. 
I think everyone is reading way too much into this, lets just say its a dog being reunited with a family member and call it a day.  It's still kind of a cool pic whether or not if he's a service dog or not just remember your interaction with your pets when you left them for a long time and then come back to them. 
no puppy, stop humping daddy
The war ended in 2011. WTF was he doing there? Private contractor making 6 figures a year?
'The war ended in 2011'.And? WW2 ended in 1945 and we still have thousands of troops stationed in Germany and Japan. Korean War ended in 1953 and we still have over 30k troops stationed there. 
Based on this historical evidence, you can expect all US troops out of Iraq somewhere around 60-68+ years from now, maybe +/- 30 years either way. 
Actually, all U.S. troops are out of Iraq. So the douchebag in OP's picture is a private contractor making tons of money. No sympathy here for his time away from family. He also has a thick haircut and goatee. He's not military, and probably didn't serve in the military during the Iraqi war.
Aside from the awesomeness of the subject of this picture, looking at the people naturally standing around in the background really makes me aware of my bad posture..Edit:
Congratulations, by the way, on your stepdad's return!
What, no gif? That tail is moving at least the speed of light.
OP first off welcome your dad home for me. I must ask though, why is it a service dog? 
It's in service of karma
Shout out to the canine users of Reddit. .That looks like a nice man hugging your step father and giving him attention.
Nut roll.
you are doing a disservice pretending that is a service dog.
All I can think is 'awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww'
You can tell how much a dog likes you or is excited by how much a dog wags it's tail. I don't mean speed but like how far the tail goes to each side.
Bless his heart. "The dog's or the man's?" Bless or love them all. Thanks.
Hey baby, you been forgetting to wax while I've been away?
TSA prohibits non-ticketed passengers in secure areas such as arrival gates in nearly all cases. 
Conclusion: Fake story
This isn't at an arrival gate. You can see a baggage carousel in the back, which would indicate this is baggage pickup, a place where non-ticketed people can be 
Man's best friend
Feels _
He got humped by a service dog?
If any Caucasians need to use a phone, they got you covered in the upper left-hand portion of the photo....
Your step dad is cute and I'd take his anal virginity right there in the airport if I had the chance. 
Dat GSD. 
What was he doing there?  All US troops pulled out almost two years ago
Isn't it great how pets just know their human? I have goose bumps all over my arms and legs!!! <3
"service dog"
I thought the Americans had already left Iraq.
I immediately recognized this airport as KGEG.
I love it when dogs try to hug their owners
you need to train your service dog better
Sir dont feed my dog
A dog ate him? That sucks!
Looks like a picture ive seen before except it said they said the dog was disguised as a service dog to get in.
onions everywhere
Is OP ever going to respond to this thread?
I could have sworn I've seen this image on Facebook years ago
my heart jumped in my throat a bit there. Beautifully breathtaking!
Where's the . courtesy phone? I thought it was seperate but .. Damn racist sons of bitches.
Welcome home!!
I hate cats
Photo bombed by Sarah Palin! (Lady in white over his right shoulder) 
Dogs. They know how to keep that kibble coming.
I hear Iraq is nice this time of year.
It actually is, especially Kurdistan.
Is anyone else noticing the man in the background who looks so pleased? 
Anybody else notice the racist courtesy phone?
Yes, you're the only one that noticed the phone. That's why about half of the comments are some variation of "DAE notice da white phone? How racist!!!1"
I thought the sign on the dog said 'Science dog'. RES ruined that brief, wonderful thought.
Highly disappointed in what the top comments are. Just saying. Sensitive subject: immature comment content. I'm all about humor (I think I'm a flippin comedian, myself) but....
Bashing need not comment. Just an honest opinion.
Drugs up the ass?
wipes tears away...omg
As being a veteran with a PTSD service dog (Belgian Malinois), I can assure you, the behavior shown in the picture would not happen. When the vest is on, it is all about the handler. For example, while working my dog will completely ignore my best friend (whom my dog loves dearly). At the point I take off her vest and tell her "go say hi", she becomes a regular dog and loves everyone. Vest on? Not so much. She is not a loving dog while working and would never jump on anyone to greet them. I'm thinking this is a comfort animal.  Don't mistake my intentions as to question validity of the dogs capabilities. I'm not. However, a dogs behavior like this in public while wearing the vest makes it difficult for someone like me when people are expecting to see a playful and friendly partner. It's simply not the case. Once the vest is removed, the friendliness and playfulness returns. 
Thanks for sharing your perspective, I learned something
Or maybe the vest was put on the dog so that it could be taken into the airport without question. At least that was my thought.
Why the fuck are Americans still in Iraq???
As a man who just had to put his 15 year old hound down this made me cry. I'll never get another hug when I come home. Forever Alone :'(
Looks like a well trained service dog
It looks like the dog is whispering something to your dad and your dad is listening and smiling :)
No comments by OP, check. Dude has out of regulation haircut and a 7 o'clock shadow, check. Fake story. 
Dude's a PMC contractor, check. 
What if the dog is indeed a service dog, but not for his father? It could be assisting someone else not visible in the picture. 
Good point. Way to be objective & see the other side of the argument
Drug dog?!
If a service dog is loosing his shit you know that feel is real.
if he's "loosing" his shit someone better be cleaning it up.
dogs are awesome. never seen a cat do this. don't think i ever will.
They let people who need a service dog into the army?
Why was this not filmed??
Has nobody commented on what looks to be three of the worst candies taped to that poster? 
Friends don't let friends skip leg day.
Impressed the dog didn't pee absolutely everywhere..Any time I visit home my dog pees uncontrollably upon seeing me. It's an experience I find heartwarming and jeanwarming at the same time.
You dont get off the plane in civilian clothes..Source: been twice
Dogs just have that unconditional love. I get this dance welcome from my rescue dog after just a short while apart. Neat picture - thanks for sharing.
all you have to do is buy a service dog vest off of eBay, and they can go anywhere!
What's with the dog propaganda spewed out by the Pentagon?
Bitches love your step-dad
[deleted]

Even still in a still photo you can tell the tail on the four legged friend is breaking the sound barrier as it wags.
Candy on a poster. Anyone noticed?
Yes. As soon as I saw it I didn't like the picture anymore. 
yes.  spent the entire time looking at this photo trying to figure out what that person behind them spelled out with candy bars.
I really want to know what the candy sign says!
is he from the USA? because last time I heard they withdrew every troop in december 2011 from iraq
I get where you're going, but there are still tons of private contractors over there.
Except the metric buttload of them at the enormous US embassy, and the ones acting as "advisors"...
He's probably a private contractor, which is why nobody is thanking him for his service either (though I hardly see the difference between pcs and volunteers).
The difference is the take home pay.
Your Stepdad is a service dog?
Welp, that didn't go as planned. 
Nice "service" dog, I approve!
probably one of those "emotional support" dogs that assholes have because they have a note from their doctor to take their dog everywhere
You don't even need a note from a doctor, you never have to provide proof to a business - only say 'this is a service dog' - they're actually not even allowed to ask for the purpose of the dog.
Emotional support and therapy dogs don't have public access rights
Or, ya know, PTSD... Which is obviously a problem which only bitches have.
*Only whiny bitches have. Shell-shocked veterans just bottled it up and let it kill them.
right, but at what point do your needs as a PTSD sufferer eclipse the rest of the population's health and safety?  .This person apaprently absolutely needs to travel with their dog, and their individual needs are more important than the rest of the passengers':
Someone really hates dogs. 
I do like dogs, I have a golden retriever.  But I'm aware that other people don't like dogs, so I don't take my dog on airplanes, to the airport, to restaurants or any other public place that's not suitable for pets.  Emotional support dog is a cop out for people to bring their pets everywhere.
Emotional support dogs aren't allowed in public
I've never really seen people take advantage of that. And I've lived in multiple cities and have worked in all sorts of hospitality fields. I've only brought my dog places where it's pet friendly, also because my dog is pretty calm and well behaved. 
Oh yeah, you should come to  LA - it's full of these types of people.  People who believe your rights end where their feelings begin. I forget the rest of the country is much more normal and sane.
You should probably move.
Ok reasonable answer. I now know where your hostility comes from. I lived there for a year back in 2006 for a job. Totally understand. Welp, have a good evening! Enjoy your beautiful weather. 
oh, the reddit switch-a-fuck-you.
Question, is he a private contractor? I know a lot of PMC troops are still there for peace keeping and such.
Not all "contractors" shoot shit.  Most of us are just guys doing a job away from home.  IE, IT contractors.
Yes, actually. Though thankfully he wasn't in as bad of a location this time. Or at least for a little over half of this time. He was handling old military bases and the goods left there.
But all of the "contractors" are contributing to colonialism and a fucked up state. 
You mean working on missions to support independent Iraqi courts, train Iraqi military on IT tools, or teach them how to manage logistics/supply?
Whatever you have to tell yourself to justify the invasion and occupation, sure.
I'm not justifying anything, just stating that there were some programs put in place after we blew the country to hell (dissolved the government, military) that were effective in rebuilding.  
It's great that we can help. .Let's just try not to change a peoples culture like we've done hundreds of times before. .Well, we already did that by killing people
Yeah I know, forgot that you guys were there too.
It does seem a little less poignant if the dude got back from the front lines of IT "uploading antivirus programs to a company's computers." 
This picture made me hug my dog, who was so repulsed by the sudden affection that she decided she'd rather go lay on the floor across the room. Now my feelings are hurt. Good job, OP.
If it makes you feel better my cat does the same thing. He gives me this wide-eyed stare of "What are you doing?" with his head pulled back before he tries to escape. Of course when he wants food he's affectionate.
That's right, you can't mess around with the established affective customs from your pets.
At least your step-dad came back my step-dad died. A grenade exploded and shrapnel got under his helmet. Enjoy your dad while you have him. You know the last time you will see him.
I'm sorry to hear that and I hope you don't feel bad about being downvoted. Something fishy has been going on lately in the comment section of these military related pics..
my dog does that when I come home from the mailbox
or bathroom 
No comments by OP? I smell bullshit.
OP's work hours are OP. :p
I agree.When OP doesn't show up in their own thread it's usually someone elses pic they're whoring for karma
Dude in the background is all MMMMYYYYEESSSSSS?

My cat doesn't hug me like that... he just throws up in my shoe. thinks its funny or something...
Disappear for a while, and he will still probably act like, "eh?"
It's to make sure you know he's angry about something.
He's probably angry because i didn't watch him eat his food. he always insists i follow him in there to watch.
Spray one of those anti-cat solutions on your shoes. Problem solved.
is this a real thing? how do i keep him from throwing up around the rest of the house. and finally, if i cover the floors with this spray, will my cat hover off the ground?
Apparently there is also a motion-activated version now. What more could you ask for?

thats WAY better than paying a homeless guy 27.99 to live in my house and spray my cat! Plus I live in NY. What's he gonna do with Euro's?!
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

My kitty hugs me like that! He also gives pats on my forehead occasionally. Mew mew.
o cute mine just tries to lick my arms and legs to death..  
Amy Bouzaglo?
What's going on here? Is your stepdad messing with someone's service dog? That's not cool. Did a service dog jump up on him? That's unusual. Did you put a service dog harness on your dog to get it into the airport? That's dishonest. 
Yep. Those are the only options.
Walrus... You're being a negative Nancy
Why would you put a service harness on a dog to get it into an airport? You can bring your dog to airports. You can bring your dog on the plane! Silly walruses, always such skeptical creatures.
Everybody put the beers away, dad's home. 
Oh stfu and enjoy the picture
No, this is a puppy happy to see his owner after a long time. He's normally a very quiet dog that just goes with anything, but he got a bit caught up in the moment when he realized all of his boredom waiting in the airport wasn't for nothing.
In all honesty, if you say a dog is a serive dog, even if it's not wearing a vest, a business cannot ask what the purpose of the dog is or for any documentation - it violates the Americans with Disablities act. According to the act, you CANNOT ask what the service dog's purpose is, but only 'is this a dog for a disability?'. As long as you say yes, you can bring a dog anywhere. .However, don't be an asshole and bring your dog places for fun. .Other FAQs regarding service dogs - 

Actually, according to the ADA, stores and businesses are allowed to ask you if the animal is a service dog and what he assists with. Your answer can be as vague as he is a medical alert dog or as specific as saying you have epilepsy & it alerts you to an upcoming seizure. They cannot ask you any further questions, though. 
No, stores can ask if it's a service dog only - NOT what it assists with. This would be violating ADA since you'd be asking what disability the individual is suffering from. 
Typically I get asked if my dog is a service animal to which I advise that he is. While technically that should be the end of it, it virtually never is. It usually is followed up by asking what he does, to which I explain he is trained as a medical alert dog. And then about 90% of the time that gets followed by "What's wrong with you?" I used to find that offensive but I just shrug it off these days. Between the ADA and HIPAA I should never have to divulge my private medical matters with anyone simply to shop in a store or eat in a restaurant. But employees aren't often trained for how to handle it, and walking around with a dog when there is nothing immediately apparent that can be identified as a disability throws people off. It's annoying, but not that big a deal. The biggest gripe I have is with people who let their kids run up and pet my dog. 
Well.... what . wrong with you?
Probably way more than my dog can fix. 
Not the kid's fault but the parents. I have a large DO NOT PET SERVICE DOG patch on my vest. People do anyway. Young children I understand, but blame the parents. In my state it is a crime to interfere with a service dog after being told not to.
Is it really unreasonable to think that a kid would want to pet an animal.  Not all parents are aware of rules about working dogs.  Is it not more reasonable for you to say to the kids, "please don't pet the dog, he/she is working right now?".I get the impression that your dog is well trained.  I wouldn't mind a service dog anywhere if I knew they behaved.  It's the "fake" dogs that have given everyone a bad impression.
In that case, something like 'She/he alerts in cases of acute onset of my medical condition' should suffice. People are dumb. 
Should, but often isn't. I've worked out "he is here to help make sure I stay on my feet, and to sound the alarm if I don't" and that seems to work. I think the assumption by those vaguely familiar is that I must suffer from some type of seizures. But usually after I say the above they don't press the issue. .Some places are real hesitant about dogs. I spend a lot of time coming in and out of the county jail (visiting clients not temporary residence) and establishing with the jail how bringing a dog in would work was interesting. To their credit we've worked it out pretty well, but it just isn't something most places have ever really considered. The only place that has ever insisted I leave because of my dog was a Moe's restaurant. There was no behavioral concern, just an assistant manager who refused to allow a dog inside unless I was blind. 
You know you could sue the ever living fuck out of that place, right? At least write a letter to corporate stating that you could. Please, for the sake of others (and for what's right) don't let that go!! 
We brought it to the manager's attention later that day and was assured that he would train his employees on the law allowing service animals. Went back a couple months later and there was no issue.  I had expected I'd get some sort of actual apology but he defended his assistant noting that I didn't appear disabled and didn't present a license saying I could have the dog. So we got to educate him that just cause things look good on the surface doesn't mean they are running smoothly under the hood, and that I'm not required to have a special license for my dog.  It just isn't something most people are familiar with, and the fact is that for a lot of people, myself included, there is no visible indication that suggests a disability (until something goes wrong at least) So the initial reaction is that it must be a pet, and pets aren't allowed places. 
I cannot understand how a manager would ever make that judgement. hmmm... I have no clue what the law is regarding this person claiming to be disabled sooooo I'll just outrightly prejudice against them due to their disability! With such awareness to legal aspects of disability, who would fuck around like that? I'm sorry people are ignorant, and as a parent of a type 1 diabetic, I'm waiting for the day someone says a word about my 2 year olds syringes or the like. I will straight murder someone. 
Somehow I'm guessing that awareness of the legal issues regarding disability law may not have been explored when determining whether to promote a kid to the position of assistant manager of a fast food Mexican restaurant. I'd bet turn over is pretty high and qualifications pretty low. .Hope you never run into trouble with your kid's needs. Avoid murder, but if you must, aim for Florida! 
I don't fault the kids for wanting to pet him. I fault the parents for letting their children run up to a stranger and an unknown dog. My dog is not going to bite or growl, but its not a good idea to mess with any animal you don't know, whether it is working or not.  I've had little kids (4-5 years old) come up from behind and hug my dog while their parents video it with their phones. That's never ok. .When I see kids approaching and they ask if they can touch him I am not the least bit annoyed. I appreciate that they ask. Unfortunately while he is on duty my dog can't be given praise or affection from anyone else, it distracts him from his job. Indy is trained to recognize that when he is wearing his vest he is "on" and when he isn't he is "off."  Even off he is still right next to me, but that is time he can play and be pet by other people. So if I have time I'm happy to take a minute so kids can pet him if they ask. It's the ones who just run up and grab him that bother me, and really it's their parents that drive me nuts. 
As an adult, I still do what my parents teached my about dogs: .If I see a dog (tied up outside a store or something) which I want to pet I walk up to it slowly (being sure that it sees me) and say "Hi" .. some back off, growl or bark them or are just obviously uncomfortable .. then I walk away. If they look interested, I offer them my hand to sniff on it .. not only because smell is the primary sense of dogs, but also because its a noncommittal question "do you want me to pet you?" .. some accept that, some are "I'm not interested how your hand smells .. at long it's petting me!" .. some are "hm, hi .. but leave me alone please" .. and I accept that. 
I had a Labrador retriever snap at me when I did that once.  It was in the back of an open SUV.  I decided to leave it alone.  It was probably protecting it's territory.
Yep .. that's why I'm careful. 
It could be that he trained the dog for a member of his family and/or was given permission to jump up..Also of note that some places have a very ... large leeway of what counts as a services dog, I remember reading for one place that a dog could be listed as a services for someone who use them for coping with depression or some form of mild mental disabilities. .A quick search at wikipedia: .It could be a hearing dog, in which case he may not be trained to avoid jumping up on users but only to nudge and pull on his/her user to attract attention for what is needed, which comes down to what the dog was trained for..So there's lots we don't know in this picture to give critics on the services dog reaction. Let go with the face value for now that the dog is really happy to see a friend. Take an optimistic view instead of a pessimistic one.
While the range of reasons for which an animal may be considered to be a "service" animal are fairly broad, the expectation is on the owner of the dog to have it trained to do something specific. Simply being a soft, happy, thing is not enough to be a service dog (although plenty of people like to pretend).  Unless the dog is getting the attention of his handler or for his handler it should not ever jump up on a person while working. Even if getting its handler's attention this would be an extreme means of doing so. I have had the benefit of a service dog for more than a decade. I've seen many many people slap vests on dogs and claim them to be "service dogs" to get into places they otherwise could not be. I suspect that may be the case here. If it is, that doesn't diminish the joy of being greeted by an old friend, and few things are as wonderful as the devotion of a dog. And that's really the point to the photo, and a positive thing. But, since it was raised that the dog might be in a costume as opposed to a uniform I would just ask that people remember that there are those of us who rely on our dogs as much as a person might rely on a wheel chair. If you bring your dog someplace you shouldn't and it misbehaves (which tends to happen if your dog hasn't been trained and conditioned) you make it much harder on those who legitimately need their dog. 
That's correct, his title I believe is "emotional support animal". Which is exactly what it sounds like, really.
The news did a story here in Florida. You pay 250 dollars for a certificate and a vest, it's pretty ridiculous. 
You don't need a certificate. Many organizations are out there to provide one as evidence of training or to offer the appearance of legitimacy, but the reality is that there is no certification standard, no license, and in reality no obligation a dog wear a vest identifying it as a service animal. Most service animals (Florida only recognizes dogs as service animals) wear vests because it makes it easier for the handler to avoid being stopped constantly and questioned about having the animal with him or her. The vest also helps deter people from petting the dog which should never be done while the dog is working. 
Oh, like PTSD dogs? That's actually pretty cool. I guess they would't need the rigorous training required for an assistance dog or the like.
No, the training was minimal. In fact I think the doctor paperwork side of it was the hard part. My stepdad has had him since he was a puppy, though, so all of the manners he usually exhibits are just from his upbringing.
This is beautiful, but when I opened the pic on my phone all I saw was a creepy dude under a sign that said, "White Courtesy Phone" and I thought, "That's racist! Where are they?"  .Sometimes I am not smart.
The other part to this that I suppose isn't as apparent as it was when we were there is that we (his 2 kids, father, wife and I) all made him colorful signs using different types of candy names throughout the message. So the guy under the sign wasn't the only one looking. :p We had several people come up and read them which was neat.
hashblackphonejusticequestionmarkspacedontleaveatip
I cant understand why the word white is there, why does anyone care what color the phone is
Same here:  "Where's the black courtesy phone?"
AFRICAN AMERICAN courtesy phone. 
It's so people can distinguish one from another.  For example, you'd hear an announcement over the PA: "Mr. Brown, please pick up the white courtesy phone.  Mr. Smith, please pick up the blue courtesy phone."
Why can't white and blue people use the same phones???
Oh thank you, now I understand, that is a little bit easier then saying the location of the phone over the PA
No, the white one

 
African-American Phone.
What kind of service dog is he/she if you don't mind me asking?
it's serving on propaganda pictures for the government.

As much as I enjoy speculation, I really wish the OP would answer your question.
maybe for PTSD
Doubtful. They don't just spring a service dog on you like that. There is acclimating. Assuming he does have PTSD, he wouldn't receive the dog like this.
If he had previously diagnosed PTSD, necessitating a service dog, he likely wouldn't be returning from another stint of active duty. 
Well, OP didn't say the dog belongs to them. 
Right, but he could be retired and contracting..And they DO reactivate soldiers with PTSD
My friend's husband was in the Army and after being diagnosed with PTSD, he was put on for another tour. It definitely happens.
I think the servicedog belongs to his wife or so
To be totally honest, I think this is most likely a family dog with a vest. Others, feel free to jump in, but even the behavior seen here seems somewhat unlikely for a service dog. 
This can be a comfort mechanism.  I have PTSD and my dog will jump up and hug me, just like this.  It is really comforting for me, though I know it is a bad habit.  .She isn't a service dog, so she will do it to other people, but she hasn't had her dew claws removed, and she weighs 90 lbs (.). 
Thank you for your honesty.
He's been through his training though I think the technical term for what he is now is different than what most service dogs do. I'm not 100% but I believe his title is "emotional support animal". He's basically just a big, happy safety blanket for my mother. If that comparison makes any sense.
I've never owned a dog so I find this very interesting. Is there something specific that this dog does that is different from a non-service animal? Is there anything you can share regarding how an animal is trained to be emotionally supportive?
So your mom bought a "service dog" jacket so she can take him everywhere..Should get one for mine.
The requirements are very similar to those that service dogs abide by, only with less "task-specific" training. Since he doesn't need to know how to guide anyone, or how to sniff bags. I can't remember the names of the 3 categories he had to pass off the top of my head but they were something along the lines of: commands, public response and tasks. They all felt like they were just "good dog checks", honestly..Commands was basically just a few basic movement orders, which we already had taught him. We used to raise German Shepards as K-9 units for a local PD when I was younger, so it's a habit. Public response was just how he deals with different situations, people, etc etc. Basically just making sure he was a friendly dog. Tasks was just seeing how he learned new things. Asking him to do general things he hadn't before, like being put on a little box was one thing I remember. .Sorry I can't be more specific, it was awhile ago and I just tagged along. It was a sort of analysis of him and less of a training.
Yes, this is a bullshit term used by most people to abuse laws regarding legitimate service animals in order to get around "no pets" policies. It's about as annoying as assholes that use their grandmother's handicap placard to park in handicap spaces. Your mother isn't blind to anything except her own sense of self-entitlement.
Abuse is a pretty relative term, as the few ruin privileges for the many. Laws aren't perfect, and the example you gave is an illegality, whereas this case is not. The accurate comparison to your scenario would be the grandmother parking with her handicap placard. As she was the person that right was issued to. Actually, to be fair, I've seen people with similar circumstances be asked to leave with their dog. Usually because the dog is a disturbance or is misbehaving. So there is still some control over the matter on the businesses' behalf. I know none of my family would refuse to leave if asked, which hasn't happened yet thankfully. .The only oddity to no-pet laws I've ever experienced was when I walked him downtown, stopped to eat somewhere and was invited to eat inside rather than the patio if the owner's kids could play with him. Doesn't mean anything to the law, but it did reassure me that he isn't THAT terrible of a dog. .Nobody likes that dog.
Yes, the vest is misleading, but even so -- if it is an ESA it is still allowed in the airport. So she's not breaking any law even if it is an ESA..The moment the ESA steps into a store outside the airport, though, that would be a violation of the law (misrepresenting an ESA as a SD)
I think you're missing the point. I'm not saying your mom is a liar or doesn't really have a medical condition that requires that dog but I'm skeptical of it.
I was under the impression that doctor prescribed ESA's are SD's or at least can be taken anywhere SD's can. Could someone clarify?
But how do you really feel about this? What makes it similar to using someones handicap placard? What if the owner is a recluse and is afraid of leaving the house for whatever outlandish reason, and the only way they are able to leave is to have this dog with them so they feel safe? I would think that this would be just as valid as a handicap placard wouldn't you? .Not everyone is abusing the system, so stop being so cynical.

I think PTSD soldiers get emotional support dogs more than often.
Probably the kind that anyone can make up, as touching as this is.
get a service dog and there will be a line of people ready to help you jerkoff after upvoting you;.get a handicapped placard for your new Mercedes and the same group will treat you like Frankenstein
i never understood that double standard. just because they're disabled, they can't be successful and afford nice things? it's ignorant to think that way.
This seems like the easiest issue in the world to solve. Create a system where the dogs need to be registered and issue licenses that say the dog is a service dog. Yes, it's added costs, but would mostly eliminate the problem. There can't be . many service dog trainers in the US, combine that with the fact that there's an intense amount of time spent with each animal, and you could take a picture of the dog and mail the paperwork to the DMV to create a service dog ID. No reason to buy new cardmakers or anything, just use different paper. Make the costs ten or twenty bucks to register, woopity doo..Or just don't cause it's probably not that much of a big deal. But they should really be issued . sort of identification that says they have a service animal, which would ., that doesn't include there disability. This is a non-problem if someone ever wanted to fix it, would just take implementation (tedious and complicated overall, but easily doable).
I looked on google and companies are charging $300 for a small vest and two plastic id cards with no training or registration, total value under $10.
There is an Id that shows your service dog is registered. There are registry databases and it is illegal to claim your dog is a service dog. Also even if you have a legit service dog it still must follow a specific set of rules and if it does not then you do not have the legal right to keep your dog where you are at the time. For example your service dog starts growling and barking in a restaurant or nips at someone. If you look on assistance dog international there are some states that have fines and jail time for misrepresenting a service dog. 
The registry databases are not government databases. They are private groups that offer registration and IDs largely to avoid issues with businesses not familiar with the laws. In some instances they are scams and plenty are used to create a fake claim of an animal's status. 
You're not the first one to think of it. The reason it hasn't happened yet is because it is logistically a nightmare.  No, there are not that many service dog trainers - but how would you weed out the scam/bad trainers from the good? Why, license them of course.  OK, so what are the criteria? Who gets to go out there and inspect them? How often? How much do you charge them? (Remember that most of those organizations run on donations. making them pay $$$ to be licensed will take away from their ability to actually serve people in need.)  The infrastructure is there, as you said, via the DMV; that's not really that big of a deal there.  It's everything else "under the hood."  That's why it hasn't happened yet.  Too expensive, too complicated, and not apparently-necessary enough to justify it yet.  (And yet the military budget... enough said.)
Honestly it really wouldn't bother me if there were, but the whole point of the ADA is to avoid places additional burdens on citizens with disabilities and treating them like anyone else. Service dogs are the equivalent of a wheel chair, you wouldn't demand every paraplegic register their chair and be listed in a database. .Most people don't fake it. Those that do either have dogs that behave well enough it doesn't ultimately matter, or they misbehave and the person faces a range of penalties. 
I once saw a "service" dog at Disneyland. It was a Chihuahua.
I worked at an amusement park, a lady had the nerve to claim a little rat sized dog she was pushing in a stroller was a service dog.
How did you know it didn't sniff out seizures or diabetes?.I know a lady who has a small dog service animal that sits in a basket on her walker. I know another that has a tiny poodle that sits in her lap as she strolls around in her wheelchair. Just because the disability isn't visible and the dog is not an "obvious" service dog breed doesn't make it fake..Technically, you're the one with the nerve to doubt her just because some rude folks ruined it for legitimately disabled folks by lying about their pets..Yeah, she could've still lied. But every attitude like this one ruins REAL disabled individuals (who DO often use small service dogs) lives. Imagine trying to live your life while people give you rude looks and comments because your lifesaving medical device happens to be a chihuahua.
A chihuahua is still a dog. It's just conveniently travel sized..The only reason you don't see more small-dog service dogs is because people like you like to put funny little quotes around "service dog" like you know it's fake just because of the breed. Thanks, Paris Hilton.
So what? Chihuahuas can be service dogs. 
It could have been for emotional support. While legitimately certified service dogs for emotional problems are kinda rare, they exist.
Emotional support and therapy dogs do NOT have public access rights.
There are psychiatric service dogs though. That means that they are trained to do specific work tasks for their handler. Psychiatric service dogs do have public access rights..An emotional support animal would just be a dog or cat someone has at home for comfort.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Agreed - the difference between "Emotional Support Animal" (untrained, no rights to access in public places) and "Service dog" (trained, right to be in public places) is TRAINING..A psychiatric service dog is TRAINED to mitigate a disability. An emotional support animal is not, but may alleviate a disability simply by being present.
Correct but then it is a SERVICE DOG. Not an ESA or a Therapy animal. The terms aren't interchangeable. 
I am aware, I actually want to train psychiatric service dogs for a living (hoping to get a degree in Cynology from a university that focuses on training all sorts of service dogs). I was just replying that because I don't believe the person above you knew the difference between service and ESA/therapy dogs. Just wanted to clarify that in case they see it.
There is no legitimate "certification" in the US. There are a lot of websites that provide tools to owners of service dogs that make their lives easier (badges, vests, certificates, etc) but none of that is required by the Americans with Disabilities Act..Small breeds can help with detection and alert of physical disabilities as well as provide support for PTSD. Emotional Support dogs don't have the same legal privileges of a service dog unless it's for PTSD. The ADA mandates rules for housing access to people with emotional support dogs but they don't have legal protection for bringing them into public spaces like a service dog does.
My mistake. Because a service dog was offered for me for my emotional problems, I thought it was a broad thing, but I'm diagnosed for PTSD.
I personally feel that emotional support dogs should be given public access as well. As long as they're well behaved then they're not hurting anyone.
His service was to get taco bell.
I want to live in a world where this is a thing....Taco Deficit is a serious problem!
You know that service dogs can be any breed, and for a plethora of conditions outside of being vision impaired, right?
My first thought when I saw the dog jumping on the guy was "No way this is a real service dog." They simply don't do that.
Nope they might at home playing but while they are working there are very specific rules they would have to follow if they were really accredited.
You do know that the dog is most likely not the step fathers, so he isn't in work mode with the step father.
Fakes service dogs are definitely a real problem..But that link is ironic, because Cesar Milan is also a fake.  His pack theories have been scientifically disproven, and his methods discredited.  You can make anything look good on TV, but when the Veterinarian Society of America puts out a PSA about the man, you know he's spreading damaging misinformation.
No they haven't? They are scientifically proven to WORK, it just isn't a "training" method per se and more of a way to handle animals, and you have to CONSTANTLY do it and we know of better way of both handling and training dogs..To say it is fake is disingenuous. The show is very misleading though.
Cesar Milan's methods have never been scientifically proven to work.  Quite the contrary.  Research has shown that his methods ineffective.  Researcher Ian Dunbar has written extensively on the topic..In fact, David Mech, the guy who coined the term 'alpha wolf' in the 1970s has stopped using the term because the concept has been disproven.  Wolf packs do not have a dominance-based hierarchy; they simply live in family units.  The myth of the alpha is the basis for Cesar's way, and it is false..Also, see below:. 
relatively. It does work though..Could you find an actual scientific source, not trying to be a jerk, Im just almost positive that while it is debated, absolutely nothing has been proven.
I also don't mean to come off as antagonistic, so my apologies if that's the case.  I just think it's important to increase awareness because Milan is causing serious problems for a generation of dog owners..I think the question makes more sense in the reverse, because it's difficult to prove a negative: Operant conditioning (i.e. behavioral reinforcement) has been scientifically proven to be effective, both for dogs and for humans.  There have been no modern studies showing Milan's methods to be effective.  .Researchers have disproven the underpinnings of Milan's entire approach.  Milan's beliefs about "the pack," about "alpha" roles, and about body language/communication.  Those have been entirely discredited.  One of the most famous and prolific researchers is Ian Dunbar.  He has various  books on the subject.   For papers, a good place to start is the The American Veterinary Society of Animal Behavior:.It's difficult to think that a method based entirely on flawed and disproven assumptions can be effective.  Many of his techniques undermine the trust between a dog and its human.  For example, many owners have been bitten while attempting his "alpha" rolls.  Current research shows that dog aggression is often based on fear.  So forcibly rolling a dog on its back while it is terrified doesn't show the dog who's the boss (as Milan believes).  It only serves to terrify the already scared dog, thereby undermining the trust with the dog.  
there are dogs trained to react to seizures that can be of all shapes and sizes. Also ones for anxiety disorders, sniffing out life threatening allergens, etc. Never judge a service dog by it's size.
As the owner of a Service Dog (German Shepherd), I second this. Many dog breeds, (even cats!), can be trained to detect early warning signs of diabetic issues, seizures, and many other health problems. There are even animals trained as 'comfort animals' that help those with PTSD or similar issues..Service Dogs aren't just for the blind.
Ah, so basically a dog.
oh trust me.  not all dogs are cut out to be support animals.  
Yup! A good dog, though, evidently.
Dogs are used fairly frequently for people who have severe anxiety disorders, which are often worst when out in crowded, hectic public places (like an airport, for instance). These dogs are trained to be aware of the signs that their owner is beginning to have a panic attack, and respond in a manner that will help the individual to deal with the attack without completely breaking down..Granted, Im sure some people abuse this just so they can get a pet they can take everywhere with them. But in many cases, this sort of service dog can be extremely beneficial to people who suffer from what could otherwise be a debilitating emotional disorder.
Well I think the real question is, if it's acceptable to have a service dog in an area, then it's obvious that the mere presence of a dog doesn't cause problems. Therefore you'd think it would be acceptable to have a dog there just because you wanted to bring your dog. .I think the real reason they say no dogs is because what they really want is no poorly trained dogs, and don't want to put up with explaining to some hambeast and her children why their yappy-ass terrier can't stay in the museum.
The difference is that if it IS an emotional support animal, its public access rights (by federal law) end at allowing them in housing and air transportation..SERVICE dogs actually are TRAINED to do either tasks or work that directly help the handler's disability. EMOTIONAL SUPPORT ANIMALS do not need to be trained, but may alleviate their handler's disability just by being present. (which is probably why this dog is jumping on someone out of excitement).Service dogs are allowed in all public places, including shops, housing, and airplanes. Emotional support animals are allowed in no-pets housing and airplanes only.
A dog that basically gets to go wherever his/her owners want to regardless of whether or not a place does not allow animals.
"MUH CUNDISHUN!"
Not really. The laws about service animals don't apply to emotional support animals.
True, I have an ESA as well, and while it is technically a service animal, it doesn't get classified as a "service animal"  so hotels, airports, or other places don't have to make special accommodations. To be classified as a service animal it would have to be trained to perform a specific act. (OP said it was through training so my guess is that while it is an ESA it also gets service dog rights since it has been trained to do something)
This dog is wearing a "Service Dog" sign, even as he jumps up on a person.

By 'gets to' you of course mean 'has been trained and certified to', of course.
The fact that it's a German Shepard lends validity to the idea that it's a service dog. "Fake" service dogs tend to be other breeds. Retrievers, poodles, German Shepard are all common service animals. I was greeted just like this by my mother's guide dog (yellow lab) at an airport. But more frequently than ever, rescue dogs of many/mixed breeds are being trained to serve the disabled.
While some service animals may be "fake", it's important to remember that someone's disability is not always visible/apparent. We also should not underestimate the value of dogs that comfort the mentally ill.
I often see an elderly lady riding one of those rascal scooters with a basket carrying a little poodle. It has a handmade sign that says "service animal". I have my doubts about its legitimacy, but the dog never stirs or barks, so it's entirely possible that it is a therapeutic dog or at least well-trained enough to accompany her in public places..TLDR: Sure there are cheats to every system, but we shouldn't question the legitimacy of this or other service dogs by default..Edit: the article you posted is good, and I agree that people caught gaming the system should be penalized.
A couple weeks ago I saw a Rottweiler that was a legitimate service dog. I will admit i did a double take when i first saw him.
while living in an apartment complex that did not allow dogs, state required them to allow service dogs.  now this could even be for emotional support... that is fine an dandy.  But one lady had a dog that would bark and chase/attack other dogs and bark at any people that happened to be around.  She would let it off leash and it would not listen to a single word she said about Come or Heel.  A total joke.  A true service dog is well trained and basically becomes invisible.  I am around service dogs all the time at work.
Service dogs can be "comfort" dogs. Like the little ones.
Comfort dogs would fall under the emotional support animal category. While this means that, for example, a landlord would be required to let the person with the ESA have the animal at a normally no-animals allowed apartment or waive an animal fee, ESAs are not allowed to be taken anywhere like a service dog would be..Service dogs are specifically classified as working dogs, and thus must be trained to do specific work tasks. There's a list somewhere, but a work task could be to help a handler with anxiety to deal with an anxiety attack or get someone's attention when their handler is having an anxiety attack.
Thank you :)
I had a neighbour who had a service dog to detect her child's seizures. He was profoundly developmentally delayed, had severe brain damage and heart defects (he was born with a rare genetic condition) and might have hundreds of seizures a day, any one of which could kill him.  He could not communicate in any way or even make eye contact. The dog was trained to lie down with the child whenever he started to seize, to both protect the child and to alert to seizures.  He wasn't trained in the same way a service dog for the blind, and should't be expected to behave the same way a guide dog does (and was a scruffy looking rescue who hated his harness), but he did keep that boy alive for a lot longer than he was expected to survive given his condition.  I tend to give people the benefit of the doubt.  Service animals are used in a lot more ways than most people realize
My understanding is that if it's a legitimate service dog, there are ways of tracking the whole certification down.
Service dogs are not the same as therapy dogs.  The dog must be trained to specifically do something which assists a person who suffers from a diagnosed condition. Merely being present and calm isn't enough. That said, there are service dogs for mental health disabilities that are trained to nuzzle, bump, lick, etc. when a person is having an episode of some kind, and that is definitely qualification as a service animal under the ADA. Therapy dogs are really not trained to do a particular thing so much as they are trained to be especially well behaved and calm. This is a tremendous thing in its own right and therapy dogs can really be an amazing influence on people, but usually they are benefitting someone other than their handler. 
There is no certification required by the Americans with Disabilities Act. A service dog requires no ID, no vest, no badge, no certificate. Websites that sell these are providing owners with tools that will give them more convenient access and less hassle from anyone uneducated in service dog legalities..It is not required to demonstrate it's trained duties. The only requirements when going to any public or private place is that they are house trained (and of course don't bite people). The only questions that can be asked of the owner/handler of a service dog are "Is that a service dog" and "what is it trained to do". Also you as a handler or owner are not required to answer any questions about your own health or why you need the dog..At least that's what I read on the ADA website.
Todd Akin would like a word with you.
Goddamnit how come no one gets Todd Akin/legitimate rape jokes anymore???
Accurate.  However, if you know what organization supposedly trained the dog, you might be able to contact them for verification.  Something like, "Did you train a dog named X, appears to be a retriever mix?"  When I had my service dog we had a driver's-license sized card with our pertinent information on it and a "for questions, call (organization)" on it.  
Completely accurate. 
Thanks for saying that. I have a painful chronic disease and when I get stressed or have a panic attack my pain can get bad enough to put me in the ER. I used my degree in neuropsych and knowledge of dog training to train a doxie into the best therapy dog ever. He hones in on me whenever I begin to become anxious and lays over me, rubs against me, gets me to play... often he'll predict one before it fully appears. Does whatever he can to get me to sit and calm down..Next dog we'll be getting for training is a labradoodle. I really hope I can train her as well as him. His natural disposition helped a lot and I got really lucky in that way. Plus he helps me with physical things like doors when I'm hurting. That was hard to teach..I've had people accuse me of faking for a dog. Apparently having an invisible disability means it doesn't exist... 
i know it can be done, and since labradoodles dont really breed true, you will get very different individuals.  But every labradoodle i met was hyper and required lots of fetch and training (although sounds like you can handle that).  perhaps look at an english lab.  they are often smaller and calmer than american labs.
I think the best way I've found to identify a service dog is by watching its behavior and what it is paying attention to.  If your "service dog" in the grocery store is trying to cram its nose into the meat section of the fridge, and is spending more time sniffing passing people than watching what you are doing, then I feel justified in considering them people who are cheating the system.  Basically, as long as your dog isn't being disruptive, I won't make judgements as to if it is a service dog or not.
This, exactly.  I had a service dog (a legit one) and called out several fakes for bad behavior.  The thing is, even if it IS a legitimate service dog (i.e. paired with someone with a clear disability) you can still ask them to leave if the dog is doing something truly disruptive. 
The best indicator that it's not a service dog is the fact that it just leaped up on its owner while its harness is on. When the harness is on, service dogs are all business. There's no way it's a real service dog.
I run into a blind woman with a gorgeous golden retriever service dog on a regular basis. If we stop to talk or I see her already sitting down, I ask if it's okay to say hi to the dog, she tells him "it's okay" and he goes from his quiet/attentive attitude to the happiest face-licking cuddle-slut puppy in an instant. Vest be damned..The vest is not important to the dogs training (as far as my experience, I fostered potential service dogs as puppies when I was a younger). The owner must release the dog from service via command. It's not unusual to allow the dog to "relax" for a moment to play or hang out when not actively on duty.
Thanks for clarifying that - I was always under the belief that the harness on = no dice..That said, "Emotional support animal" sounds like not-a-real-thing to me.
Most places that train service dogs do tell you "vest time is work time" - I adhered to that by removing my dog's vest when I wanted to tell him that he was free to be... well, a dog.  He took his job seriously.  When people greeted him while he was in vest, he would perhaps wag his tail a bit and glance at them, but otherwise ignore them.  Take the vest off, and he was all up in their space wanting pets, etc.  
That tends to be a problem with people not understanding that emotional and mental health is as important as physical health. 
You're right, I definitely have a different understanding of the relative levels of importance there. :)
That is pretty ignorant. 
Your problem is you can define pretty much all pets as emotional support animals. You wouldn't have them if they didn't make you happy. It's way too broad a definition..Looks like the Americans With Disabilities Act specifically rules out comfort animals. The threshold looks like the dog needs to perform a specific task in certain circumstances to assist.
my ex had epilepsy and while she seemed 99% normal her tiny little service dog could detect when she was about to have a seizure so she could lay down and avoid head trauma..COOLEST little dog ever.  Loved to play but also knew when to be quiet.

The dog would put itself as a cushion for her to fall on ?
I want to follow you around and just watch you learn
You're welcome to. 
This is why I love dogs more than cats
This is why I love cats more than dogs. I do not want a 50 kilogram beast jumping on me.
This picture is actually also why I love cats more than dogs.
Word.
HERETIC!
Samesies!
Weird, my cat would do this to me whenever i'd visit my parents after moving out..In fact even if i'd stay there for a few days, if I were to lay down within site of her, she'd immediately run over and lay on me. .Sorry buddy, you've just met the wrong cats!
Siamese! FTFY
Don't you start that shit up in here.  Fuckin cats gettin up in Lady's shit.
I fuckin hate those cats!
As soon as I read this I thought, "Absolutely." My next thought was, "He is going to get so many messages from defensive cat-owners."
Oh right - it has nothing to do with the fact that dog lovers feel the need to constantly compare dogs to cats even though it's a senseless comparison. 
You couldn't imagine
Stay strong, man. We're the minority here.
where the hell does this persecution complex come from ffs?!.Every damn day it's top posts here saying "i know it's not a cat!" "i like dogs more, oh no downvotes!!".no one gives a flying fuck, dogs get upvoted equally if not more so than cats
And yet neither my nor OP's statements were incorrect. He has every right to say "And this is why .". He made no assertion as to which animal was better. All I did was simply agree, and make a joke about how many people were fighting his opinion. .Furthermore, I was absolutely correct in the sheer magnitude of messages from "defensive cat owners". Not only have I received angry, defensive comments but also angry, defensive PMs, and OP no doubt has received the same sort of rude messages. Just look at how many cat-owners and cat-lovers are grabbing pitchforks, trying to explain to him why cats are better. I don't think we're the ones with the problem. Thank you for downvoting people whose opinions you disagree with, though, it really helps reddit become a better place. 
You asked for those messages..Just like when people say "i'm gonna get downvoted" they get downvoted..Again, stop repeating the same stupid shit in every thread.  Of course someone has the right to say "i like dogs better" but it adds absolutely nothing and is just a gigantic circlejerk
I don't care if I get messages or not, I wanted to say something to OP because I knew exactly how reddit was going to respond, so I did. That was it. It was everyone else who turned it into a fight. You do realize that your aggressive and pretentious comments just exacerbate the situation, right? 

All it takes is one cat to ruin the whole species for some people. We're simply defensive because a cat who is treated well (and with a little education) can be just as sweet of a companion as any dog, and with just as much personality. I love both dogs and cats, but it kills me when someone says they don't like one or the other. Chances are, they had one bad exposure that sealed their opinion. .But yea, totally had the same thought. 
No one said they liked one and don't like the other. He just said this sort of loyalty and connection with a dog is why he likes dogs. The animals are inherently different, not every cat can show this sort of affection but realisticly, most dogs do. It's a matter of preference, not fighting over which is better. 
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

I actually prefer bunnies.
Cats actually do get attached like this too. Also, idk if anyone told you, but you can like both without making it a competition. 
My cats do this. They're basically dogs though. .My puppy-cats. 
We call one of our cats the puppy-cat. We rescued her from a bad situation and she was basically feral. We worked with her to teach her people are okay, and now she follows us from room to room just like a puppy.
It appears as if cats are on your mind...
 Here's a picture for you!

Beautiful cat!
Puppy brother.
It's not that complicated

When I would come home from work my cat would first wait outside for my car to pull up then he would run circles around my feet until I picked him up and he would wrap his paws around my neck and bury his face into it. He wouldn't let go until I had him inside and in my room. (and on his pillow)
My cat is like this too (the hug thing is how he chose me at the pound. I wasn't sold on him until he did that). He's a big damn baby. :)

pics
My cat had one eye and he got eaten by a coyote a week ago :(
Thats sad. My neighbors cat had 3 legs and the coyotes got him. He never left the driveway for almost 5 years. He would just walk to the end of the driveway and back to the front door. :(
My cat use to run around the tiny apartment at the time that had almost no furniture because I was poor and he would get so fast that he would be about a foot and a half up the wall then jump on the couch then jump onto the wall and just go in circles for about two minutes..He would also jump on my chest in the morning and put his nose right on mine and when I woke up he would bury his head in my neck and twist his head side to side..I loved that cat.
Aw :').When my boyfriend gets home from work, our cats get snuggles before i do because they run faster and can get on the back of the couch before me :(
Man, your boyfriend must be really tall if you have to stand on the back of the couch to get snuggles... 
A dance with a pretty lady, what more could a man want. 
Every pretty girl deserves to go to a ball. 
upvote for the Yes Man reference
Ball?! Where's the ball?????
Oh, throw the ball, oh please oh please,  throw the ball!!
I admit the first thought that struck me was that it was a drug sniffing dog and your stepdad brought home a little extra something-something.
They usually sit down next to the suspicious person/bag. 
and then ninja piss on your shoe without notice
This is completely true, you are right. It was just the immediate reaction I had to the photo with the accompanied text.
LOL. That thought never crossed my mind having just been there. The thought of Jerry (dog) as a drug sniffer is pretty amusing though. He jumped at him as quickly as a trained sniffer dog should! Only for different reasons. Like happy-tail-wagging-lick-time.
Sniffer dogs are trained to sit down when they smell drugs.
I would like the record to state that Jerry is adorable.
His level of adorableness is only challenged by his own degree of derp.
Afghani opium for the whole family, who says we can't all be a little more multi cultural. 
[deleted]
That would still be opium.
[deleted]
That just shows how little you know of the world, friend. 

Except he was in Iraq
Except it doesn't matter, because opium abuse is an extremely prevalent issue in virtually all neighboring states. .Although if we are being correctly accurate for Iraq, statistically, if you were to use a drug you'd be sniffing gasoline or some other solvent. .So I'm not sure what your point is. 
Afgani opium isn't culturally relevant to iraq and its probably not any harder to get the same stuff in the states.
Exactly.
Ok? I live in Texas does that mean I can't get weed from Mexico?
lets just say texas is a lot closer to mexico than afghanistan is to iraq.... you're skippin countries here. if you really are from texas i would hope you knew your middle east geography before we were 10 years into these wars.
Yea if anything a lot of the opium that is in the U.S. comes from Afghanistan, let alone Iraq.
Distance has nothing to do with it. I was saying just because drugs are grown in another country doesn't mean they are only used in that country alone.
Wrong country. Had cyber said Iran, then okay. Opium travels mostly through Pakistan and the border areas of Iran up into Turkmenistan, then into Russia/Central Asia from there. Iraq is more about Hashish and cannabis. 
Also, Iraq does not share a border with Afghanistan.
And an up vote for you for pointing out that not all middle eastern countries share borders or are part of some great geographical blob. 
"We'll make a fucking blast crater out of the middle east" - Ignoarnt American
Hell, I don't even consider anything east of the Levant to be the 'Middle East'. As soon as you cross the Zagros, you're basically in Central Asia. .There's also the fact that Arabs and Persian/Indo-Aryans don't really get along with each other, and their cultures are vastly different. .I wish more Americans would understand this.
....so you're saying not all brown people are the same?
Asia? That's that thing China's in, right?
What kind of airport still has segregated phones?
The TM case has really taken race relations back 50 years in this country.
Thanks for the gold, kind stranger!
Wats with all this dark humor?
Its for whites to be courteous. "Yes, there's  family with three children. I'm going to be helping them to their gate. Thank you."
Captain Oveur, white courtesy phone. Captain Clarence Oveur, white courtesy phone.
Really Reddit, this is the top comment? Really?
I'm more interested in that nut roll
You're gonna love my nuts
Don't worry the Black No-so-courteous phone is next to the restroom. 
That's good.  I don't want to smell crack smoke and fried chicken while on the phone.
Yeah, meth is much better. 
If you look at shades of the crowd in the background, you'll see it's not much cause for controversy up here.
The best kind.

Give me ham on 5, hold the Mayo.

Go to the white zone... you'll love it... it's a way of life.
You're plooking too hard...
It looks just like a Telefunken U47... you'll love it.....with leather?
Fuck, well I guess I know what I'm watching this evening.
There's no stopping in the red zone.
don't start with your white zone shit again
Oh really, Vernon? Why pretend, we both know perfectly well what this is about. You want me to have an abortion.
... if done correctly, then therapeutically there is no danger!
Fly into the danger zone!
Greatest. SN. Ever.
SN?
As a guy who works at this airport, it's just a courtesy phone that is white used to describe it for travelers. We have black phones that are for taxis and shit. But it's always a nice joke to make to our black friends. (In Washington btw.)
Thanks for answering that! After all the funny comments I was actually getting increasingly curious as to why it says "white phone".
Spokane airport?
Yep!
Anytime!
What airport do u work at? The BOMBingham airport????
I saw the sign and thought why does it have the "White" there as well as seeing the majority of white folks. Then I thought "Ah this must be somewhere in the south".All the while I laughed at the complete formation of my thoughts. Being judgemental about white people. 
Yeah, far from the south. Lol so far north. :P 

Canadia?
I also defaulted to thoughts like yours, and I'm a white person.
Goddamn you're stupid.
Thanks asshole!
You are fortunate, some people are born with an incomplete asshole.
Never been more tempted to post a picture of my asshole..Still not doing it.
Good on you
God forbid you make them blue or green or purple or some color that would avoid a "White Courtesy Phone" sign.
Yeah, gotta say I was confused the first time I moved here and I saw it. But, Washingtons not really a state that cares much about race. Hipsters.
God forbid you not being so damn sensitive.
pretty sure it was a joke...

Sarcasm, more than a joke, but obviously sarcasm that took a wrong turn and got very, very lost.
Which is funny since black people can't get taxis
...they can if they plan to rob them. :D
Hahaha!.Oh..
But they can get your girlfriend.
Only if your girlfriend is fat and white.
She is.
Then they either have to walk, take the bus or call their mom to pick them up in her minivan

heyooo!
It's not segregated, it's just a courtesy of being white.
Yeah being black is just rude! 
Too soon... 
Apparently it was too soon!
FOR HIM! LOL (THAKS FOR ALLOWING ME TO DO THIS!)
Im racist and I find that black
HOLY SHIRT!! I have to sit down.

is it a teeny golden? So cute I can't breathe!
Awww he reminds me of brain from pinky and the brain.
repost
awwgasm
None could have foreseen that Bolghor The Terrible would one day become ruler of the galaxy!
I want to give it more than one up vote. This is the best quote "It's so fluffy I'm gonna die!!!"
This puppy needs its own calendar and product line.
d'aww... cuteness over load INDEED.
This puppy could make Kristen Stewart show emotion.
I'm sensing some guilt in that expression...
I can't believe it. 
kawaiiiiii!
It looks so pissed off.
tried?
. . .aaaand?
Sounds like your cat is gonna leave a nice little crap on your pillow these days... Never screw a cat!
And then the cat died of starvation.
That's a ..  The best thing you can do when you find a fledgling is to put it right back where you found it (or in bushes nearby if it's very exposed) and leave it alone.  It's not uncommon to find fledglings on the ground this time of year.  Its parents will not abandon it.
Or give it back to his cat, it looks delicious! 
It looks like a common starling chick .I raised one when I was little from before it's eyes were open. Feeding it canned (wet) dog food and scrambled eggs (believe it or not) until it was fully grown. 
Common starlings have become a pretty invasive species here in America. They congregate into large groups that decimate food crops and out-compete native songbirds. I hope OP is from Europe...
Possibly from Europe.. That would be better. 
I found that interesting to learn as well when I took the baby bird to a rehabilitation center and I was told they do not take common starlings and that their overpopulating and invasiveness was one of the reasons they are one of only a few wild bird species you are legally allowed to raise in captivity.
I raised him anyway and named him Leonard. 
They're better at everything and you somehow say this is a bad thing?
Well, yes. A large flock can do considerable damage to grain and fruit crops, and their aggressive nature can lead to reduced songbird diversity. A lot of farmers and birdwatchers hate them, and for good reason.
...tried to? :(
Once raised a bluejay rescued a little younger than that.  Fed it ground meat, puppy vitamins and bonemeal (we were raising a Great Dane pupy at the same time).  There was no chance of care, mom and other siblings had been parted out under the tree the nest had been in.  .Though when it got a bit bigger, a wild jay kept pushing unsuitably large bugs through the cage wires to try to feed it. (we kept it outside in a sheltered place during the day, in the garage at night safe from cats, in an old birdcage, until it got big enough to fly away).  .There is nothing like going out to check on your baby birdie and it is trapped the corner wheeping because something shoved the biggest june bug I had ever seen into the cage and it was advancing on the chick.
Must have been a concern, but a laugh too.
I find it very concerning that you "Tried" to save it. :|
My cat attacked a bird that looked just like that too last year. The poor thing was so scared it was shaking and hyperventilating but it eventually calmed down enough to fly away.
"Angry fledgling"
well? Who won that argument?
that would violate the . rules
/sad face. . .
Well, it's either rule 1 or 5. The foreboding "tried" says a lot.
Probably feeling a little RUFF ha ha ha. No but seriously, he looks like he's enjoying it.
Aaarrrrrgh! Cute hat.
Dogs thoughts "I'm so sweet I bet I'm delicious"
How cute! Did you x-post that on .?
I've always wondered about rabbits.  Can you train them at all?  As far as potty training goes, can you train them to use a litter box or do they poop wherever?  Thinking about getting my niece one, but parents would kill me if there was rabbit turds everywhere
So cute!
The shop where I got her had already had all the rabbits trained so I don't think it will be too hard to do and she is only 3 months old, I have her out of her cage a lot during the day and she never has any accidents and then when I put her back in she goes right to her litter box.. And I really thought they would stink but the lady I got her from told me to use car litter and it really never smells at all! 
AAAANNNNNDDDDD IIIIIIII - EEE - IIIIII...
Good. You need it.
He is so cute! Love the ears!
He's gotta grow into his ears haha
Wouldn't have happened with a proper dog.
 .
Like this Guy!
Did he step on it or jump on it?
She may not have gotten the nutrition she needed as a stray to grow.  But she looks healthy and happy despite the look on her face that says "leave me alone, human, I'm tired."  
Very cute! I have a little girl manx who was a stray and is just 6lbs. She's 8 now...I like her tower.
You built a tower at night?  Impressive.
My girl is even tinier. I got her in November and was told when I adopted her that she was 9mths, thinking great! She'll grow! NOPE. Other than a little fattening which was sorely needed, she remains as tiny as she ever was. She sleeps with my every night though and follows me around the house, even sits on my lap when I pee :\
My (almost one year old) daughter thinks your picture of "kitties" is adorable. She kept pointing at it and trying to pet them.
Oh there's that disapproving rabbit look! I used to have rabbits and when ever you took a picture of them, they would give that look of "instead of doing what I want you to, you're taking a picture?"
as she grows they will straighten up or bend over, or maybe one of each.  Cutie.
With a face like that, gnaw away.
And besides that, its only Ikea (   -)
He's beef-o-licious!
Looks like he is balancing the table on his head. 
Oh I agree! There's no way I can get anything done without her at my feet. Or with her butt in the air trying to wiggle her non-existent tail(:
Had a very large Olde English Bulldogge who had a huge under bite. I think it is one of the cutest things. So ugly but that what makes them cute.
Awesome name and I can relate to your dilemma. I have cats that do the same thing. I always tell them they're lucky they are cute because they really can be little dinks sometimes. Like Tonka, they have a face that can't be denied. They sure train us well, don't they?
i wish i could upvote this photo 100 times
Oh, oh, OH, so CUTE
You are blessed! 
We found him on the side of the road and took him in. Poor thing was burning up outside.
I love kittens at that age. They're so playful. .I really miss my cat now :(
This is either a tiny circus tent or these are like giant guinea pigs, cant't decide. Need normal sized banana for scale.
Nothing because they are inside.
Finally! r/aww needs more piggies. They are awesome pets.
Shit in the corner and chew wood fucking chips.
Anything else I should tell you?
Reminds me of teletubbies. This tent comes out of something like a flying disco ball or something i forgot.
The rough patch behind the tent looks like a road, which makes these guinea pigs look massive.
Apparently yours go to some sort of strange renaissance fair

Better fucking dressed than me
Dapper as f*ck! I need to get my boy one of these for my wedding! (Although that would make him better dressed than me)
Gorgeous....we have a dog at work that looks like him, his name is patch :) 
Looks JUST LIKE the puppy I rescued a few months ago...settle a bet, what's the breed/breed mix? :) 
Your dog is pretty much identical to mine, even down to the spots on his nose! Although admittedly, mine is much fatter...
He's a Staffordshire Bull Terrier. :) 
If you look at him from a certain angle, he's a shoo in for the Target dog.
Looks like Petey from the old Little Rascals tv show. Adorable!
D'awwwww! He looks so accomplished. "LOOKWHEREIMSITTING! look. LOOKDAMNIT!"
yours looks like mine! mine is a dalmatian/terrier mix. not sure what kind of terrier though.
Red collar and all!
What a sweet looking fella!
Two face ! Where's bat man?
Looks a hell of a lot like my dog.. pit and lab? Or just pit? 
Dat smug look. "It's a good seat, right? ^__^"
Adorable. Mine is already taller than what Google Images showed me of the breed, but we knew he was a mutt already. He looks sweet! :)
Oh he's amazingly sweet! He likes coming up and licking us and a little paw play, though he still likes jumping around a lot. Then again he's still roughly a puppy, just two years old. I wish he were mine though, he's actually my brother's dog. :)
Halfway close actually! Staffordshire Bull Terrier. :) 
Your dog looks exactly like my dog when he puts his ears back! 
what an adorabull!.my zoe gives me the same look when its time for walkies
Soo cute
Anybody home?
Get down from there! How many times do I have to tell my pets not to bother the tourists for selfies.
Next thing you know, he's going to be on the toilet like this.
BUSTED!
Ok you creepy guy why wood you let your dog sit on the toylet and get his anal germs wear you have put your butt? You are so creepy for that you shood be arrested for having a dog anal diseez. I dont noe why anyone wants to share butthole germs with there dog and get a backterial infection in there anus you shood see a sykeolojist.
I'm really gonna hate myself for this but."Draw me like one of your french girls"
I feel like this is the perfect representation of a cat. Like of course all other cats here are cats, but if you were to just draw a cat for the heck of it, this is what you'd draw. Or at least what I always used to draw. Sorry about the rambling, but Pancake is adorable and I'd cuddle with her so much :3
I love pancakes. I love cats. I love cats named pancake. 
I've got a Toastie & a Crumble cat. The vet said 'going for a food theme' I wonder what gave it away...
Such a good looking cat! Gonna grow up to be beautiful
I have the same looking cat and his name is pancake too, just spell it Pnkeek.
My cat always hides when it's raining/storming, he's a little wimp. 
I have a kitty named Pancake too!
He is contemplating purchasing a boat.
Gunna be a big cat, those paws are not to scale.
For some reason, I thought of the "I should buy a boat" cat. 
"one" of your kittens?  how many of these small furry things are living in your abode? 
Two!  Archimedes is my other one-- he's much more relaxed about storms, as you can see ..
cats carry the best facial expressions!  and two is peachy... if you said 6... well then i'm getting you this shirt
I have a cat named pancakes but she's a girl who we thought was a boy. Actually her middle name is Pancakes but we call her by that or Pannies. 
orange cats are best
Orange kitties are the best! I have 2 orange girls and they are nothing but love and trouble :)
Right?  He's such a pain in the ass sometimes, but then he wants to cuddle all up on you and he is a purring machine.  As soon as you come over to pet him he starts up like a little motor.
My little one is the same way. You can hear her purring from the other room, it's pretty amazing. My big one just wants to be as close as possible which normally ends up with her half laying on my face lol. I'd be upset if she wasn't so damn cuddly and soft.
Pancake is absolutely adorable but this one has such a cool looking face... I don't know how to explain but he's gorgeous :-)
Aw, thanks!  He has big silly bat ears that he'll hopefully grow into someday.
I literally just gave away a cat named Pancake
His paws are so cute!
With the way the weather's been here lately, he's not alone.
i too have a pet pancake :)
As did I. Same type of cat too, pumpkin tabby
Yeah I used to have one but it got moldy and died so I buried it.
"Pumpkin tabby," I never heard them called that before.  I like it.
Pussy
Me too with the Pancake kitty. Same colors too. I love that grumpy, jerk.
Mine's not grumpy but he is a troublemaker for sure.  Silly orange kitties.
He is just old now (got him when he was 10 weeks) and I recently got a new kitten. She annoys the shit out of him. He was nothing but trouble when he was younger though. I can't wait to get home and cuddle with him now. 
so cute!! and so concerned!!
I am flattered by all these kittens named after me
The process: Know of 0 cats named Pancake > Name cat Pancake > Everyone's cat is named Pancake..Though it's a pretty great name.
Our kittens could be twins .. He also sports the constantly worried look.
Aww!  Kitteh friends.
Pancake, meet 
Flapjack looks very regal.
"Mom, Dad... there's a bath outside It's .. Are we safe in here? Oh gosh. You gotta be kitten me."
Shadow
Cat-face. I'm no good at this.

Cocoa
I though the mirror car had a ghost arm then realised it was his tail! .Name: Catphrey. Like Humphrey but for cats. 
Meow
Navi
minion, sidekick, siri, wanderer, follow..shes beautiful
Toewarmer
Mario!
Dent
Re-pete. (This only works if your name is Pete)
Idk why I totally disregarded your arm and thought he had a genetic mutation for a hand..
So do ferrets smell as much as people say? I've always wanted one but this has held me back.
No, he does. I have no hand and he also has the ability to float. I probably should've added that in the title to avoid confusion 
UPVOTE TO CLEAR CONFUSION 
I got him when I was in my first trimester of pregnancy and at that point, even the smell of air was enough to make me want to hurl violently. There's s definite odor, but it really isn't as bad as some people say, IMO. 
She's got rabies in her eyes
Took a bit to find a wildlife rehabilitation place that would accept raccoons. I miss our morning showers. 
haha just the beginning! 
Aww he is adorable. He looks like he is fed well too. He looks loved.
unlike OP
Aww... well I'll help stuff you up hehe. Than you can say you are loved.
I'm good, thanks.
Haha lol 
His name is Mr. Moe
So in one year of Reddit, what have I learned?.Thanks for the fun year guys! I signed up for Reddit shortly after my father passed away, and there was so much on here that brought a smile to my face again. The latest thread to make me laugh is this one: .Keep on keeping on, Redditors!
I definitely would have taken her with me. 
Nothing makes me feel better than random cat affection :)
She looks just like the Eskie I used to have.  Definitely a pretty princess, thanks for sharing! 
By saying Im a pritty princes are you trying to trik us that the dog can rite his own reddit posts? Or are you a pritty princess who just put a picture of there dog for upvotes. I noe that dogs cant make link posts all by themselfs but the title says "I'm" so youre clearly failing to trik us here. Stoopid peeple rooin reddit cuase they dont even noe what there tocking about.
Did everyone in the world own that Sony TV?  That is the heaviest and most awkward TV to move!.Cute puppy by the way!
Your friend's stepson isn't nearly old enough to have a wife.
We're talking about Thailand here. 
Haha, you're right. Probably should have rephrased the title :)
So adorable! He takes treats so gently! 
If I got to interact with that everyday I would be the happiest person alive. So fucking cute.
What a big friendly guy, thanks for sharing! Where is his little friend?
I took this video on the first day and I hadn't met his partner in crime yet. Sorry for the poor quality, new to gifs and trying to figure out how to make the file size smaller so I can make a longer video/gif. Going camping this weekend but I'll see them Monday and make sure to get a longer/better video to share with all of you. OP will deliver!...Monday 
Great thanks! You are so lucky to be meeting this guy and his little pal. .Happy camping!
I really wish this title was "Meow may I help you"
I'm here for my cat scan.
That would be $100 meow.
I'm here for my medicinal catnip.
You stop laughing right meow! Not so funny meow, is it?
Sorry about the formatting, this is my first time posting a photo. 
It's ok.  You are lucky Pumpkin is so cute
No, this is cat
That monkey looks like he has a long ass tail.
i had a monkey that died, i might just go slit myself now :(
The cat is like, "Dont fucking touch me."
Those eyes.
This is great. If those ears were any bigger he/she would a helicopter.
He/She looks like she is so excited and ready to use all of that energy!
The more you walk around, the more they grown in number. 
Watch out, once they catch your foot I don't think you're getting it back.
Maybe you dropped your wallet.
Not the worst problem to have, if im honest.


This can only be described as "cute as fuck!"..My old Rottie used to gently lift my ducklings out of their paddling pool if they got too tired to swim and I wasn't around to help. .Dogs rule!
I love dogs who actively protect and watcn over smaller familly members.
Your daughter?
That is so sweet!
Sorry, my dog is watching my daughter sleep on the baby monitor. When my dog sees movement or hears my daughter crying, my dog runs up to my daughter's room..EDIT: Clarification
Interrupted mid-bath
She was going lick herself but she has stage fright.
Looks like plotting your doom.
yep that's a cat alright
Those are the stumpiest, most wonderfully wrinkly legs that I've ever seen. Those ears? That sweet face? I MUST SNUGGLE THAT BASSET HOUND. 
Weird, our Basset used to sit on her favorite chair and look out the window in the exact same way! Must be a Basset thing. 
Those arms! 
i can assure that he lifts.
dem legs
Wow what a cool picture! Nice job. Making it my wallpaper now
He's flossin and stuntin.
Furious looking little fucker ain't he?
Flaunt it fluffy, flaunt it
Better recognize! Lil fat blue bird is about to whoop your monkey ass!
<Insert twitter joke I can't think of here>
It looks like the bird from Shrek RIGHT before blowing up.
i wana  see this fat ass fly 
good thing that bird didnt just hatch or youd try to fuck it you pedophile piece of shit
I don't know if I would call him a pedophile, but his history is pretty creepy. 
By the time you read this, my racing greyhound will have eaten that bird and all of it's family.
Wasn't this in the Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory?
He can just roll from place to place. .Just imagine if there were one or more species of bird like that. Just rolling around and stuff. That would be awesome. 

He's not fat, He's fluffy!
Nah, he's just puffin.
That little cutie is angry. 
its a twitter bird.

Aww, he's so mad. 
This is a repost but I just can't downvote it.
Twitter irl
He looks like a little blue mob enforcer or something. 
not a bluebird, it's an Indigo bunting. Love their song. 
The animal kingdoms' "come at me, bro".

I've been staring at this trying to figure out whose arms those are in the 2nd pic... I wanna say Benjarvus Green Ellis?
"Nobody calls me tubby!!"
Goes great with this Dog. 
Collect the whole set! 
I sense a new meme in the making...
Should be in the outlet by the light switch,.watching over you.
Nah man, he doesn't mess around.
Aww, lil tubby wubby birdie wirdie!

No one has ever posted this before.
REPOSTTT!!!!!
REPOOOOSSST
It's a majestic Blue-backed Robin!

It's tubby because you haven't tapped it yet. When the other two birds pop out of it, it gets smaller.
"I can fly! I just... don't wanna right now... I swears!"
This little guy was in . not too long ago...
.
My submission: 
ANGRYYYYYY BIRDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
Its because its not split into three yet
I see no arms on this bird.....this should change. Soon
And the next shit he takes will be a new twitter post.
You want a piece of me!
Ok, let's be real here, if it really were that fat, it wouldn't be able to fly. It's just fluffing up it's feathers, because air get's trapped in between the layers of feather, acting thus as insulation against the cold weather. You can see birds doing this during fall and winter.
easy meal
Yes!  I love chubby blue birds.
Twitter
He looks like Esther's familiar from Ni no Kuni. 
The Blue Bird of Angriness!! 
It's obviously American
How do you skip the title, "Angry Bird"?
Tweet tweet, motherfucker
Kill it
I read that as "Tumblely blue bird", and i was like, that birds not even moving! :(
"LADIIIIIIIIES..." 
Ain't no bluebird ever get too heavy to sing
Bluebird of happiness - You wouldn't belive all the places I've been looking for that.
Why doesn't he have arms?

Fire him from a slingshot, he'll split into three!
Hate to be that guy...but I saw this 2 months ago. Hell someone even photoshopped it to make it look like it was Godzilla or something
Wasn't me...but here you go:
he's grumpy!
Tubby Blue Bird..Ah, the name of my first band.
IT IS THE BRITISH WAY
Fun fact: I played Angry Birds for hours before I realized you could tap to make the blue birds split up and the yellow bird go faster. Much harder to win that way.
it even has the angry fat kid look
Joe Cocker Spaniel. Go.
I'm just waiting on Fiona from Shrek to explode it with her singing.
That is an angry bird.
Don't push me, cuz I'm close to the edge
I would like to let everyone know that I am the original poster of this
We hope that you find it in your heart to donate graciously to NIBO, the National Institute for Bird Obesity. 
Quick fiona stop singing!
Blue canary in the outlet by the light switch
As soon as I clicked the link I heard Eric Cartman'a voice in my head saying, 'I'm not fat, I'm big boned!'
This has been my phone's background for a couple months now... I never get as many comments on it as are in this thread :(
Reminds me of the bird that blew up in shrek
Boomba?
This is a mountain bluebird chick. Very cute. 
I like this for three reasons:.--He isn't pestering me incessantly about what my friends are eating and doing every minute of the day..--He hasn't split into three, equally useless copies of himself that don't land where I want them to..--He isn't trying to sell me mediocre quality ice cream.
This reminds me of the children's book, Word Bird. 
Don't objectify the brd by calling it "tubby", shitlord!
this should go on r/delightfullychubby 
Angry bird
This has surely already been made into something at ..
Too many fritters twitter?
DOCTOR WHO?
It looks like its places his hands on its "hips"
I find the most amazing things about bluebirds is how saturated the blue is on them. They look like little flying bits of photoshop.
All I see is a feathery blue Eric Cartman.
Twitter bird on too many sweets
The lesser known "Blue bird of what the fuck you lookin' at buddy"
So evolution came out this huh? I'm gonna say keep this picture, it could be good evidence for a failed mutation.
I see this bird, and I think of the chubby creatures from Borderlands 2..
Its a baby articuno,dingus
Umm doesn't he look kinda angry?
Tweet tweet, motherfucker.
ok guys, my turn to repost this next week.
So this what happens when I stop tweeting for a while...
re-post
Merely irritated bird.
"Did you say Twitter? Dont talk to me about those fuckers. Owe me millions in royalties. Get off my property."
"Twitter over-capacity"
HE'S SO FLUFFY I'M GONNA DIE!!!

Peeps are the best marshmallow candy in the world. If I could marry a giant peep, I would.
I don't think society would accept you after you ate your spouse.
He's big boned dammit.
He looks mad, like Cartman.  "I'm not fat, Goddamnit!  I'm big boned!"
Or: "I'm not fat goddamnit, I'm well marbled.""I'm not fat goddamnit I'm pleasingly plump."
Screw you guys I'm going home.
Went looking for source... found this instead... . disappointed: 

You should have waited longer before splitting them. Now the bottom one is just going to bounce off the stone and not do anything.

More like angry blue bird.
Looks like a good candidate for 
SRS BRD irl
Exactly what I thought. It even has a scorching look of disapproval.
And It's fat with hairy legs.
I'm on it...
Annnnd 
 D:
That was brilliant!
Curvy OP, we call them curvy
Big-feathered?

Not fluffy?
IT'S SO FLUFFY I COULD DIE
I will also accept fluffy
[deleted]
Lmao
I think your less than 6 minute old novelty account needs some gold.
Really? Because I think you just made that account and gave it gold yourself, and I downvoted it accordingly.
Lmao
OoooOoh, you're saucy.  .You're such a brave knight.  Why would I waste gold on an account that I made and won't use?  That's not funny..I'll upvote you for effort though.  :)
Yes, 6 minute old completely unoriginal and boring novelty accounts are always being given gold for new comments with single digit upvotes..Dude, it's incredibly obvious, and equally pathetic.
I've done it before.  It's pretty funny.  Like giving a highly downvoted comment, gold.  ......There.  ;)
I stand by my original assessment of the situation but still, thanks!

Bernese Mountain Dog? Lookit that FACE!
Be careful! Your phone numbers are visible! Cute dog!
I know that look. My dog is the same way. That is a dog that likes to fuck shit up.
While taking this picture....hold on let me just get the background shot in here so everyone can comment on that.....ok got it perfect!
This dog made me yawn
wow... Your backyard
pls respond OP we have questions for you
Dude, your dog is yawning
I would be happy to if I had a pool to put my feet in. 
Adorable! Now I feel the need for a pool for my dog.
That Golden Retriever is smiling :)
If that's your place, I'll put my resume forward to be your dog. 
Dogs exchange heat through their foot pads, this is us putting an ice pack on the back of our necks.
I'd be happy too!
"Oh that? That's just my ocean, I call it the Pacific"
You can have the dog. I want to live in paradise. 
I wish I was rich enough to afford a view like that..Edit: I wish I was rich enough to afford a dog. :(
Dogs can only sweat through their paw pads and feet. I'd say your buddy has found the most efficient way to cool off on a hot day!.Pro tip: If your dog is ever overheating, cold water on their feet is a good way to help them cool down.  
Your chair tipped over... 
Is that your house and can I come over? I also love goldens. And pools. 
What pool-having ocean view paradise do you live in?  Looks like Malibu.
Beautiful view, is that California ?
/covet that pool
Where is that place located?.Also, your dog made me yawn
OOoh girl, I'm gettin my paws did!
So, OP isn't going to tell us where this is?
give me your home, peasant!
Not really concerned with the pool. Cute dog.
I want to come swimming!
I'm actually very jealous, thats a grand pool with a great view.
Dogs can't sweat he way we do.  Getting their pads wet helps them stay cool.  It's one reason they sometimes stand in their water dish.
Enjoy your dog and get lot's of pics, just put mine down and don't have to many picture's.
This dog lives a life better than mine.
I want to live where you live. 
Holy f'ing shit! That's your pool?!
I would be too if I was in that pool 
or yawning, whichever gets more karma
Aren't we all?
Those are his hands!
basketball player once attempted pro?
Look at your view!
dude.  i want to be in that pool. 
so am i.
No, the water is totally warm! Suckers...
Trade lives?
Nice view!!
Its because there paws are hot all day and putting them into cool water makes them feel good.
I guess his dogs were barking.
rich
I'd like to be too happy to do anything.
Please tell me I am not the only one who did not read the L in pool.  
I can fetch, stay, and sit. I'm up to date on all my shots. And I can pick up my own poo..How's about a trial stay?
Good boy. 
Can I come over? 
I love how you try to ignore your AMAZING view 
that is a nice ass pool
Turkey? I have a friend who has a house in Turkey and their view looks exactly like that, except they have an infinity pool.
Why is he too happy? What is "too" happy anyway? Can we be "too" happy. I think not.
I think he is more stoked about having rich owners who probably pamper the living shit out of him.
If i had a pool like that, id be happy even if my feet werent in it :)
Mediterranean? 
He is cooling his paws since they sweat through them..Also, my golden would never be out of the pool. I would have to put a fence around it.
Does your dog have a black spot on his tongue? If so, what causes that? Because my dog has one towards the back of his tongue and we're not sure if we should take him to the vet. 
Great view but super windy day.  Where is this?
Where the hell do you have to live to get a nice view like that? OP is Bruce Wayne. 
Swimming in a pool, when it looks you have a ocean behind. That is an awesome location for a house.
Dat view.
that is some ballin ass pool.
ocean view and a pool?  shieet...
They use their paws to stay cool!
do you live on top of a cliff?
he's so cute!
Yeah, the dog is TOTALLY the interesting part of this picture.  Make me feel better and tell me that this is just a condo you're renting for a vacation.....Please?
Your chair is knocked over.
I am pretty sure that dogs sweat through their feet, so there is a reason why he is putting his feet in the pool.  He's not just doing it to be cool. Ill let myself out.
Like, fuck, nice place.
jealous much, my paddling pool will have to do
OP must deliver more pictures of that view. OP surely will deliver...OP might deliver...OP probably won't deliver...OP isn't going to deliver. 
My Retriever has the same mark on his tongue :), but unfortunately not the same pool. He's scared of puddles anyway 
Livin' the dream are we?
Good god sir, where do you live?! Looks incredible 
Let's start to take bets on where this house is located. My guess: .La Jolla, Cali
I am pretty sure that dog is yawning, not smiling or panting
If I had a view like that from my fucking pool, I'd be all too happy too.
OP we demand to know where you live!!
What a big ass pool. Love 
Isn't that going to make him pee himself? That's probably why he's so happy.
English Golden, my man
Very cute dog!!
Can we ban op for not responding to important questions? It might be turkey from reading his other posts?
Everything is great in this place.  Aspen?
I think your dog is happy because he is rich
There isn't that much undeveloped land in La Jolla, except for Torrey Pines, but you don't see any of the famous pines. I think further north in OC.
ITT: Middle class and poor people
1%
My dog had it, same spot this retriever has it. Not sure what causes it, could probably google it. No need for alarm though, vet said it was pretty normal (asked about it when we went in for something else). 
Doesn't seem like the pool is totally necessary. 
Calabasas? 
I don't think Calabasas has an ocean view. It would have to be a location through the canyon. Maybe Malibu?
Can I come over, or live with you? I've got these cheeseburgers man
that was a good one! haha
Where is this?
Hawaii.
must be nice to be rich
It's possible he/she isn't and just lives in a comparably poor country. Like a doggy king.
Glad all the comments are related to what I was thinking..OMFG I LUV YUR HOEM..Now that I've gotten that out of my system, your dog is adorable. And mmm, dat backyard.
ITT: Everyone wants to know where OP lives and what he/she does for a living.
and if we can come over and be best friends forever
OP wouldn't invite you over, you'd Britta something.
And who can blame him. What a breathtaking location! Is that your home?
Everyone's thinking it, so I'm just gonna say it.
OP will deliver. I have faith, and it's such a humble request.
If I was the dog of a millionaire I might crack a smile as well.
Holy shit, that's a beautiful pool. I live in a townhouse and I barely even have a backyard.
I live in a studio apartment, get on my level of poverty
Wat
Studios tend to be the cheapest kind of apartments.
I don't even have a home to live in. Right now, I'm redditing on some dudes laptop while he waits for his Macchiatto to finish in Starbucks.
Wasn't that a plot point in drillbit Taylor?
and you choose to spend your limited time on the internet, on reddit?
It's better than being the creepy guy who touches himself watching porn in Starbucks..I don't wanna be that guy
I'm pretty sure thats Troy Mcclures house:
How in the world did you know this reference?
Hi, I'm OP. You may remember me from such educational films as "Two Minus Three Equals Negative Fun" and "Firecrackers: The Silent Killer". 
no one noticed the dog in this photo.
No shit.  What dog?
If that is your house, and not a resort, please tell me what I am doing wrong : )
Not living in the Southern U.S.
Clearly, you picked the wrong parents. 
Ah, so that's your excuse.
Nah, he totally chose the wrong starting pokemon  
Having a golden retriever changes everything; it literally retrieves gold for you, hence the name.
You are correct! (.)
You sir, have an amazing view. 
my guess is either San Diego or Palos Verdes Peninsula
From one of his comments he indirectly reveals that he is from Istanbul.
Don't know of many places in San Diego with hills like that to the water and new houses like that. Maybe slightly more north like San Clemente.
Could be Malibu.
This is what I thought.
I was thinking on the side of Mt. Soledad.edit: now that I look closer the shrubs in the background look too deserty to be Mt. Soledad.  I really have no idea. 
you sir, shall not covet thy redditor's view
ITT: A lot of jealous people (me too!)
ITT: a lot of people who know why OP took the pic from that angle
The only thing better than a golden retriever is a spoiled rotten golden retriever!
She is precious!!!!
Seems like a precocious little munchkin. Those eyes are destined to melt a lot of hearts, and probably break some as well ;)
just adorable! And that hair! Do you use any product on it or is that just her hair texture (it's gorgeous)
ADORABLE!
Your daughter is absolutely adorable!!! But I'm sure already knew that.
Rudy?
Look at all that hair!  Adorable!

She's beautiful. :)
There is NO way she did it! I mean just look at her face!!!!
Too adorable!!!
she is adorable! 
Adorable kid. Look at those eyes.
Awwww shes sooo cute 
She is adorable!
That is one cute baby!
She is frickin' adorable!!
those eyes 
Wrong.  This is her "infinity times infinity" face.
:{
You're screwed Dad.
She could be in the modern version of the bill cosby show. .EDIT: the word Version doesnt contain the letter c. 
Reminds me of 
Aww, she's so adorable. 
Priceless expression... :)
OH MY GOD SHE IS THE MOST PRECIOUS THING ALIVE
OMG - she is just adorable!
Those eyes!
That is the cutest baby! She has so much hair! Adorable!
curious what camera/lens, not only is it a great picture but clarity is amazing
For 8 months, she has a lot of hair.
Camera / Lens / Settings / RAW or JPG?.Love this shot, just starting to shoot my own 11-day old little guy!
Your 8 month old is ADORABLE. I can't get enough of that face. You sir or madame, have very excellent genes!
Just heartsick that this dear little photo generated so many hateful (and disgusting) comments.PLEASE protect that beautiful baby and teach her about love & tolerance. She may have had a "time out" coming for her "crime", but may I be one to say I'm sorry your love was met with so many vile words. And we wonder why the Zimmerman cases cause such BS!! God bless you Mommy for making some of us say, "Awwwww..." (why is it I get the feeling I'll be on the receiving list next?) Sticks & Stones....
Skittles and tea motherfucker!!! Do you speak it??
I swear to god I saw this exact picture on amazon under a product photo for a sunpak flash
[deleted]
Rudy?
Keep this shit on Facebook 
wow. what an asshole
Exactly what I was thinking!
OP says in a different comment :-."Nikon D90 w/ Sigma 18-50mm f/2.8, and a SB-28 speedlight set on manual.  Shot at full 50mm, f/4, 1/200 sec, ISO 400.".That's all I can give you..P.s. good luck with parenthood!
I think it's daddy.
Just being honest: I don't usually up-vote anything but when I saw it was a (I am guessing) African American toddler I had the urge to up-vote it, because of some kind of guilt, like if I didn't I am racist. Really made me feel shitty. Am I alone? .P.S. feel free to down-vote, I just wanted to admit it
And she'll be using that face to her advantage for the rest of her years.
Was that right after she took a Jello Pudding Pop?
This kid looks a lot older than 8 months.
Am I the only one that read this first as "Apparently, this is my 8 month old daughter'
Ah wuz lak. Daaaamn.
That's what I was thinking! She invented that face
i miss raven :(
8 months? Fuck off. 
My reply to an earlier comment.  I shot this in JPG actually, tho I shoot in RAW when I plan on editing something.  This is straight from the camera at those settings.
Hopefully she won't be ghetto
Fuck You!
That's so Raven!
Why would you think she wasn't yours?
I think that's her, "I probably did kill that guy, but I'm too cute for you to do anything about it" face.
That look says to me "I did it, it's hilarious and I bet you haven't noticed the . thing I did."
DON'T RUN AROUND THE HOUSE, RUDY, YA SEE?
You should teach her poker, it would be fun to play with someone with a tell like that :)
Adorable
Oh what the cutest face!
I believe her.  xx
OMG, shes so adorable
[deleted]

So what?
[deleted]
Odd thing to ask. 
What was it?
Well what s/he asked was "why are you picking a fight in a subreddit for cute pictures?" which was odd considering his/her initial comment, which was something like "I came here to look at cute pictures of animals not bald ugly babies".
Ah, thanks! Sounds like a sad attempt at trolling.
[deleted]
[deleted]
Quick to delete all your comments, guess you realized you were quite the asshole
The NSA deleted them for him.  They are on his doorstep right now.
I believe her
You should put her in commercials or something and get paid in money instead of karma!
This looks too perfect to be real! :-) If it is, remember: it's the cute and smart ones that give you problems. ;-) Good luck my friend. 
My daughter has a lot of hair too, it always makes them look older! This is TOO cute.
She is adorable!
She is god damned adorable!
Your daughter has beautiful hair. Unfortunately, I feel like . saying that. 
Your daughter is adorable! 
That's funny, because my son just laughs and in some dialect of baby says, "YEAH, bitch, I did that and YOU LIKE IT!".....he's charming, this one.
OP has a really nice camera.
She is absolutely adorable! Now I know what I have to look forward to in another 3 1/2 months <big grin>!
That's like a 2 year old.
hahaha, she's cute, great pic
I see a huxtable/Cosby moment going on. ."Ru-dee, did you eat the last, jello pudding pop... Bmwahhhhhh?"."no dad I wouldn't ever do that."
Your 8 month old looks likes she 2 years old
So very cute and so very guilty. It's the smirk that gives it away.... But oh so cute!!!
Beautiful
If she were MY daughter, that would be her "I can get away with anything" look.
So precious! I secretly want to put her picture up as my desktop picture at work (a bit creepy, I know haha) but she is so darn cute it makes me smile. And MAYBE when I make mistakes, I could flash it up there and suddenly everything would be better? 
Is that a little amber necklace? My daughter wears the same one, I think. Beautiful little girl. :)
look at them big ol eyes!!!!
What a cutie!! I couldn't get made at that face.
haha cute, she didn't do it. It was the damn dog again.
She is ridiculously cute.  
No, that looks like a smug "yeah I did do it, but I'm cute enough to get away with it" face.
[deleted]
I wish gingers upon you
my ovaries, this picture makes them ache!
she is so cute!!
so cute! I wouldn't care if she'd "done it". XD
Your daughter's cuteness levels is way over 5000.
Thank you for not referring to her as 35 weeks old.
Haha! That is brilliant!
There is no doubt she did it. She's obviously guilty.
SO cute! Also, that's a nice quality photo; great lighting and everything. 
She's too cute.... Can't stop staring ... Must look away
This kid needs to be in an Anne Geddes photo. So adorable!
CUTE! :)
I mean this in the most non-creepy way possible: I want to steal her!
That is the cutest baby I have ever seen! Is she really only 8 months? So.... Much.... Hair
Well what's the problem? It's OBVIOUS  she didn't do it! 
Awe. Grinch face. 
Oh she totally did it! I can tell, I'm a student of humanity
After seeing that face I am convinced she didn't do it! What a cutey pie.
She's gorgeous and so adorable! .Also, you could have said she was two or three and I'd have believed you. She looks much older than 8 months!
Soooo cute!
Babies on r/aww are usually a letdown. She is an exception|
Adorable! I'd believe her
She's SO cute! I don't know how anyone can be upset with their kids when they do irritating things. My Dad used to say, "It's a good thing you're cute!"
OMG too cute! Sign her up to model
That face is guilty as hell.
OMG She's so adorable. :3. I want to hug her.
Can't decide if that facial expression is more Rudy Huxtable or more Olivia, two girls fond of making faces.
She is GORGEOUS!
Holy Jesus she is the cutest thing I have ever seen. 
Those eyes! Your daughter is hogging . of the cuteness!!
lol. adorable
She is adorable.
in all reality, she probably did do it
Or you gave her a lemon
Did she pour Cheerios all over your heart?
She's cute, but definitely looks older than 8 months! She looks like she could be at least a year and a half old. Maybe it's her facial expression.
Man these picture make me jealous that my 3 month old barely has any hair at all!
Incredibly happy after seeing the picture, then incredibly sad after reading (surprisingly quite a lot of) the disgusting comments in the post.
I want
Looks more like, "Yeah, I did that, what happens next!?"
Oh my goodness, she is so so cute!! 
That is a fantastic picture! She is gorgeous!
Lucy! You got some esplainin' to do...
No..... No, she didn't do it. A pwecious wittle angel like that would never do it, now gimme shome shuggah.
I call bullshit! She did it.
She is sooooooo cute!
She's learning woman
She is adorable.
Looks like she just got finished with a jello pudding pops commercial.
I think your daughter may be channelling a little bit of Kenan Thompson!
Our daughters could be best friends with all their hair! 
That's so Raven.
She is the cutesy thing! I can only imagine that her personality is equally as adorable!
She is just precious! 
Oh my, what a cutie!!
Cute now.  .At 18, not so much!
camera? lens? adorable
Too cute, she looks just like my little cousin :)
Beautiful! Enjoy it. They grow up to be .!
She is the cutest! And those curls are amazing!
Aww, she's so adorable!
She's only 8 months??
um, are you taking applications for grandparents?
That's her "I'm so frikin' cute that even if I did do it, I'm still on the front page of r/aww.".So, OP, does she have an agent yet?
What a beautiful child. Seriously. 
"I've made a huge mistake." 
So, what's with all the kids the last few days? .It's a weird shift around here. I don't really care for it.
It's summer. They'll be gone back to school in a month or so.
Yummy ! I want to steal her nosie :)
Lets hope it stays the same through her teenage years. "I didn't wreck the car, daddy!"
back to 
meh
I have to say, (in a non-creepy way) that is one cute little girl you have there!
Nobody thinks it's creepy in this context.
Curious why he thinks it might be though...
She is so cute! What a little angel (despite the obvious guilty face)!
Mind sharing what camera/lens you used? 
Her eyes look like something out of a Disney movie. How precious!
That beautiful child has never done anything wrong ever in her entire life!!!
ITT: 13 year olds who think they're being edgy by saying racist things about a baby
what didn't she do?
download a bear
well, i can't prove otherwise
Nothing. She did nothing. Can't you see?
I hate pictures of children. .This one? I don't hate. .Very cute. :> 
I rarely give upvotes on r/aww, because I'm a cold-hearted bitch.  But, this is way too cute for words. 
Wow, what a cutie!.Thanks for the post - made me smile.
What a total cutie, thanks for posting that! 
Usually I think babies are ugly, but she's actually adorable.
What a cutie! Love her outfit!! (Also, I never understood the hate on cute babies on aww. Why are puppies and kittens okay but not kids in overalls?)
Mainly because when people post their kids, they're not all that cute.  Everyone who's a parent thinks their son or daughter is adorable and kind of loses the objectivity about it.  They just see it through their guise of loving the kids..This girl is objectively cute.
He's probably using his backup rig because his EOS-1Ds Mark III was mysteriously broken by someone unknown.
Ni!!
Meh.
[deleted]
EW, you're an asshole. 
Shut up you idiot
The ignorance and hate is strong in this one.
I awwed! She's so cute!
[deleted]
Sure!  Nikon D90 w/ Sigma 18-50mm f/2.8, and a SB-28 speedlight set on manual.  Shot at full 50mm, f/4, 1/200 sec, ISO 400.
[deleted]
If you hate children so much why click on a photo of one, and ten proceed to comment on said photo. Just ignore the photo and move on.
It's strange that this community which avidly discourages the posting of children embraces this post.
but she's so cute! can't we keep just her, pretty please?
[deleted]
[deleted]
[deleted]
It's good that you're getting downvoted, I just wish reddit would downvote all racism, not just the kind that makes them feel better to downvote.
It's a cuckold joke, how is it racist?  Racial maybe but not racist.
so it's just impossible for a black person to be on reddit to you?

looks like i'm done here.
Bye.
Your eight month old has so much more hair than my seven month old!
Hell she has way more hair then my 9 month old daughter.
I'd say she's at least 2 years old. Did you feed her growth hormone, or maybe kryptonite?
gmo baby 
African baby. Walk sooner, grow faster, more hair.
Wouldn't kryptonite just make her radioactive?
Why does a 8 month old toddler need, what seems to be pierced, earings? 
Why should an 8-month-old not have pierced ears? 
Because they are not old enough to know if they will want holes in their ears when they are older.  My father-in-law said that his girls would not get pierced ears until they were old enough to decide for themselves. (Not because he thinks it is wrong.)  My wife's ears still are not pierced to this day. I respect him for that.
and they can heal....Honestly parents make a lot of choices for their kids at that age. One that is reversible is pretty low on my list of things to worry about.
My mom had my ears pierced when I was even younger than that; 6mos, I think. In the scope of things I'd gone though it was pretty minor, and saved me the pain when I'd be old enough to remember it. [of course, now I have a lot more in my ears now; gateway drug?] 
Tl;dr: my mom did it, no regrets.
Edit:spelling
I don't mind it because they can heal,  but it's arguable that they didn't get a choice. 
Not sure why you are being downvoted (classic), I'm wondering the same thing. Is this some kind of cultural thing? I would dare say where I live it'd be frowned upon to mutilate (pardon me) a human being without their consent. .Just as a side note, circumcision here is illegal, unless medical reasons exist. Northern Europe.
In some countries they pierced the girls at the hospital when they are born
Yep, I've had my ears pierced for as long as I can remember. I think it's dangerous though
I think it's better, I've had mine pierced since I was born. Honestly I couldn't do it now.. I have severe panic attacks with needles... 
I read it as "Apparently this is my 8 month old daughter. Uhm i didn't do it." I got confused and read it again.
I'm really glad I'm not the only one
I bet it doubles as her "I hope I'm cute enough to get away with it" face. (She sure is!) 
She's definitely going to be a charmer.
That is the cutest kid I have ever seen in my life. After going to a zoo the past week, I decided not to have kids for a while. But seeing this picture now I want kids. My boyfriend is sure to send you an angry PM later.
This is how I feel all the time when I see cute kids at the park or wherever. Then I get on the bus home and there are 4 of them screaming in 7 different pitch and volume variations and think 'No thanks'.
I have these feels too. /girl here. At an advertising conference that was all about the fact that there are very few women at the top in advertising firms, I realized that if $ were not an issue for my husband and I and if I were really honest with myself, I realized that I really do want kids and I don't particularly want to fight my way to art director while having them.  
She is so beautiful. Those are Disney princess eyes
Put her in a flowing blue gown and give her a tiara and she could just step into a Disney movie.
  I finally made the front page!!.I'm going to excitedly explain this milestone to my wife and daughter who will look at me funny and absolutely not care!!!. Oh, and THANK YOU ALL!!!
I dream of one day getting to the front page with a picture of my daughter. 9_9 That would be so cool.
You go, OP! Give a hug to your daughter from all of us at Reddit. Cause she is stinkin' cute. 
that is really cute. Ovaries, please stop!
easy way to stop the ovaries is to think of how she will be as a pre-teen, teenager, and how she will live in your house forever blaming you for her crappy life.
yeah thank you :) I am okay now 
Glad you liked my comment too bad most other people did not (DV). As a parent and a former teacher it irks me that when people think of having kids they think babies not the age that you will most likely have the hardest time with offspring.  Babies are waaaaaaaayyyy easier then any age over 10.
yeah, I remember how I was with 14. and guessing my kid would be roughly the same . . . oh boy. no thank you
think overpopulation
ovarypopulation*
Every human on earth could fit inside Texas. .Shush. 
Think on this:  by limiting the breeding group to those too stupid or too much of an asshole to care about over-population, you will not avoid overpopulation.  Religious people and scumbag stacey/steves will more than make up for intelligent and thoughtful people denying themselves children.   Instead, you will simply end up with an overpopulated world filled with the children of scumbags and the insanely religious.
that is right. This always remind me of that movie where the whole world have become an diocracy" . I honestly think that compassionate sensible people do not have kids, while selfish uneducated ignorants keep multiplicating.
Take my work mate as an example. She is a self absorved person who keeps wasting tones of paper, ink, does not recycle a thing and eats tones of meat. She has 3 kids.
I am superconciose with waste and environment and I do not have kids.
Lets look at 20 years down the line and you will have 3 more people in the world completly unaware about environment and who will keep mindlessly breeding.
Relevant: 
Seems to be something of a straw man.  I'm not advocating that controls be put on anyone's breeding.  Rather, I'm suggesting that intelligent mature people do not remove themselves from the genepool out of some misguided notion of population control..What's more, the implicit fulfillment of godwin's law has been noted..Apparently that comic author puts about as much effort into his arguments as he does into his artwork.
Well, you just scare the bejesus out of me (not sure of the spelling of bejesus, but, hey...)
While true, I'm not going to have a kid just to balance out the crazies having kids.
No, that would be a pretty rotten reason to have a child.   But if "population control" is the only thing holding you back, that's pretty sad too.   
Someone has seen Idiocracy. 
The words of the seer known as Mike Judge, you mean.
Well, America's actually really underpopulated for its size. .Fear not American women; it's perfectly fine for your ovaries to be bursting looking at this photo! 
Thank you for someone actually saying that.  People always think of overpopulation as just this one number which if the . population goes over, we're . doomed.  Over-population is really only a problem in certain countries and cities in the world.  The US has plenty of room to spread out.
I don't think I would say that we are underpopulated, because I doubt such a thing even exists.
Relatively speaking, of course - - neither 'over' or 'under' population are hard and true limits..I suppose there are parts of rural India that are 'underpopulated' in relation to Manhattan, despite India being much more populated than the U.S. overall.
Yeah, you'll just need to ship your kid off to Wyoming is all!
Overpopulation has a definition: more people than can be sustainably supported by the environment. Calculating this exact number is not easy, but the number exists..If underpopulation had a definition, it would probably be where the genetic diversity in a population is too low for the population to sustain itself. You cannot really say that humans are underpopulated anywhere..Also, by the first definition, parts of America could be considered overpopulated for our current resource consumption rates.
But what's "sustainably" and what's "supported"? .I would say most Americans would . consider the quality of life in Dharavi, Mumbai, India to be one that they would live under, and yet literal millions of Indians do.
If resource usage per person * number of people > environmental capacity, then you have overpopulation..India has low resource usage per person but a lot of people. US has high resource usage per person, but fewer people. 
RIght, and I'd argue that the U.S. is locally underpopulated with your definition, considering there are vast, vast quantities of land with 0 people and our society is perfectly capable of supporting many, many more people considering our excess of consumption available to an individual.
You aren't intelligent enough for this conversation.

there we go again. Are you all brain washed? No it is not ok, because any kid in US produces thousands of tones of waste, resources, etc than do 100 kids in Africa. So no, its not ok.
And dont come back to me with the bullshit that whites are fine to breed more and blacks are not.
wtf is wrong with you? 
racists like you, that is what is wrong
Dude..The continental United States just has a lot of area --  compared to other countries of similar size like India and China which are perfectly capable of  supporting over a billion people each, the U.S. has a population of just over 300 million, hence, we're underpopulated in comparison..I think you're projecting some crazy guilt complex onto my comments, or else are an unimaginative troll.
Australia is underpopulated 
I also support Australian women feeling ovarian pangs. .Actually, I especially support this.
Right, is that why the immigration laws are savage?? Go away
Don't worry, we are balancing that out by making our people bigger.
There is the silver lining (read: excuse) we've been looking for!
She's totally adorable! :).Also, that "toothing necklace" is bunk science, and is more likely to cause strangulation than help, in any way, with toothing pains. I'd really recommend removing it.
Wow... TIL.  Thanks.  

We were recommended one by a family friend who swore by it and my daughter has been teething a few months and never shows any signs of discomfort related to her mouth..OP does need to buy the next size up however. I don't see how strangulation by teething necklace is any more of a risk than her choking on a random small object she finds around the house..In conclusion: It has worked great so far and I think you should let people decide for themselves instead of making them think they are just trying to murder their infant.
It literally has done nothing..And letting people decide for themselves means giving people all the information, so they can make an informed decision. In this case, those are fake-science BS meant to separate concerned and well-meaning parents from their money.
Have you tried it? I have. So it's your word about what you have read online and my word of real world application. Either way I don't care enough to even come back to this thread.
Googles "toothing necklace"...  Finds: .Holy crap that's a thing... Sigh..When you feel the need to say "I'm not lying", it's often because you're pretty much lying.  Suckering parents has to be right up there with peddling weight loss solutions..Insanely cute kid btw.
So buy our expensive nonsense, because it might relieve your child's pain.  C'mon, you said .!.  
That site is a couple flashing neon banners short of being a Geocities site...who the hell designed it?
Wow. So much hair for 8month old
are you sayin she look like a monkey?
Totally agree, it has the body and curls of a 10 month old.  OP has some explaining to do...
She was actually born with a full head of hair, and managed to not lose any of it.  Meanwhile, I think my follicles are dropping like flies
Black babies--almost always have lots of hair. My 1-year-old is fairly tall for her age and has been mistaken for a 2-year-old since she was about 9 months.
I'm white and had a full head of hair at 6 months old 
Some white babies have a lot of hair too.  While I was pretty bald most my infanthood (is that a word?), my sister came out of the womb with a full head of hair, lost it all, and then proceeded to still grow a crap ton of hair..She has the thickest hair of anyone I've ever seen, but it's straight so it looks about the same to my average thickness, but wavy, hair.
My great niece looks 2 years older than she is. So that makes her seem intellectually disabled. She looks 6 and is really 4. I keep looking at her and thinking " you are way too old to talk like a baby!"
Out of my mom's 3 kids I was the only one born with hair and we're black lok
My white daughter was bald until she was two. My friends twins (biracial) had full, thick heads of hair when they were born..Anecdotal evidence would suggest this is true. Also that bald white babies look like aliens. Big eyed, pale skinned, baldheaded adorable little aliens.
My daughter (who looks just like me) was born completely bald. My son, who looks like his dad of hispanic origin was born with a full head of hair and lanugo, which is soft hair all over his body..Anecdotal evidence here also suggests that dark babies have lots of hair.
I was a sick baby, my parents called me ET
I am biased, because my daughter is biracial, but damn those babies come out looking cute. And to think people are still prejudiced enough to get offended by a freaking .. I mean, look at that kid! Adorable!
Going by what my cousin looked like when she was born bald, most  white babies look like either an uncooked potato or Winston Churchill depending on the time of day.
Oh, that poor Winston Churchill baby!.I have a photo of my sister holding my daughter when she was a few months old... she looks like Mr. Burns in that one episode of the Simpsons.
I nearly died reading this. Nearly. Died.
Oh my god, she's so cute! She looks a little like Shirley Temple with her hair and the way she's sucking in her cheeks! 
Shirley temple with dog shit rubbed on her face maybe.
Aren't you a ray of sunshine?
[deleted]
yea encouraging lying is gonna raise one sweet kid thats for sure.....some people shouldnt be parents.....<.<
I'm gonna upvote you because I see what your account is about
[deleted]
hahaha
This is a proud moment in her childhood development.  I was so excited when my daughter first tried to cover something up..It means several things:.1)  She knows that something can be "wrong" and that there are "right" and "wrong" behaviors that guide other people's expectations of her..2)  She knows that you think about her (much as she thinks about you).3)  She knows that you can't see everything she does - she has figured out that you are not omniscient..4)  So, she knows that you can be tricked..5)  She is beginning to understand that you are tricked the same way that she is sometimes tricked - by expressions of innocence when guilt is the underlying feeling.  She is getting inside your head, and realizing that she thinks the way others think and vice versa..6)  She is reacting in the moment, putting all those concepts together in an effort to defend her actions..She is beginning to understand her interactions with other people to the point that she is psychoanalyzing them, and trying to manipulate them by trickery.  I find it to be a powerful sign of intelligence!.I remember the first time:  Once she started crawling, on a few occasions, my daughter was caught playing with an electric cord, and I told her "no".  I had tucked the cords behind things and tied them into bundles with velcro straps, run conduit on the baseboards, I tried so hard to keep her from them.  By the 4th or 5th time of her fishing a cord out from someplace, she knew it was wrong.  I would scold her sternly: "No!  No touching!".Then I walk in the room one day, and she's pulling a cord, trying to get it out from under some furniture.  She looks up at me, surprised ... and drops the cord like a hot potato, and starts playing with a small toy next to her.  She refused to look me in the eye.  She "played" with the toy next to her, but the way she played with it was so fake-assed it was hilarious..I was so proud I almost cried.  In fact, I think I might have cried a little bit.  I should have punished her that time with "No", like the other times, but the only thing I could say was: "OH!! ... I love you . much!"
Problem is, eventually they'll reach a stage when they actually learn how to trick you... and then you realize you're losing the battle.
bring out da belt
I had never thought so deeply about a simple act of disobedience. It was an interesting analysis. Thanks for sharing.  I can tell you really love your offspring. 
Read up on . for more cool factoids like this. I did research on the concept and how it relates to child development while I was in undergrad. Fascinating!.My favorite experiment, because it's so goddamn elegant:.A child is shown the following scenario. Bob puts an apple in a red basket in the kitchen and then leaves the room. Susan comes in and moves the apple from the red basket into the blue basket. Bob comes back into the room. What basket will he open to find the apple?.Kids under a certain age will say the blue basket. They can't project a false mental state onto Bob. Kids above a certain age will reliably say the red basket: they know that a false mental state exists in Bob's mind, because he did not see Susan move the apple..That's Theory of Mind in a nutshell. 
What?!?  Wait wait wait! .Do you mean my 1 year old daughter knows that I don't see everything???  I am doom, DOOM I TELL YA.
His daughter, not yours. You're cool until your daughter starts doing that.
Ohh,  She do that alright!  When I happen to see her do something she'is not suppose to do, I wait until she notice me, or take ma big voice and say her name loudly.  She then proceed to just leave everything and start doing something else like running, jumping, etc.  
It always annoys me when people treat kids like they're stupid. As you saw, they are NOT. Their powers of observation and reasoning are every bit as good as adults'...maybe better, because their minds are not clouded with preconceptions. The thing kids lack is .. THAT'S why they do dumb stuff, sometimes..I love to screw with their heads a bit, by "lying" to them - especially when they ask a question. Give them some off-the-wall answer, and then watch the wheels turn while they parse out what you said....nine times out of ten, they will call you on it.
I love being sarcastic with kids. Some get it and love it, some either don't or don't find it entertaining and then they leave me alone.
It can be kinda scary, actually!.I was pleased (and proud) to see that my son "got" parody and satire, even at a very young age.  One of his favorite books was .  It was a mashup/parody of a whole bunch of fairy tales. ( The Stinky Cheese Man was a parody of The Gingerbread Man....except he was made of stinky cheese, so no one . to catch him....).When he was a bit older, he went to see the Star Wars reissue. Then I told him, "ok, now you have to watch this...." and gave him Soaceballs. He got it - even some of the more subtle stuff like Spaceball One going by for five minutes.
This sounds like a good place for you: . 
The only reason I want a child is so I can watch his/her behavior and flourish him/her with love when a new stage has been reached. 
The only reason I want a child is so I can have a pet that learns how to talk. A talking pet! How awesome is that?.
On second thought, I should probably get a parakeet instead.
And imagine it goes on for more than 20 years.  Even job hirings and graduations.  Can't wait to feel proud. 
That's an excellent reason to want a child. 
Its an amazing experience, my friends think I'm crazy when I tell them stories like how poop came out the top of her diaper and I didn't know it and I got it all my over my arm, but I love every second of it, even the bad.
"You're such a cute little trickster you!"
Today was a first time my son (2) articulated that he had a nightmare.  He woke up crying and upset, and we finally got him to respond to what's wrong.  He said .. "the dinosaurs... jumping... and I got wet!" .This is the hardest part of being a parent of a youngling.  On the outside you have to be, "Oh no, son.  Well, you know it was just a dream.  You are OK - it wasn't real, see?" and stuff..But on the inside you're only saying "HAHAHAHAH ."
That's adorable..A little off topic, but my mom taught me a trick when I was little which I still use to deal with bad nightmares. If I came in crying, she'd assure me it was a dream, and then tell me to go back and change it. She'd pack me off to bed and I'd drift off imaging having a cannon to defeat the dinosaur, or magical powers to stop the water..It's surprisingly calming, and probably good for confidence too.
Good idea, I'm totally using this.
It works.  Is both empowering for the kids and helps them develop creative problem solving to boot.
18 downvotes? More like 18 jealous people with ugly children.
This kid is so cute that I didn't even give the post my customary children-downvote.
This is such a YouTube comment...
Sure is YouTube here
Or people who think . is for animals and not fucking people. fuck this guy and his stupid shit kid
And ugly souls.
[deleted]
objection, extremely racist!
yawn
So edgy 
The numbers you see aren't 100% accurate.  .The more active a comment/submission, the more whacky the votes look. 
Thanks YouTube. 
Get out.
[deleted]
You're trying too hard. It hurts.
Says the Third World American Redneck/Hillbilly ha! Go back to your shit shack you call a home. 
unless your kid has a tail, maybe try posting over at r/cutekids
That's racist!
I don't think he meant it that way.  Some people just think that r/aww should be just for animals and not kids--regardless of race.
I know he didn't, i'm just fishing for karma.
That's science!
Or 18 people who are already on facebook. Or just people like me who hate kids but come here for the animals.
Auto-downvote algorithim.
Then why do you click on links of children if you don't want to see them?
To read similar comments to my own and feel validated in life choices ;)
Ha! Proceed.
I don't understand why anyone would hate kids? we were once children ourselves. and not every child is a snot nose, spoiled, disrespectful brat. :(
In other words, because you're a Redditor.
Or 18 people that come here to avoid Facebook.
"Here" as in .? Because this is kind of exactly what this sub is for.
Sorry but not everyone thinks your kid is cute
You are seriously the worst kind of person.  Why does this exact mentality not apply to animals?  Why are you so bitter about innocent little children?  Why don't you go crawl back to . and be horrible there.
I was told there would be cats.
This one's a kitten.
In this thread?
probably r/childfree again. children are literally hitler, you know.
I didn't think they hated children that much?
Some do and some don't. It's just convenient to hate everyone as a whole in that group instead of realizing it's a place to vent, therefore it will be filled with some heated posts.
Some do, most don't. Like anything, the bad apples ruin the bunch. 
Or the same people who downvote pictures of cats and dogs. Everyone in r/childfree isn't a bitter child hater, contrary to popular opinion.
I still can't figure out if I am being trolled on that subreddit.  Are there really people who are so bitter about children, or is it a very clever circlejerk?
I just don't get the whole blanket thought process that "all kids are shitty kids". .I don't like shitty people but I know not all people are shitty. That said, . people used to be kids with parents and I . don't like shitty parents so I get annoyed with their, most often than not, also quite shitty (through no real fault of their own) kids. Yet I still know that not all kids are shitty - even when they have shitty parents..Some people, like with any hate or love, take things to an unhealthy passion. I think that sub has a good portion of people who have done that and never looked back plus a good portion of anonattitude. .Though, it also looks like a place to vent about shitty kid/shitty parent experiences and if you've ever worked in the service industry you've had at least a couple demon spawn encounters. I know I have.
Yes, yes there are people who are that bitter. I am sure some are trolls, too, though. .None of the "childfree" people I know are that . bitter in real life. 
Personally, I just don't understand the concept of talking about nothing but children and parents, even though you dislike (or in many cases .) children and parents.
We totally understand that others want kids and enjoy the magic of that experience. We just need a corner where we can bitch to each other every now and then. 
Exactly, just as there is a open place for people with kids to show off, we, people who're childfree need to vent and rant now and then also. So, that sub is a legitimate one.  
I don't know why but kids just annoy the ever living shit out of me and I'm completely aware that it's an irrational annoyance I have. Sure I was a kid once too, but even when I was a little girl I disliked babies. Knowing the kind of idiot things I did as a kid, I wouldn't like me if I were to meet little-me now. We'd hate each other probably. I want to like them, and sometimes I do, but most of the time I want to pull my hair out. Also, babies are gross. Drooly, smelly, and gross. I feel similarly about animals though too soooo... Guess I'm a piece of shit sociopath. (Except I'm very bias towards my nephew. He fucking rules.)
There are some who are bitter and just seem to hate children. But then there are some who just want a place to vent. Let's face it, not having kids is "weird" in most places and if I vented about EVERYONE in my family pressuring me to reproduce to my parents I wouldn't be taken seriously. I have found some great people in r/childfree who, like me, are just looking for like minded people.
As with most subreddits, it's probably a mix of both.
Not everyone likes your shitty kids. Real shocking. You don't understand how having to deal with someone else's noisy, rude, sticky kids could make you hate kids and not want to go through the pain and expense of squeezing one out and raising it?
And I don't like looking at a lot of ugly, obnoxious adults, but you don't see me forming a subreddit dedicated to how much I dislike dealing with them. I ignore them and move on. You would probably be well served to do the same with children.
I don't subscribe to that, I do however still have to shop in the same grocery stores these shitty parents let their shitty kids treat like a playground. Try ignoring that.
I don't have to try. I successfully ignore it all the time. Grocery stores, parks, pretty much any public place will be filled with shitty people of all ages. That's life. 
Not everyone likes you, but we still have to put up with your obnoxious whining and bigoted views. 
Bigoted? Please. It's always best to learn what the word means before throwing it around child..It means to be intolerant of differing races creeds or opinions. The fact that the meer mention of a differing opinion caused you to resort to pathetic name calling demonstrates that you're actually quite bigoted yourself.
I may be incorrect, but isn't a bigot someone who is blatantly intolerant of those who have different views of others? I thought the OP used it (semi)correctly. It may not be the best word to use in that situation, but it made sense (to me at least).
Nope thats exactly what it means.
I'll give you the first two but bigoted? 
Yup, Bigoted.
Describes you rather well too doesn't it?
Hrmm touche. TIL.
How? 
Shit, you can't even see it can you? Completely oblivious to your own reactions.

I know the meaning, but I think you do not..And I think you saying:.Is name calling as well my dear watson.
I already quoted the definition, the fact your found one to conveniently remove yourself from makes no difference. You still got hoisted by your own petard.
Sure thing. Sure thing old boy. 
A lady screamed in my face on the bus the other day because I didn't think her screaming child was as adorable as she did. It was a crowded bus, and she didn't even try to quiet her progeny, she just looked around the bus beaming like "isn't she just the cutest?" Nope. 
That's weird. Why did she scream at you, and what did she say?
She screamed at me because i mentioned that i had a migraine and that no one but their parents thinks that a screaming child is cute. These weren't upset screams, but screams for the sheer joy of screaming.  This child was plenty old enough for her parents to at least be teaching her that there are appropriate places to scream like that, and a crowded bus isn't one of them. I know I shouldn't have said anything, but I'd had enough. It's a freaking crowded public space, parent your freaking children. .What she said amounted to:  Expletive expletive expletive just 18 months old expletive expletive expletive break your other leg expletive expletive expletive don't tell me what to do expletive expletive expletive people like you shouldn't even be out of the house etc
I'm pretty sure others on that bus appreciated it. You said exactly what what I've thought on similar occasions..We can all understand when parents do their best to curtail their child's yelling, but the kid does it anyway... It's when they don't address it at all that adds to the problem..P.S. Thank you for the reply. :) I was curious what led to that point.
I don't know, 18 months is pretty young.  And a public bus isn't necessarily exactly a right to the quietest and most private transportation.  A situation like that with an 18 month you can.1) Try to distract with a quiet activity-  May or may not work but little consequence in trying..2) Talk sternly/ discipline  - escalation to louder noise is a likely outcome.or.3)  Wait 5 minutes , giving them neither positive or negative reinforcement, because they will be doing something else.  
The issue here was that the parent wasn't employing any of those techniques. She was providing plenty of positive reinforcement of the behaviour and was expecting everyone near her to do the same. .Again, these were not the screams of an upset child, or a child who wanted something, these were the screams of a child screaming for the sheer pleasure of it. That is not okay in a public space. Yes, you can't expect a bus to be silent or even quiet, but there is nothing wrong with expecting parents to be parents. There is nothing wrong with not wanting to listen to a kid scream at the top of their lungs just for the fun of it and there is nothing wrong with not thinking that a screaming child is adorable. .There is something wrong with screaming in someone's face, no matter what the circumstance. There is always something wrong with threatening people. 
That is pretty shitty
Exactly. Kids are loud, that's just kids, but some adults with children don't parent, and those children aren't magically going to learn appropriate behaviour. This woman (she was pretty young, maybe 20, if that) wasn't even trying, she literally expected everyone on the bus to think her kid was as cute as she did. To be honest, the kid was cute as a button, it was just the screaming that was off putting. 
I really don't know if you are joking with me right now. I need tone or facial expressions.  Curse this cold printed world we live in.
I imagine that subreddit is filled with people who have to deal with kids screaming and kicking their seats mid flight or work in a service industry where they are forced to hear shitty screaming kids all day. Just because you choose to procreate doesn't mean the rest of the world has to endorse it.
I have no idea. I get not wanting children. And I get the annoying pressure put on by society and family and friends to have children even after you've stated you aren't interested..What I don't understand is the hatred towards the child itself or the parents. To call them "spawn" or "breeders" just seems unnecessarily angry to me.
I'm probably not the best example of childfree and proud now, but I used to loathe and detest children. Then my sister had a nephew and he's recalibrated all my assumptions about them..That said, I'll never . children because I have... traits in my DNA that I don't want to risk passing on or magnifying. But back even when I hated them I never participated in "childfree" online communities -- back in that day, LiveJournal was the place to go for that and Reddit was just where nerds hung out to talk about Lisp. What I saw of those communities I didn't like. One prominent, positively-received post to such an LJ community was some twentysomething guy ranting all about how he went to great expense and meticulous, painstaking work to craft a costume to wear to his local bookstore's Harry Potter costume contest -- and lost to "some sprog" with a cheap costume his mom made..Dude..If a non-elite-hipster bookstore held the contest, it was probably for children. Don't get butthurt when they fail to recognize your awesome neckbeard prowess..After encountering that I decided that my decision not to have children was my own and no one else's. I won't keep it a secret, hence me posting about it here, but I won't craft a public online persona around it either.
I spend a good bit of time in . and rarely see this type of hatred. Very sorry if someone upset you at some point, but it's mostly people sharing common experiences and offering support/ validation that it's ok to not want kids since that idea is more often challenged than accepted by most of our families, peers, etc.
Nobody upset me. I realize they're the vocal minority. 
Exactly this. There are the people who are just spewing hatred and maybe they had a really bad experience that made them so angry... how do we know? But the majority I have found to be nice people who just don't want kids or don't like kids. Those qualities do not automatically make a person "bitter".
That is exactly what confuses me about it.  I never understood the 'anti-' groups that let what ever they are going against still dictate their time.  For instance, I'm an atheist, but I never spend time on . because it seems like you are always talking about religion.  You are still letting it control your free time and actions..It's also why I imagine so many of the hardcore anti-gay rights people end up getting outed for being gay.  They spend all their time thinking about gay people and their stupid, sexy bodies.
I have a friend who is very vocally atheist, listens to atheist podcasts, goes to atheist dinners to fraternize with other atheists, etc..She lives in Texas..In Texas as an atheist it's hard to find people like you, and make significant connections with others who share your perspectives and interests. Up here in the Boston metro area, you can afford to be quiet about your atheism because, assuming you have a brain, it's probably what all your friends are anyway. But in places like Texas, atheists have to work to find each other and that means signalling to one another through public fora such as Reddit.
It's a place to vent. If you don't need it, good for you, but sometimes you have people telling you that it's selfish to not want kids, that you must hate kids if you don't want your own, ect. and you need to rant. That's the place to do so.
You're still being a dick with derogatory language towards people who chose and enjoy a different life.
Oh I'm being a dick? I'm sorry, the irony here is just killing me. I am simply choosing a different life as well, and I am not the one using the derogatory language here.
Those terms are acceptable on r/childfree but they're not acceptable to me. I respect those who choose not to have children for altruistic reasons, and I have no problem with people who choose not to for selfish reasons..As a community you're not helping yourselves by using that kind of language.
People can use whatever kind of language they want to in that community. You just called me a dick without knowing a single thing about me. That's unacceptable to me. Practice what you preach.

I actually do hate kids, though. Most of them make me want to kick them, but I won't, because I know it's not really their fault, as their brains just aren't developed enough yet. Still, the behaviors irritate me to no end, especially the ones that randomly let out ear-bleeding screams for no fucking reason..Though I've kept this to myself for most of my life. It felt good to vent. Thanks, random internet person.
I have a love/hate relationship with kids. I love them 90% of the time when they're being adorable. The last 10% is them either them screaming or shitting their diapers. 
Just remember you were one of those screaming brats, and your parents (hopefully) didn't resort to kicking you. ;)
I would never kick a kid. And oddly enough, I actually made very little noise and was extremely compliant up until my teenage years..And yes, I am very aware that I had irritating behaviors. But that doesn't make them any less irritating.
There's nothing wrong with hating kids, in my opinion. I don't jump down someone's throat if they hate dogs, you can't help it if you just don't naturally like something. 
I'll bet she DID do it.
We're going to need OP to do some investigation; we need answers.


How could you tell?!
Don't go further down in the comments unless you want to be offended.
WOW I clicked on who I should hate and his comments still appear on his profile.  What kind of person posts things like that in r/aww???
People who say they are joking... But delete it. You don't delete jokes...
I didn't delete it, I got banned from posting, mods deleted it.
I, for one, believe her.  I mean c'mon, look at that face.  She is clearly innocent
[deleted]
Imbcile
This 2013, no one uses that word.  
Hey look at that, a downvote troll. Sorry, didn't notice before. I'll take my downvotes back. Don't worrie, I won't upvote you. I'll just nothing you, starting......... now!.Edit:a word
[deleted]
that's fucked up. lol
Quit with the profiling mr. zimmerman.
[deleted]
I'm sure you're a real badass among your 14 year old friends as you cruise around town on your bikes and drink deadly amounts of mt dew
And Funyuns Motherfucker!
I'm as white as white can be, but I know that these people are ridiculously insensitive.
[deleted]
Not overly sensitive, just normal.
Dude, you are unwelcome here.
[deleted]
This website is what . tailor it to be. Don't wanna see pictures of dicks? Then why are you going to spacedicks? Unsubscribe from the subreddits you don't like. There's weird shit on a lot of websites, but you don't . to look at it. Other people posting racist posts doesn't mean you can too.
That wasn't what I said at all. He said everyone down voting him was overly insensitive, which they aren't they are just normal for finding it rude, offensive and disrespectful. And who can blame them for not wanting to see racist remarks on a subreddit called 'aww'.
[deleted]
I really love how those that go out of their way to be "edgy", and offensive can't handle being told they're offensive.  And Reddit is not only for ignorant slurs and tired jokes from your bigoted grandpa, you also share this website with people that aren't trying to race each other to the bottom and are tired of racists like yourself claiming this site as your own and attempting to run people that don't find you "funny" off. 
[deleted]
That's bullshit and you fucking well know it. There are upvoted racist jokes from all sides all over the place on this site, but there's a time and a place and only an insensitive cockend retard would think that place is here. .Look up the word context before trotting out that line of reasoning again, you fucking moron.
Can I.. can I hug it?
Looks a bit like a mix of corgi and hamster in that picture
Is it just me or does the tennis ball seem too large to fit in the Corgi's mouth?
". I can make it float!"
Corgi, don't fall
Cute now, ugly as fuck later.
Yeah why the fuck would you save a possum. I dodge all animals while driving but try to hit them. Gross creatures. 
Why the Possum hate?
From the Richmond Animal Care and Control .:
Great story . . . good for Officer Miskovic and the rehab group. 
We always say "ugga mugga" when Eskimo kissing! 
YOU CAN HEAR THE BOOP!
Looks like Zuckerberg. 
So cute!!
...Erik?
cuteness overload.
I cannot handle the cuteness. My heart is exploding. 
I thought that was James Deen for a second. Had to take a second look.
French 1 song- "Bisou bisou D'eskimo" 

SO CUTE!
Aww, so damn cute! 
Men being kind and/or affectionate towards animals is a huge turn on. DO YOU HEAR ME MEN? 
I'm sorry, Inuit.
Kid is adorbs..But.Has anyone else noticed that his nose (and arguably his eyes/eyebrows and profile) look just like that of the dark knight killer?
Annnnd.... BITE.
I think my ovaries just exploded.
Gaaaaaayyyy
[deleted]
Eskimo kiss for Eskimo Bros. gross man.
This picture is, in fact, James Holmes. They gave him a kitten in jail as part of his rehabilitation.
Mmm.. Cutie
...Mahv?
go kiss a bitch . Fuck that cat
If by ovaries you mean sexy bits by stimuli overload, then me too!
Eskimooo!
better eskimo kiss than eskimo buddies amirite
I call bs :p
right!
This looks so much like my Shadow it's not even funny. I'm not used to seeing the white just on the chin like that. Here's what he looks like grown up:
This is the best way to share love with a kitty. My Carmen does this too, though I haven't figured out how to get pictures. My old kitty, Coco used to do it too.
They said this would happen if we let them legalize gay marriage!
Love a man who loves cats! Swoon.
ESKIMO!!!
Heres more of that cat. His name is Trooper.

classic kitten tail boner
This could also be on . 
So where's the after picture of kitty biting your nose? :)
WADE MCSHURLY BRADSHAW
I was expecting to see two Eskimos kissing 
You're gay bro? eat that pussy like a real man.
I know him
Bryan?
this is one of the most heart warming things i have ever seen in a while.
Bonus pic 
uhh wrong account?
I'm half Inupiat, and my mom always told me not to date any French girls.  When I asked why she said because they would be terrible at kissing.
Sorry if this is too personal but do you find the term Eskimo offensive? My parents always told me it was a racial slur growing up but I never really knew anyone to ask.
It is roughly akin to "Cracker"; mildly offensive but not fighting words or anything.
What are we supposed to use instead?
I am Inuit (which encompasses everyone that is thought of as "Eskimo") and more specifically, I am Inupiat.  Other Inuit in Alaska include Yupik.
Inuit/Inupiat/etc.
TIL
I'm a Canadian and I've always been told to call "Indians" First Nations or what they identify themselves as; Inuit, Haida, Metis, etc. (Or just First Nations, but the Inuit are pretty distinct.)
Aboriginal refer to First Nations, Metis, and Inuit..First Nations refer to treaty and status "Indians" (as per the Indian Act).Haida fall under the Status "Indian", and it goes further down then that. So Haida isn't quite on the same level as Metis and Inuit. 
Don't mind me, I'm just a random male redditor passing through.
Guy in pic = hot
I would call myself a lady dryer.
A guy friend and I were hanging out the other night and he saw a stray cat as we were walking to our cars. He tried to find it with me in the bushes calling "here kitty!" the whole time. I have never found anything sexier in my life...
Seriously, he is gorgeous. I want a photo series now.
Is it just me, or do girls on reddit have incredibly low standards?  I'm a straight guy, but he seems very average looking to me.
It's just you. First thought: dayyyum I would date this guy. Second: cute kitty..Source: ima woman.
I'm a dude and I think he's attractive based on his profile... no homo.
Everyone on reddit has low standards, look up any thread about 
He loves his kitten = FUCKINGHOT
Is it just me, or are straight guys on reddit completely clueless about what women find attractive?  I think he's adorable..It might just be the fact that he's with a cat, but he looks irresistibly snuggly to me. 

So this is a thing...
Is This The Subreddit Where Ladies Post Pics Of Attractive Cuddly Animals.? Becuase Then You Should Not Link That Here Becuase Te Cat In This Pic Is Obviously Not Hot, Just Look At That Forehead EW
EDIT: Grammer
who the fuck are you
The clones are attacking!
*Grammar
Why are you even bothering? 
Boop.

[deleted]
I wish I could sleep on a giant pile of my favorite food... >.>
[deleted]
It's not a complaint. Just information.
Teenage deer are the cutest
Human, help me get APPLES
Then he/she/it poops. EVERYWHERE.
by the time snow is on the ground he should have antlers.... she is very cute!
Those eyes!!! 
Please tell me you at least gave him an apple!
Holy shit that resolution scared the shit out of me.
Isn't this a female? What with the lack of antlers and all?
How do you know he was looking for apples?
I FUCKING LOVE COCAINE!!
When did Charlie Sheen get a deer?
How would you know he was looking for apples? 
My girlfriend's dad generally throws apples to the deer outside his house, especially when there's a couple feet of snow on the ground. When we saw the group of deer out there, we threw them a few apples, which fell through the snow. So he knew the apples were there, but he was looking for them.
How do you like them apples?
wow. this is lovely.
If anyone is wondering why OP knows that he was looking for apples, it's cause OP planted them apples.
No he wasn't.
She looks like an animated character with those curious eyes. 
Beautiful photo!
Thank you!
This could be late winter when antlers have been shed. Some bucks will lose antlers in december. .But yeah, looks like a doe to me
Hahaha sorry about that. I don't generally reduce my resolution unless I'm planning on selling the photos. This one's for all of you.
I miss my Gizmo. He was such a funny cat...
That's a good cat name that I've never heard of before.
He's checking for weak spots...
This reminds me of that episode of Louie when the kids bring back a bunch of ducklings to his apartment. Apparently they're a pain to take care of. 
aww
Aww bunnies!
Imagine someone unplugging the sink and one of them gets sucked into the drain and clogs it.

Are they different colors because they're different breeds? Or just female/male?
Duck soup, delicious!
They will probably all die due to your filthy and oily human hands. 
Duck ala Sink
As unlikely as that would be, it's doubly so because ducks poop like no other animal you'll ever see, it's basically an duck toilet with a swimming bidet.
Aww look at all of these potential rapists!
Melts a hard rock heart.
This totally made my day.
oh jeez ducks melt me.
They will grow up to be DELICIOUS.
duck melt.
After seeing a friend raise 2 ducks, I am AMAZED and confused at the lack of poop in this picture..Ducks poop CONSTANTLY, it is ridiculous 
Corkscrew penises!

Just a lil repost
Rubber ducks are more realistic than I remember.
Just a justy fucking justicar...
Duckling soup
:(
Quack quack, slurp slurp, YUMMMM
I didn't know chickens could swim!?
most importantly.. how do you get WARM water from the faucet?!
Duck pee.
I'm suddenly reminded of that old game with the ducks that moved in a circle and you'd pick them up one at a time. They had colored dots on the bottom and when you got three ducks with the same color, you won.
Just pkayed it with my niece last week . 
Benefits of living in a country :)
It wasn't a carnival game, it was a board game. All of the ducks were identical with the exception of a colored sticker on the bottom. It's been a long time since I played it..Edit: I found it. I was called "Lucky Ducks."

Hey! Did you know you have a sink full of baby ducks?
This belongs to . 
Had a baby duck growing up, it's really fun to bathe with them until they poop in your tub. 
Ps4 has really upped its game. 
Haha...nice. Duck games are best games.
aawwweee we raised those every year growing up. the worst is yet to come, but once they grow up, they get cute again.
My aunt used tp have some ducks and they were so fluffy. I love little duckies
Do they quack every time they crash?
I've always wondered why some ducklings are all yellow and some are yellow and brown/black. 
Genetics. 
This is the best worst answer ever
they quack nonstop
Do you have a short video clip of them? I really wanna see this. ;)
I second the video request.
They arent my ducks, but I know from expirience that ducks quack nonstop. I dont have a video for you guys but I do plan on getting some ducks of my own (and a pet fox too) sometime soon. Then I'l give you guys a video of my duckies
[deleted]
[deleted]
Whoops, at least part of it is hidden, now you have to guess.
Must be a different Carson cause I'm definately NOT a he. And really, these arent my ducks. But I honestly do plan to get some
Well I had a 50/50 shot at it, and I surprisingly know quite a few Carsons.
Male right? lol I know its a guys name. Loved that pic tho. Where do you go to do that

Bunch of baby ducks, send them to the moon.
They'll become alien ducks like the ones from Courage the Cowardly adog then.
Hahaaa duude, they imprinted on you!
Step Off! Step Off!
You don't want none-a THIS!
these ducks are toooo cool!
Finally, desegregated duck pools. Never thought I'd live to see the day.
Yellow and black go hand-in-hand. I do not see any white ducks uniting the three.
If I pick one up, will it have a number on the bottom?
And then you'll win a prize!! 
Here's your goldfish in a bag.
Place a rubber ducky with them and see if it shall be accepted into the group.
For science.
WOW - 15 for a wiener dog is pretty impressive. You're an awesome owner, OP!
open the window for that fine young man!
I, too, have a 15 year old doxie. He's pretty grey like yours. He's a bit of a grumpy old man, pretty deaf, and slow. But he can still run like a bullet when it's time for food!
bichons are the greatest
"Mother, he thinks he's people again"
-Archer

I know a dog who looks just like this with the same name. Do you like outside Philadelphia?
Hahaha I had a toy poodle years ago and she used to do the same thing! Love it! Brings back good memories
Bichon?
Yep!
I, too, have a Bichon named Maggie.
Awesome! Aren't they the best?
They're pretty cute. Yours is so clean! How'd you keep away the tears? 
A  Product called Angels Eyes. It's great!
And that's okay. :)
Pfft.. Maggie. What a fitting name.

Maggie and the Ferocious Beast in Nowhere Land
To Nowhere Land
Come along if you can
Hey ho
Come on, let's go
To Nowhere Land
With Maggie and the Ferocious Beast
Bitchin frizzy
My family had a Bichon when I was a kid. Baggins. He was a great dog from a great breed. He too thought he was people. Had us convinced.
Sorry, noob here, replied in the wrong place.
Every fucking day...
adorable!  question... I happen to have a white beast that thinks she is people, too... how do you keep the tear stains away?  I've heard terrible things about "angel eyes."  my little beast has THE WORST tear stains... I've tried giving her distilled water, and she eats food that is borderline better than what I'm eating, with no dyes in it.  Any advice??
By the way, our vet said distilled water is bad because it leaves the dog with a mineral deficiency.
I was going to ask the same thing!
Ill see you on the front page!
AWWW! Bichons are the best! I have a 7 year old Bichon and am in the market to get another one in the next year. They are just...the best. My bichon is a spoiled rotten brat, but he's also the sweetest funniest pup ever. 
I've had bichons for 15 yrs. Would not have any other breed. 
They really are the best.
Most people don't eat their own shit, then vomit it back up and eat it again..Just saying, is all.
But then, there's you. 
Silly Maggie, you're not people.
haha
look at that smug look on her face...what a bitch..literally ;D
I think so, they have such animated faces. 
Call me crazy, but I think you're awesome. .Speaking of crazy, did you ear about Lloyd Braun?
Silly human, you sleep down there, next to the bed! 
You should post in r/bichonfrise - they would like Maggie there.
You need to brush her back from the plate right fricking now!
Archer reference. Hah
Soylent Green is people
anthropomorphic pet+Archer quote= guaranteed karma 
There was a commercial a while back for dog food.. the dog looked just like that and was named Maggie. Weird...
Lana! Look, he think's he's people!
This animal has an oddly human look on her face.
I agree. Very creepy eyes
I would consider killing a human being for her. You don't want to know what my eyes look like. 
Ladies and gents it seems we've got another sociopath right here on reddit!
Bichons tend to do that - I have a labradoodle now and they both make very human facial expression at me all the time. .(btw both breeds are highly intelligent)
Maybe most, but my Bichon is borderline retarded
Hahaha. So is mine. I often tell her that she'll all that's wrong with society: she's fucking stupid, but it doesn't matter since she is soooo pretty!
I have a bichon and I've found that he's actually not stupid, just really really stubborn.  Bichons are listed pretty low on the dog breed intelligence scale, and I think being stubborn has a lot to do with that.  
I was king of kidding in my previous comment. She trolls and manipulates me all the time, so I guess she is kinda smart. Or I'm the really dumb one!
I bet the sheep shrunk a bit. Wool always shrinks when it gets wet. 
Plot twist- So they can have sex with it.
Damn it sheep! You're not a dolphin
This is old, not from Noway. Believe it was somewhere in UK.
This again.
Girlfriend. Ftfy.
Philosopher1976 reposting months late.
Are you sure this isn't the Norwegian version of The Notebook? 
Last fram: MaF
This will front page Immediately. 
It already did front page a while ago. Still, nice to see it again.
Then they fucked it.
You sure they aren't Welsh?
I like this version better:
So...they have a new stage prop for their black metal show on the weekend.
Looking at this backwards is really quite disturbing. 
The sheep thought he was going bungee jumping off of an old bridge. Little did he know...
What's the back-story? 

Now they are going to fuck it.
 Wales.
One guy saves a lamb, the other guy saves a guy, the last guy saves the moment!
Caption for the last photo. "K thanks guys, just gonna head off now.....K bye."
(goat not a sheep, I know but you get the picture)
I can't get over that second to last picture of the sheep..
"aww man. I am so hungover."
"Dinner!"
Brining keeps moisture in the meat.
Rescuing sheep? More like catching dinner.
I've been here I think .. I love Norway 
only in Norway
The sheep looks so happy and thankful!
Which one is the guy who thought he was bungee jumping?
Cool repost dude. You cut out the part at the end where they BBQ the lamb.
Ewe would have to regain some faith in humanity after seeing this
You are going to get lambasted for this...
They're so good-looking. I wanna move to Norway now. 
Once upon a time,.Two Norwegian guys see a sheep in the ocean..Two Norwegian guys rescue a sheep from the ocean..The end.
You forgot the epilogue:.And their tale lived on forever through reposts on Reddit.
Once upon a time,.Two Norwegian guys see a sheep in the ocean..Two Norwegian guys think to themselves "dang, that's the only pussy for 500 miles!".Two Norwegian guys rescue a sheep from the ocean..The end... ?.FTFY
They aren't Welsh.
Well, that's just plain racist of you!
You should try New Zealand, the sheep there are pretty hot too, and plentiful. 
I'm pretty sure this is a reddit scoby-doo
Huh... the ole reddit swi-... like I give a fuck anymore
With that beard and chest hair who wouldn't.
Until you tried to pull your /u/ on him
I did not know Vincent Van Gogh had a cat?!....or a camera
Is he sleeping or squinting his eyes from all that ginger?
Holy crap that's cute!

I see your kitty sleeping in a shirt and raise you a puppy sleeping in a sweater
 
Hilmar?
I love those Carhartt shirts!

Hairy chest reminds him of his mamma.
Not the downblouse I was hoping for. Cute kitty.
Bae caught me slippin doe
Don't blame him, looks warm. 
I'd like to sleep in your shirt. 
My cat still likes that today... at least he tries to, since he's 4 years old and weights 5 kilogramms... but usually it's quite funny when he tries :)
 
Russian Blue?!??! :)
Tyler..? From rsd? 
Carhartt, he has good taste
Damn I need me some Carhartt shirts.
warm and fuzzy ... and the kitten too
Funny my bird does that.... and still does that.
YOU DO NOT HAVE BOOBS. WHY ARE YOU IN MY FEED?
Didn't he ever sleep...between two ferns? 
Too bad he didn't suffocate. 
Well at least one soul is in this picture.
Yeah, I would have killed to be that cat.
As a bi female who was hoping for/expecting boobs but got beard instead... not sure if disappointed or not. 
If OP was a girl he would be getting shit on so hard right now for including his boobs in the picture. 
I have such ladyboner for ginger men... Are you tall by chance? 
I do like your chest beard, sir. Very manly.
I'd like to sleep in your shirt.
.... I'm not short?
Haha sorry, I'm just into tall redheaded men. But I'm super short so any height above 5'6 is tall for me :) I'm only 4'10.
I really hope you're a big gay bear! 
I feel like i need to see this mans face... or everything
How did I know this comment would be here?
OP's username perhaps?
Because it was meant to be. Cuddles meow!
First thought: .Second thought: .Third thought: .Checks user name. 
Do you think you two might be a perfect match, .?
Baaaaazing! 
No, Dan from Kansas city.
Damn dude,u look alot like someone I know...and being ginger, that's rare to say
Ice cream! 
Dan Dan the cheerleading man?.p.s sooooo cutttteeee I can't take it.
Dan!
Dan's for life!
Ginger beard? Into anal romance? Ohh I need new panties!
...One of those things is not like the other...
To be fair, it looks might cozy in there
That's a glorious ginger beard you have, my friend.
Thats because your fur felt much like mommy's.
My reddit name has never been more relevant.
I hope op's name isn't relevant to the picture.
This made me laugh more than I care to admit.
it's dead
Ha! Rigor mortis is so funny.
Why did I just watch this 8 times in a row?
Who replaced the kitten's limbs with pipe cleaners?
Robot kitty, activate.
Hey! That's my kitten!
GUYS! .HE'S WEARING SUSPENDERS!!
Twist the cats dead.
Zero fucks given.
Awwwwwww! No matter how many times I've seen this, I always upvote.
This should loop forward and backwards
that's the phase I'd like to call "cat yoga time established!"
The best part is the end, where his arms spring back up!
There must be a [Reset Kitten Position] button
People are making fun of the way I grin now. I can't help it. It's so cute how they just pop back!
Excuse me, but what are you trying to do with this sentence
Listening to techno + watching this = cat doing the robot.
Aww!! .On a . darker note, look up images of .atonic schizophrenia, relevant on two levels.
Because a cat that cooperative is like witnessing a miracle.
I know I thought the Amish didnt like being filmed
One could say hes...catatonic <(o-o<)
That's very ameowsing. 
These puns are purrfect
You got to be kitten me right now.
Two words: cat bong
I have a cat named pepper as well. props bro I hope everything works out for your pepper! (:
Sufjan Stevens' label Asthmatic Kitty makes more sense...
kitty smoking muscle pack!
There is no way you can get a cat to coordinate using an MDI.
Feed your cat better food. It may cost more, but in the long run they will be healthier so cheaper vet bills will result. Our female cat had asthma, and our male cat was having urine issues which both resolved when we switched to more "real" foods. 
Omg...i have a cat named pepper, and he looks just like ur pepper :D im so happy now 
My cat has the exact same coat.
Come on baby! Pepper needs a fix!
I have a very similar looking cat that is also named Pepper except it's a he and he doesn't have asthma. 
This looks an awful lot like the cat that sneaks into my house to hang out with me. Same name too. Does he have ridiculously green eyes?
I started using this on my kitty recently. He had a pretty bad attack a few weeks ago and had to go to the ER Vet and stay the night. He's not pleased with his new accessory. 
Hey, my cat's name is Pepper too! She doesn't have asthma though, that sucks :(
cute feels
Holy crap - I had no idea my cat's been having asthma attacks! She's 13. I feel so awful now. Calling the vet in the AM. 
My family has horses. I grew up with asthma but thankfully grew out of it. .One of our horses developed heaves (basically asthma in horses) and had a really tough time. We ended up strapping my nebulizer to the wall in the cleanup stall and would lead him I'm and jam the end of the nebulizer up his nose. After maybe 3-4 times, we didn't even have to lead him in. I'd just open the door and he'd walk by my side straight up to the machine..He definitely knew it was helping and you could almost see the relief in his face during the 5 or so minute treatment. Horses can be cool. 
This pepper spray makes your eyes water from the feels. The other kind just burns. 
I had to use this same setup when I was a kid. It is kinda cool looking... I guess...
How can you tell when she's having an attack?  Seems like you'd have to be right there, as she wouldn't have the ability to make a fuss.
This cat needs a hat
I use to have a cat named pepper, and that is adorable. 
I feel so bad for Pepper, I have asthma my self and its a horrible feeling not been able to breath right, its gotta be worst for an animal who really cant do anything to help themselves.  Thank God you found Pepper!
They use spacers like that on asthmatic toddlers too (except with a human mask, of course).
This is both terrible and cute
I recently found out that my cat has asthma.  What type of inhaler do you use and how much is it? 
My cat has attacks about once or twice a month. They last for 45 seconds to 2 minutes and he is coughing, so still breathing. What kind of symptoms told you this was a bad attack? I worry I won't recognize it if he has a life threatening one...
oh for fucksake
I'm glad third world countries don't have computers to see this. This is why they hate our freedom
"Kill me"
Mine has been fed raw good his whole life and still has asthma so unfortunately that didn't work for me..edit* I'm still glad I feed him raw, I know it's good for him.
Is he fucking allergic to cat?!
You got fucking ripped off.  Cats don't suffer from asthma, stupid.  Now you both look dumb.
How bad is the asthma? There are other treatments besides an inhaler...
It comes up every 2 months or so. Went to the vet and got an anti-inflammatory shot but was informed there could be long term health issues. I also changed from regular litter to pellets to see if dust was an issue. 
Yeah, my vet seems to think it's fine to continue the shots indefinitely but it worries me. He says cat's tolerate the shots very well and that some of the longest living kitties he's cared for have been on cortisone...I just don't know what would be a better alternative. I wish I didn't have to worry about this! I love my little guy...
No kidding! Well I guess I can get a cat sized hamster ball and see if that protects my guy from dust and allergens. Best of luck to you and your little guy. 
jesus christ, its a fucking cat. put it down ffs. 
that cat needs to take his bong to 
That's why the aerochamber is on there
He was on his side barely breathing, wouldn't move even for food. Started rasping and coughing. This was his first ever attack and I had no medicine for him. Had to be put in an oxygen tank and given several shots of steroids. He now has the aero kat and 2 inhalers. 
sounds scary! I'm glad you were right there <3
I wasn't actually. I got home in the evening and found him like that. Took him straight to the ER. He's been attached to my butt since then. 
Aww poor baby! Is he an indoor kitty?
Yea, never goes outside. We have no idea what set it off either. 
When animals need to die.
I'd kick her. 
ohh brother. 
This is the whitest thing I have ever seen
sounds like coughing up a hairball, with no hairball....
sucks to suck
My cat had asthma... take her off grain. 
I now give her blue buffalo grain free dry food. She improved 1000%. 
I put our cats on grain free and one of them developed kidney problems from too much protein. Nothing is a silver bullet.
Agreed nothing is a silver bullett. I don't think I said that at all. I have 3 cats and all of them are remarkably heathier. However my cats have a fenced in large back yard to run in And I spend at least an hour each day playing with them. So in my case the protin is good. Plus they get a mix of high and low protein food. (Wilderness /evo)
[deleted]
FUCK YOU. Every living being deserves a chance. Oprah is a fucking billionaire and all she does is give cars to fat white bitches in her audience that can afford to fly to Chicago!!!!! EAT SHIT Keep up the good work Stroker
So what happens when you leave the house?
Only a fucking cat would be lazy enough to need an inhaler...
Can we start an ashtmacat subreddit?? I feel so much better just hearing everyone elses stories and knowing other people are dealing with this!
Your vet is scamming you.
I agree with you
WTF
Good to know your cat is getting the care millions of Americans need. 
Of all the stupid things... Just let nature take its course 
Should they do that with people too?
Retarded ones .Edit: joke aside comparing cats need for medical attention to humans is retarded.  
Survival of the fittest? 
Asthmatics are usually allergic to cats. Is she allergic to cats?
ohhh i had a cut that would love using my mom nebulizer 
an animal with asthma? haha.wow. i guess we really have altered natural selection. 
Hey I have a cat named pepper too!
Im going to get downvoted....I just find it hard to spend cash on animals with "issues". Once upon a time, i worked two jobs to support my family, and to get a PC upgrade. All was well, until it was discovered, that one of our ferrets had a food allergy. After $800 in medical bills, we were told what to feed it, and it lived for many years after. What was i supposed to do? My ex-wife and 2 daughters were crying when the damn thing was not doing well. .I guess im still bitter. The damn weasel lived a full life. Yea, im still bitter.
Totally thought that was a breast pump at first.
I've got to ask, is she allergic to .?
Pepper spray
Pepper needs a .22 treatment. You can get another free cat. 
Our boy Rex has asthma. I feel so bad when he has an attack, but at least he lets my SIL give him his inhaler without panicking anymore.
Awww such a cutie. I have asthma too! We are asthma buddies.
You have to be shitting me. What's next, a cat with autism?
Ha! I too have a cat named Pepper, it's short for Pepper Steak.  Poor kitty though, I feel bad for your Pepper.  Good she has awesome parents. 
You should have let the cat die.
Where I'm from, they call that a dead cat.
I use the aerokat! I buy my inhalers from 4 corners pharmacy. My cat is on max dose of 2 puffs BID of flovent and 1 puff of serevent. He has horrible asthma but this controls it. Make sure you wipe his nose and mouth with a wet paper towel after each dose. My cat is losing hair around his mouth and his nose is turning black. It's a noted side effect with larger doses. 
Yes, 4 corners is the best! My Carlo had lost some hair around his nose but it's better than him suffocating!
One of my cats used to wheeze a whole lot. She'd be asleep, and you could hear her wheezing if it was quiet enough in the room. I don't recall her doing it recently though, so she might've grown out of it. I don't think it was too serious..That same cat does has an overactive thyroid or something (I think that's it at least). She metabolizes too quickly, and as a result is super skinny (7-8 lbs.), so she gets a pill every morning.
My cat just got diagnosed and is currently on steroids to help him breathe. It's awesome to know my Sharky has other reddit cats to sympathize with! 
You have a lil' Darth Pepper.
Thank you for being a great kitty owner.  We have one kitty who is in remission from cancer.  He gets fluids 2x a day and is such a champ getting a needle stuck in him so often.  Our other guy has seizures and gets a pill 3x a day.  Dude LOVES getting pills; such a weirdo. 
Everything is  more cute when it's cat sized!
I seriously needed that pic as a kid. It would have made taking the human version less scarry if I could kitty was taking one too. 
I dont know why this has annoyed me as much as it has. Im an asthmatic and im extremely allergic to all animal fur cats are the worst. If i spend too much time around a cat, pet it or hold one i will more than likely have an attack, and now i see that cats can get it too. .I wouldn't wish asthma on anyone, its shit.
I didn't even know cats could have asthma. That's sad. Attacks scare the shit out of me and I know what's happening. 
My dog has chronic bronchitis. We have to use this on her once in the morning and once at night. Although pretty expensive, it's the only thing that fully stops her coughing. I wish you cat a long and healthy life. C:
We're about to start our cat on the Aerokat, she's obviously in need of a better fix than a shot every 6 weeks or so. Our vet recommended that in order to get her used to the inhaler we start feeding her in a 2-litre pop bottle cut in half, so she's not shy of putting her face into things. I'd very much appreciate some tips on getting cheaper drugs, we have a good prescription plan for people, but inhalants for cats aren't covered by any means and this stuff is REALLY quite pricey if you have a young cat and are looking at years of shelling out cash :( .thanks for a lot of useful information, it sucks to have a cat you know is gimpy but awesome, snoogly and cool in every way.
This website has . for cheap. .Cat asthma uses same stuff (albuterol is the main ingredient). .If they don't deliver to your location, check out .. Make sure to get either ventolin or albulterol (same thing). 
My cat Kevin gets shots as well. Can I ask why it isn't working well for you? My vet says he uses the smallest amount of human grade cortisone and that cats tolerate it very well. It lasts about 6 weeks for us too before he'll get another attack. I hate the idea of giving him shots for the rest of his life, but I've heard the inhalers can cause lung irritation which freaked me out since that's what it's supposed to fix!
I'd rather do the shots, quick and easy and relatively cheap, (plus our vet is hot, I'd love to have an excuse to see him every 6 weeks lol) but with our McWheezie they wear off in about 10 days to 2 weeks! The longest she went without incident was 14 days and the vet said he'd recommend no more than a shot a month, so that leaves her in discomfort for 2 weeks every 2 weeks :(  vet mentioned that this sometimes happens, that normally they're supposed to last 6 weeks, we just have an abnormal cat I guess. 
Ugh, sorry to hear that! Yeah the shots seem like the most no fuss route. However, your kitty is lucky that you're doing whatever necessary to keep her comfy! Asthma sucks! I'm trying to research natural ways to help him with the allergies and inflammation that are causing it. Hope I can figure something out...
actually I've kept a spreadsheet of times and areas where she has had the most problems in an approx 3 month span (yep, anal like that) and found her most frequent attacks happen in 2 places, between 2 and 8 in the morning in our bedroom and in the afternoons under the desk where she likes to sleep on the warm computer. We have different carpeting in the bedroom plus lots of fabrics - matress, blackout drapes, comforters etc. so I suspect dust and dust mites are a big part of the problem. Nothing I can do about the carpet, we're not allowed to have hardwood, condo rules. I suppose I should vaccuum more... :( 
probably she'd do better if, instead of every time I write on the spreadsheet I replace it with vaccuuming. 
Yeah mine often has them between 2 and 8 in the morning as well, on our bed or just outside our french doors of the bedroom. Makes me wonder if he comes close to us on purpose when he has an attack since he's indoor/outdoor. But I did wonder if the down comfortor and or bedroom carpet has something to do with it. Maybe I have to vacuum more as well. double :(
we have a very thick down mattress topper, the only thing you can do for that regularly, other than dry cleaning, is to freeze it for 24 hours, that'll kill the dust mites, then beat it. If you have a chest freezer, maybe toss your comforter into a garbage bag and put in there for a while, see if that might help. 
That's like the gravity bong of cat inhaler spacers.  Ghetto as fuck.
ya do whatcha gotta do :D
My cat suffered from asthmatic bronchitis for years and has just recently outgrown it for no apparent reason. I had to give him prednisone (think that is the right name) and built him his own nebulizer chamber. His attacks were very severe at first a couple of times he stopped breathing completely but with meds he started to get it all under control. Over a couple of years we just dialed back his pill amounts until he just stopped needing them at all. Your little one still looks young so there should still be plenty of time to outgrow it all!
Would you mind giving more info on how you built the nebizer box? Was it quite expensive?
We just used a 10 gallon fish tank! 
*nebulizer
I took an old carrier of his and just built a plywood box around it just barely bigger leaving enough room for some foam to seal all the air gaps. The front had a place to hook the tube for the neb and the back had a fan to help circulate and suck the air out. It was pretty simple nothing fancy but it assured me he got a healthy dose of medicine. Trying to hold a neb in the face of an angry 20lb maine coon just wasn't going to happen.
Thanks for the info. I'm thinking of doing this for emergencies.
Used to work at a farm with a few horses that had to use inhalers.. The first few times were always interesting. A thousand pounds of nope.
is she allergic to cat hair?
No, she is allergic to humans.
OMG, my cat has asthma!! I've told the vet for years that he occasionally coughs, sounds like a hairball, but nothing comes up. He also has a hairball issue. But this makes so much sense. .So how serious is this? Do I need to get him an inhaler right away? These attacks are not very frequent, is it something that will get worse if we don't get him on something? My poor baby is a giant nerd, he has acne, allergies, and now asthma. I bet he probably needs glasses too.
Try switching to a species appropriate diet if you haven't already, make sure you are not using chemical cleaning products where he goes in the house. Don't smoke or light inscense, try a different litter. Also probiotics in his food or a tablespoon of yoghurt everyday. If he is still getting attacks try to video one of them and take him to the vet. My cat gets a shot of cortisone every 6 weeks and that works for him...
Asthma is apparently very common in Siamese cats. My old kitty Chester has asthma. I need to get him an Aerokat but I keep forgetting to. I'm happy to know I'm not alone with an asthmatic kitty!
I don't always upvote pictures of cats, but when I do, I share a medical condition with them..Is that inhaler the same as an albuterol inhaler a human would use?
This would make an excellent skeptical third world child meme
Breathe easy,asthma cat.
Sucks to your assmar.
When our cat, Brodie, started having asthma attacks the vet put him on a long run of low dose steroids. We were told that if after tapering off the steroids the asthma returned, then we would most likely have to get a rescue inhaler. While we were going through the 'roids, the wife and I started making a list of all of the things that had recently been introduced into the house. The only thing that we could come up with is that we had started using Febreeze from time to time near the litter box. Turns out, there are anecdotal stories all over the net about Febreeze causing or worsening respiratory problems. We stopped using the Febreeze, finished the run of prednisone, and Brodie is still asthma free..Also: She's a great looking cat, and has an awesome mom!
My cat was diagnosed with asthma three months prior to the real problem was diagnosed - a congenital heart defect called hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. Getting tired, having a hard time breathing or coughing after activity can be an indicator of either. Please ask your vet, i wish i did. It might have meant a few more months with him.
I didn't know animals were inflicted with asthma as well. Thanks for the post. 
Holy crap.  I just got my AeroKat in the mail yesterday.  Trying to find some generic inhaler. The one the vet prescribed cost like $300 for a month's supply. Love my cat, but dayam, that's a car payment. 
How did you find out she had asthma? Were there any symptoms?
The asthma attacks are a good indicator. 
It is like unproductive hairball coughs five times a day. Not fun at 2 am!
Thank you! We just got a kitty and it has been a little wheezy, so I wasn't sure if that may be a symptom. We have planned a vet trip though :)
Someone suggested this elsewhere, if you're able to get a video of it happening on your phone it may prove to be very helpful for the vet to see exactly what happens.  .My cat was having what I called coughing fits (I suppose now I should call them asthma attacks, huh?) twice a day, they'd last 45 seconds or more, so before the vet appointment I got one of kitty's coughing fits on camera to show the vet.
Great idea! Thank you, I will most definitely do this.
We got the same one for our cat. I like the little flapper in there to tell you when the cat is breathing..When we first gave it to our cat, he would hold his breath for quite a while. It was pretty funny.
My cat also has asthma but it isn't severe. She wheezes but doesn't have attacks. My vet didn't recommend an inhaler. She takes antihistamines to control the allergies and gets a steroid shot every 6-8 weeks. 
Did you get this cat from a teacher?
My cat has asthma as well. I don't know if anyone has mentioned this, but the litter you use is a big factor. If you have a sandy brand the dust that gets kicked up will bring on an asthma attack. I switched to Green Tea Leaves cat litter a year ago and she has only had one attack since then. It's kinda pricey, but I don't have to medicate her, it clumps really well, and I almost never smell it. Plus, I assume its less expensive than an inhaler. I'm sure there are other brands you can try as well..Oh! Don't use the litter boxes with a covering. Sure the litter doesn't float around your house, but that's just more sand for your cat to breath in..Hope this helps!
Good pet owners make me happy. Upvoted.
You should have named her "Ventolin" or "Albuterol."  Pepper makes me wheeze, too.
OMG! Poor kitty! Good to know is in good hands. She is beautiful =)
Anyone else notice that the cat with asthma just happens to be named 
What kind of problems does this cause?
I'm going to say this as politely as possible, to test a theory about Reddit, downvotes, cats, and contrary opinions that further a discussion without being rude or mean-spirited:.I had a cat named Phoebe. My wife and I loved her very much. At Christmas we were stringing cranberries with a big-ass needle. Somehow it was left on a table, and my wife wakes me up early in the morning panicked because she's sitting there with foam around her mouth, breathing but not moving. We take her to the vet assuming the worst. The doctor examines her and find the needle is sticking into the back of her throat, but there may be some string that she ingested as well (we're not certain because I cut off and threw away the remaining string just in case because she's TOTALLY INSANE) which, if stuck on the needle could cause severe intestinal damage..She's taken in the back and I turn to my wife and say, "How much are we willing/able to pay for this?" We were both straight out of school, I had no job, and she was making nothing as a Nurses Aide. We both agreed that we could really afford no more than $300, but when the doctor came in and said it would be around $500 (!) we talked her down to $350 and Phoebe had some anesthetic and they took out the needle, no worse for the wear..But there was a point where I would have said, "We cannot afford to pay for this, we will have to put her to sleep." We loved her, despite her crazy antics and destruction of household items. Phoebe was a beloved pet, but she was simply that; a pet..So I guess this is my question: at what point do you draw a line and say, "I am not willing to financially ruin myself over this animal that I love but would probably chew off my face if I died in this apartment and no one found my body for a few weeks."? Is there ever such a point? Are there people here that equate animal lives with human lives, and would feel the same way about doing everything to save your spouse/child/sibling/parent/etc.?
does it matter?   that line is everyone's personal line.  some people treat their animals like children, some people treat them like accessories.  but thats their choice.
This question is still a little raw for me as I had to make this choice of putting my bunny Phoenix down on Sunday. To make a really long and sad story about a shitty vet, short... by the time a compitent vet saw her, there really wasn't much that could be done. There were some extrordinary measures that could be taken to probably make her viable for surgery that may or may not have been able to rid her of the intestinal blockage killing her. The vet was very honest that it would cost a grand just for the night and bringing her back to a stable state for surgery. The surgery would then cost about another 4 grand. 
I don't have that kind of money. I'm a young professional just starting out in my career and only a single income. I don't have a car to sell, and no credit cards to max (I only have one with a $500 limit cause I don't use them). And even if I did try and get a loan or anything, it would be too late for her. The question of would I have spent that kind of money on her if I did have the time? I wish I could say yes, but I wouldn't. A grand, maybe 2 I could see if they were young and had a lot of life left. But I literatly don't have the income level that would allow me to do that. This is also why as much as I LOVE rabbits, I wouldn't get one again. A dog I can get medical insurance for, but not a rabbit.
Exactly. If they're willing to do it (or not do it) it's their choice, not yours, and they shouldn't be judged for it. 
I think it comes down to your own personal views..Some people see pets as a member of their family and will pay any amount to make sure they're well and live a long life..Others see them as simply animals, which is what they are; lesser beings than humans..But everyone has their own morals when it comes to pets. If you tell one person you've set a budget for how much you spend on your dog/cat, they'll get angry and say something like "how can you put a price limit on your pets health!?". Others will say "that much? wow, I wouldn't spend that much."
With how much an animal can love you and how shitty a lot of people are, I'd say that many times, the human is actually the lesser being.
Philosophically true.
Have you never heard of pet insurance? It's like everyone replying is clueless. I pay like 40 dollars/year for each of my two cats and any time they need treatment from a vet my insurance pays any costs that go over 200 dollars. Honestly, you're a pretty irresponsible pet owner if you don't get insurance for your animals.
you know it's a pet, right? not a providing member of the family/functioning member of society...
I'm pretty sure that without dogs we would still live in caves, the protected our first houses and cattle from wild animals, also they improved our hunting efficiency a lot. Also cats were the ONLY way to protect food storage from mice for centuries, that's why they were worshipped in the old egypt. Killing a cat was one of the worst possible crimes there back then.
[deleted]
I was expecting exactly that answer ;) .. 
[deleted]
Yep, my opinion about you is now perfectly verified. 
If you can't spend 40 dollars a year on your pet, why the fuck are you getting one in the first place? Do you take issue with buying them food too?
hey hey hey I didn't choose to adopt my cat. I found him and helped him out. he was fine on leftovers. kibble? whats that? little guy loved cold pizza though
So with that attitude I guess we should just chuck all handicapped people out too and not provide them with any healthcare, right? Because, according to you, since they aren't functioning members of society, they don't deserve any treatment..Have you ever loved an animal? Or even felt any sort of compassion? 
yeah. I rescued a kitten and nursed him back to health for a few months. cost me some money and I actually got attached to the little guy...a real shame :/.  I'd do a lot of things for my pet but I wouldn't unreasonably burden myself financially for them. at the end of the day, they're animals and they basically grow on trees. I get your some fucking animal crusader blah blah blah shut the fuck up they're animals and they don't have emotions or complex thoughts or any real redeeming qualities. I love dogs and cute cats and all but you're fucked if you'd spend a lot of money on a fuckin creature. respond when you get your fuckin tampon in and you can stop crying holy shit
I don't advocate financially ruining yourself; what I take issue with is you coming out and deciding that your pet isn't even worth 40 dollars a year. Jesus Christ..Also, if you think animals don't have emotions or any redeeming qualities, please don't ever get a pet in this lifetime. I was right in my initial assessment of you: you're a horrible human being.
you done whining? shit man you'd think something actually important just happened judging by your reaction. and no, pets really aren't worth all that to me. pets are expendable. and cheap. easier to replace than get fixed up. how am I "horrible human being"? you don't know the first fucking thing about me and your getting off on some high horse, anonymously, on a web thread about cats. crying about how awful and evil i am because i dont want to spend money on an animal. i did actually spend money on my cat-i had to get him declawed because he was tearing up my shirts. so dont tell me im some heartless monster.
You can make human children for free... so why take them to the doctor at all. Just let them die and start a new one. .That's just a logical conclusion out of your saying. Oh no, humans are a completely different thing, I forgot that .... ."i did actually spend money on my cat-i had to get him declawed because he was tearing up my shirts." .. yeah, you are a perfect person for have someones fingers cut half off. That's what declawing actually means. 
I will tell you. You're a heartless monster.
thanks!
literally thank you so much for saying this. I can't believe it when people shell out huge money for pet health stuff. i understand the connection to the pet, etc. but holy shit people spend so much goddam money!
My mother and I had to make this choice with our 14-year-old Pomeranian a couple of years ago. We both loved her dearly (got her when I was 5), but she had serious 'female' problems that developed into cancer. She was in immense pain and wasn't conscious very much. They could do an operation and basically remove her uterus, but the cost for the entire procedure + pet hospital stay + medications would be over $3000..They wanted the money up front, immediately. All of it. And there was only a 10-15% chance she'd ever recover due to her age. I was putting myself through college at the time and we didn't have that kind of money..It was hard but we chose to let her go. My mom still cries when people bring it up because she feels immeasurable guilt for not being able to come up with the money. Unfortunately, it is sometimes the best decision..That said, I have a cat now and I would happily do what OP is doing if I had to. Time has no value to me when it comes to providing for him; I will spend as much time with him as he needs to be happy, and he's a highly active Siberian so... that's a lot of time every day, trust me, lol. But there's only so far that some people can go financially. I have pet insurance now, but if it suddenly came down to thousands of dollars, I literally could not make it happen.
Even without the money issue, this sounds like a heart-wrenching but perfectly reasonable decision. Putting her through the stress and pain of surgery, when there was an 85-90% chance she wouldn't even recover anyway? Doesn't sound like very good odds. Letting her go sounds like it was quite possibly the kinder thing to do, anyway.
I love my animals dearly. I have rescued them and their well-being is my responsibility. That being said I have a very complete picture of the possible expenses of pet ownership because I am a vet tech at an emergency and specialty practice. I understand very well just how expensive a pet can become. I won't drive myself to financial ruin over my pets because I don't have to. They have pet insurance and I have money set aside for them should an emergency arise. .I will always do everything in my power to give them the best quality of life I can possibly give them. For me, the line is quality of life, not money. Money isn't an issue with pet insurance. But if it ever comes to the point that I look at one of my pets and think that their quality of life has decreased to the point that there are more bad days than good days, that's the line. Up until that line anything goes. 
wow, thanx for asking this question. i was browsing these comments thinking to myself ... sorry a pet is just a pet. i can't justify taking care of one to that degree (daily nebu/shots). i understand ppl view them as family and that's great. i'm just not that kind of person. if i was wealthy and maybe this was like some purebred German Shepherd that attacks on command then i'd see that more as an investment to protect. 
My pets are family and I value them based on the love I feel for them, not some arbitrary, subjective life vs. life criteria..Realistically, I'd sell nearly everything I had to save either my pets or my spouse. A TV I can rebuy, a car I can buy again, my savings can be saved yet again..But also realistically, I wouldn't destroy the life of the surviving family members in a selfish attempt to keep one alive. Spouse, pet or otherwise..I had a pet mouse that needed a lot of medical treatment. I loved that mouse and I loved it a lot more than the money I spent on it, so I was happy to spend it. Sure, it was a small fortune, but when I looked around at the stuff I had, I couldn't say with a straight face "I love that inanimate object and this cash more than this little furry family member" and that was what made the decision so easy. He needed my help, and as someone capable of giving that help, it was my duty and responsibility to do so. That's what I signed on for when I took him into my home..So, I guess where I . is where it becomes impractical to live decently for any surviving family members.
Well said..I think sometimes people forget that being that pets guardian means taking responsibility for them in sickness and in health. They're not just your wonderful pet when they're healthy, when they're sick and costing you money, you still have to be there for them..Then again, a lot of people only value their pets based on how much entertainment they get out of them. Plenty of people would say "Well, I pet the cat for an hour or two every day, but I watch the TV like 6 hours a day, so I guess we can euthanize the cat so I can keep watching my stories" negating that it's a living creature and not just some piece of property.
She has to use this inhaler twice a day as a preventative measure, and any time she has an attack.  She has to sit still with it over her little nose and mouth for over a minute each time.
I think I'm on the same inhaler as your cat..
You are. They don't even make a cat version. .This is one of those things that makes me wonder if it'd be worth is to get cat health insurance. If I didn't have insurance for myself, my inhaler would cost more than my car payment, no joke. 
our cat has been prescribed the same inhaler that humans receive. Sadly, our health plan only covers the inhaler for humans.
4 corners pharmacy :-) 
thanks, I checked it out, will go for it!
Do you have a rough estimate for how much the vet visit plus the medication cost you?  I'm fairly certain my cat has asthma but my finances are garbage and I don't want to have to decide between medication and rent if at all possible, but I desperately want to get my little buddy some help.
I also have a cat with asthma. He only has to be on steroids (1/2 pill every other day) The pills are cheap, tho from what I've looked into the inhalers are expensive and most cats hate them. I am curious how OP got the cat to be so calm about it. I'm looking into getting one for emergencies, but am skeptical if my cat would use it.
my cat just got used to the inhaler, after a week she stopped fighting it. .The inhalers are very expensive.
That AeroKat chamber is great. It usually takes a little bit for the cat to get used to it, but if you get them in a routine, they do. I work at a vet/boarding facility & I've given inhaler doses to lots of kitties. We house cats from a local shelter frequently & one developed asthma while he lived with us. He was a little wiggly at first, but quickly got used to it. I would do his inhaler before meals, so he knew he had to sit with me and do inhaler time before he got his breakfast and dinner :) 
the aerokat which is the chamber runs about 69.00. Usually for asthma the pet will use fluticasone (flovent) which can range from 150-300 dollars for 90 actuations depending on the strength. it is the same asthma medication humans use and can be purchased at walgreens with a Rx. It is very expensive..sorry 120 actuations i was thinking of the other medication
My cat takes half a prednisone tablet every other day (and hopefully will take less soon).   The pills for maintenance aren't a big cost at all, I want to say I paid $20 for a month's worth at a higher dose, but that same $20 will get through 2 months at this current dosage level..The cost issues I had were with diagnosis.  Bloodwork and an x-ray to rule out diabetes (my cat is overweight) and cancer (he's also 12 y/o) during the initial visit was $400.
My cat has asthma. Depending on treatment the steroid pills are pretty reasonable. I get three months worth on the Internet for less than $15.00. It might be worth the vet visit...
My cat has asthma too.  Be sure to get the medicine on the internet, because local pharmacists can be ridiculously expensive.  Mine takes a liquid predinisolone suspension by syringe in the mouth.
Good to see you're willing to put the time in for her.
The things we do for our pets. My cat, who has since died, had diabetes. I gave her a shot every twelve hours for years. I swear she knew the shots made her feel better. She would show up in the kitchen like clockwork around 9 am and pm.and wait for the injection.
My cat was recently diagnosed too. We give him a treat when he gets his shot and now he comes over every time we get a fresh syringe out because he wants his treat... 
I had no idea cats could have asthma. This is probably a stupid question, but how do you know when she's having an asthma attack? Does she understand that the inhaler helps her or do you have to hold her still during use? 
My cat has asthma too - we do not have an inhaler though. We first found out when she was breathing very heavy you could see her stomach moving faster than normal. Also she had a little wheezy cough too :(. Poor girl cannot run around too long without getting winded. 
When you have an athsma attack your airways tighten up, and require you to breathe 2x as hard, she could easily tell if she heard that cat wheezing also.
My cat Sphinx has asthma and uses this inhaler. We don't use it during an attack, it's preventative. I doubt he understands what it does and he doesn't much like it being over his face, but he doesn't mind because he gets a treat after. :) When he's having an attack he crouches down and wheezes/coughs, sort of like when he's going to vomit but drier and different sounding.
Cats are quite like humans in what they can get. The even get heart attacks.
My moms cat was diabetic, and also hated when people touched him.  But he quickly understood getting injected with the needle made him feel better and it would never be a hassle to give him the shot.  But petting him on the head was still impossible.
My cat would get his shot when he got fed in the morning so he associated it with food which was the only thing that made him happy. He was the living embodiment of garfield. Was even an orange tabby. 
Go to .. It is the obvious thing to do - I tried and was not disappointed. Hint: There is a video out there for EVERYTHING, especially when a cat is involved... :-).On a different note, why would a cat not get asthma - we too are just animals, and everything we can get they can get. Many human diseases (caused by viruses or bacteria) originated in animals and then "jumped over", and diseases caused by aging or defective genes are shared as well. Here's ..
Wow, I've got a vet appointment for my cats for their annual shots coming up, but I think I'll ask him about this. One of my cats starts 'coughing' like that occasionally, but with her having pneumonia when young, we always assumed it was related to that. 
huh my cats always do that but I'm pretty sure they're just hacking up hairballs? How can you tell the difference..
 for the lazy.
TIL my cat has asthma. Tried describing these sounds to two vets and they both looked at me like I was crazy. Somehow it never clicked in my head even though it only happens after he has been active, I thought maybe it was a hairball he just couldnt get up, but after 3 years I was doubting that was the cause.
I took a video on my phone to show my vet what I was talking about.  Might be helpful to try.  I suspected asthma, showed my vet the video, and he took x-rays to confirm.
This is a really good idea!  So much more helpful than playing "exam room charades."  Although I can do a mean "hairball versus asthma" impression.
That's so cool! A few years ago people would maybe have used their video cameras to do the same. If they could afford it and bother. Just thinking about the fact that camera phones didn't even exist a few years ago is mind-boggling.
I did this for my cat as well and it definitely helped to make an easier diagnosis. .I'm not sure if my cat has a "milder" case, but I'm not having to use an inhaler on him at this point.  I gave him one prednisone tablet a day for a week and then dropped to a half tablet a day until a followup visit.  His symptoms had drastically improved (from 2 coughing fits a day to just a couple a week pretty quickly).  I'm now giving him a half tablet every other day and have only seen one coughing fit in the last two weeks.  .I have another followup in a couple weeks with the vet, I believe the plan is to see how far we can scale back on the prednisone, he'll probably always have to take some, but if its only once or twice a week to keep it at bay that would work quite nicely. 
My cat has asthma as well.  For anyone too lazy to youtube it, the attacks look/sound very similar to hairballs, but I think it sounds like a deeper, drier cough.  They key for me was noticing that 1.) Rufus never actually coughed anything up and 2.) It happened mostly during/right after he was very active..He definitely does not understand that the inhaler is a good thing, especially his preventative one (Flovent) because there's no real association.  When I give it to him, I put one knee on either side of him, lock my ankles behind his butt, and keep a hand on his chest, or he'll squirm away.  If he does have an attack, by the time I get his inhaler, switch his flovent for his bronchodilator (the one for when he's actually having attacks), and pin him down, the attack has usually passed, so still no association.
Why not keep the bronchodilator in as default to save time during attacks? If the Flovent is just a preventative wouldn't the delay in switching over not matter?
It's a valid question but honestly, it doesn't take long to switch them. 
He has attacks . once a month, and I use his flovent 3x per week, so it's easier to keep the flovent as the default.  His attacks are also incredibly mild and pass in around 15 seconds, so I also don't really worry about them.  I like having the bronchodilator around in case he ever has a more major attack, but as of right now, they barely even seem to bother him.
My parents one cat had this. And used to give me athsma if i came to visit. We had inhaler parties
Piggy, my girlfriends cat has severe asthma and uses the AeroKat 2x a day for his daily meds as well. He "understands" that the blue inhaler will stop his attack so he will lay still and not fight it. When it comes time for the Flixotide he protests a bit but after 7 years its just part of his life. Here he is in all his glory 
If you haven't tried Pill Pockets, please do! My cats LOVE them. 
My cat used to love them until he accidentally chewed into his pill and got a taste. From then on we had to hide it in food as he was a huge ferrel cat and would attack us if we got near his mouth with our fingers. :(. But yeah, try the pill pockets and/or hiding it in soft food! Makes it way easier for both parties. 
I had zero succes with liverwurst! 
When my cat was very sick, we got a cream to rub into her forepaws with a dosing syringe. She would indignantly lick the cream off. .It was an oral cream. Props to the genius, who came up with this method. 
I buried my cat's pills in a little blob of EZCheez and she lapped it right up for a week. Didn't really have to chew it so she never bit it, although I think she figured out how to eat around it and get more cheese added on by the end.
I know! I can't believe how easy it is. His vet and nurses always laugh and tell me I'm lucky he's so good about it.
I am amazed that her kitty uses the same asthma meds that I do 
Are you saying that you use AeroKat (the brand name), or that you use the same medicine (Salbutamol seems to be what is in cat inhalers, but it is also known as Albuterol)..If it's the second one, that's really not that surprising, as it's a very common medicine for treating asthma. If it's the first one... that's weird. Although I used to use one of those chamber type things for my asthma when I was a kid, I would still be surprised if a mask that fits a cat also fit a person.
AeroKat is the spacer device used to deliver the medication.  The actual inhaler (the orange thing) is separate, can fit in a pocket, and a human self-administer a dose without additional equipment.  The inhaler is the same type that people get and it costs about 50 dollars without insurance.
I was referring to the Ventolin/Albuterol inhaler, however my daughter had to use that little chamber when she was first diagnosed (and later outgrew with her epic immune system) with asthma.
In that case it's not surprising at all. Cats have lungs, and though they may be physically different than human lungs they work in pretty much the same way. It stands to reason that a medicine used to treat human asthma would have similar effects in cats. .Regarding the mask thing. Yes, most children use those chambers. I was jokingly implying that your comment may have meant you used the same chamber as the cat (not the "same kind of chamber", but "the same chamber"). As in, regardless of the fact that a cat's head is much smaller than a human head, you still used the same one. I'm clarifying that now, because I'm not sure if it was evident enough in my original post.
I think that the aerocat is the only kind you can get. It's a modified version of the ones they use on kids... So probably most of is owners of cats with asthma use the same brand, since its what the vets can get for us.
I took this to mean that they (as in themselves, not their cat) use the same type of inhaler as OP's cat.
I love Piggy. That is a great name for a cat.
Asthma kitties unite! . It took her quite a while to accept the inhaler, but she's a pro now. A little bit of positive reinforcement (and a VERY food motivated cat) goes a long way. She gets a treat after every inhaler, and after awhile she figured out that if she sits very still it's over faster and she gets the cookie sooner. .She will still fight us about the rescue inhaler though. She only gets it during or immediately after an asthma attack, but I'm told by friends with asthma that albuterol tastes terrible. 
Albuterol tastes fucking gross. 
I don't remember it having a taste... but I remember it making me feel like my arms were going to fall off. Not in a painful way, or an actually-weak way, but they'd feel very quivery and like they didn't want to bear their own weight, let alone lift anything. Arms to entire torso sometimes. So that could be part of it. 
Albuterol doesn't really have much of a taste in my experience... just kind of dusty.
my other cat lives to lick UPS labels and thermal receipts - I have tasted them many times to try and figure out the attraction and let me tell you, yuuuuuuuuuuuuuk. Yet he won't touch my steak..To each their own. 
I think this needs its own subreddit . .these pictures are just too adorable.
I fully agree
Just saying... we exist now. Come see! 
Done. Linked.
Awesome, I will so volenteer as a mod for that.
We're underway. Submit me some pictures of cats (using inhalers) on the sub, and I may share the power of modding adorable medicated cat pictures. ;)
God dammit I suggested the subreddit..Fine, though I don't have a cat in need of an inhaler, I have google.
My bad mate, didn't realize you were the originator. Welcome aboard, we will rule this land well. 
I look forward to working with you!
It took awhile for Pepper to realize it wasn't hurting her and to not be afraid of it but eventually she came to terms with it.  That's not to say she likes it but she seems to know its not hurting her. .Unlike omgbewbs' cat, Rufus, Pepper is too lazy to be active and cause attacks, hers seem to happen after she wakes up or eats too fast.
how long did it take for her to get used to it? I posted pics below, our cat has been getting used to sticking her head into a bottle to eat, she is still not fond of it but will do it. Do you coat the inside of it with something? I was thinking tuna juice or maybe a dilute of catnip to get her to like it.
If your cat likes tuna you might try a small amount of tuna juice, but she will likely try to lick at it, and since she should be breathing the treatment it could be detrimental to that.  It basically just came down to her realizing that it wasn't hurting her.  If your cat likes being pet in a certain area try that with the applicator over her face each time to show her that something good comes with what is happening to her.
Hey, just so you know, being really bored at work + browsing imgur and seeing your cat, motivated me to create an album of mine because they look so similar. Also, motivated me to create a reddit account so I could let you know. Hope she is doing well! 
my guy, little dog, has the same thing but he really hates the puffer. any tips on getting him to be more comfortable with it? sometimes it makes him so unhappy that it actually causes an asthma attack and i'd give anything to be able to do this without scaring him. i give him a treat before and after i use it (two times twice a day) and i've tried having it out in the open and letting him sniff it but to no avail. 
Cats are so finicky and their personalities so different that it can be a dream to give treatment to some and a nightmare to others.  Is he personable and friendly or does he like his attention on his time?  Pepper is always down for a petting session, which makes applying the puffer easy because as long as she gets some pets in she is happy.  If Little Dog likes a certain spot being pet, try rubbing him there while you apply it.  Also, try getting down on his level; this could just be me, but if I were a little guy having something forced over my face by someone towering over me I'd be scared too!  
You can give them liquid ventolin instead, my kitty hated the inhaler so much it was impossible to use it. 
he's a really friendly lil guy, loves being petted and talked to (which i try to do when puffing him). i have to give him two puffs though, and he's usually really good with the first one but far less patient with the second. that's a good idea about being on his level, cheers
Explain how cats get asthma. Is it genetic/environmental or both? 
Due to allergies and inflammation. The get too much mucous. I think it's a bit different than human asthma. .Source: my cat has asthma too
Probably both. Just like it is in humans.
Humans with asthma got mucus problem too, i think it's kind of the same thing for human and animals..Source : i have asthma 
Thanks! I didn't know anything about asthma before the cat :( 
Poor pepper
Is your cat allergic to cats as well? Damn dander!
It's probably not possible for cats to be allergic to cat saliva, like it's not possible for human for be allergic to human saliva? .And you can have astma without allergy, and allergy without asthma. But of course you can have both.
I can't help but think that  no cat or pet is worth this level of care when so many people lack access to basic nutrition. I may have an old fashioned view of pet ownership.   pets are now regarded as non human persons and the industry has grown tremendously as people go to increasingly extreme measures to comfort or lengthen their pet's life.  As much as I love my pup, I would never get him asthma treatment treatment. 
So you'd have him put down? Or just let him suffocate one day? 
Your cat sounds like a true American 
Does she come to you when she's having bad asthma? 
She loves people so she is never far away.  She is not an active cat, she is playful but hardly athletic, so more often than not she is within a few feet when an attack comes.  She doesn't run away when it happens though.
I'd really like to know the answer to this question.
So... what?  If he had asthma, you'd either let him suffer with it or just put him down?  Whether or not you regard him as a living thing with worth, it's your responsibility to care for him.  You took that on when you adopted a pet.  .Makes me nervous that people with that attitude own animals.
That's a ridiculously first world attitude and granted I don't have a work/farm dog I would still probably put it down. I in no way neglect my pet. He's well fed, excercised, groomed, and emotionally cared for but that's where I draw the line. Aww is definitely the wrong outlet for sharing this opinion but I don't think it's depraved.
You can't assume that your pet will never fall ill or get hurt.  Pet ownership and vet bills go hand-in-hand.  In this case, asthma is a very treatable condition and not all that expensive.  To think that someone would rather put their pet to sleep rather than spend some extra cash on a reasonable treatment is depraved.  .Your pet shouldn't suffer because you don't think it's fair that he gets to breathe while a child in Africa goes without food.  Not saying you're not allowed to be concerned with Third World issues, but if it's going to interfere with the animal you took responsibility for, you shouldn't own one in the first place.
You're right.  I'll start preparing for doggie cancer immediately
Rude. 
My little cat, Simone, was just diagnosed with asthma on sunday. We just have steroids for her for a few days. We think it was triggered by a combo of allergies and stress. Poor little thing couldn't poop either she was so wigged out. I almost didn't believe the vet when he told me about cat inhalers. I've been trying to figure out how they work since he told me. Thanks for the visual!
Stress? Is the cat paying the bills?
Exactly how I felt. She has separation anxiety and I was on vacation for 2 weeks. Then I changed her food. I'm a terrible human, I know, and my cat isn't as apathetic as previously thought. 
it was stressing about making the payments for that boat.
Shouldn't have agreed to that balloon payment.  It's due in just a few months.
Its been a crazy day. First of all, Simone only got 19 hours of sleep, she lost the red dot, and we are out of meow mix. I have never seen her in such bad shape. 
Put some of his toys on it and some catnip it seems all shiny and new kitties need familiar smells. Lead him into it if needed but your kitty will love it eventually 
I dont feel bad for you, cats hate things meant for them.
so true!
YOU DO IT FOR THE KARMA ! 
some genius needs to make cat towers out of cardboard
There's a clear solution here: you need more cats.
I dont understand how adults can purchase these things. They make your house look completely retarded 
Not your house. Not your money. Not your problem. Leave.
My mom's cats weren't using the tower she bought them. I fed them on it once and the immediately started hanging out on it. 
That's exactly how we got around it too. We secured their autofeeder to the top level. Good exercise for them. 
 The humans have devised new methods of torture, I must now physically exert myself to aquire nutrients. Will attempt to hang around the kitchen table to circumvent their sadistic methods.
This made me giggle loudly.  I'm alone in my apartment and haven't laughed in hours.  Thank you, cat.  :)
Built our cat her own kitty mountain out of boxes and an old towel. She loves it.
I want a human sized one.
If I may where did you get this one I think my cats would love them and how much.
Put it closer to the window so your cat can see outside while playing on it.
Had the same problem, but if you put some catnip on and around it, the cat will learn to love it. Mine sleeps on it's tower all the time now
i know the feeling :(
lol... i see you made the same mistake I did.
mine are mostly white and got a blue cat tower. as a result I have to brush it at least once /week..you have a dark kitteh and got a white cat tower ... :).don't worry she will go there. all three of mine spent the first day in the box the tower came in. and now they live on their cat tree ;)
Holy shit you people love your cats. I'm not sure I would even spend that much on my actual, human child..*It is a great picture, thanks.
We feel your pain we had the same issue until we put it by a window and now they love hanging on the one we have
This is mainly because the tower has an unpleasant scent. Same thing happens to dog beds..My solution to dog beds is to place them under bed covers.  This way they start to smell like you and your dogs will use them.
My cat has a small cat tower it has two bottom hole things and then a tree like stump on top of it, with a little leaf like wedge and a top bed with a hole where the wedge is. She went crazy when we brought it home she was like spinning around the tree stump part. It's fuzzy. One time we took her shed fur off the bed part to clean it.. BAD IDEA! She freaked out and started rolling on it until it smelt like herself again. If anyone can imagine what it looks like that'd be amazing because I just reread this and am currently confused xP
This sooooo made me laugh....how sweet.
i know that feel.. 
Maybe she has bad hips?
He just gave up cause he knows he can't catch those flying mice!
Does that cat have an end with a head on it?
where is your cats head?
It's furry instead of carpet, right? How well do you think that is easy to clean vs. carpeted cat trees, and when they scratch their claws on it, does that shit pull out and leave these fucking annoying big long underside-of-the-carpet fibers dangling?.Must know these things.
I've had cats mostly all my life, and have paid out the ass for these things. Pretty much until the current 2 cats, Harley Quinn and Pickles, the shit never got used. However these 2 are on it 24/7!
My cats actually love their tower.  That one is great!  She/he might take to it later.
You have to make it so the cat isn't allowed on it.
As soon as you are out of the house it'll have HOURS of fun.
Bring a big dog into the house. That cat will discover the true power of the cat tower.
I have this exact same cat tower.  I literally had to teach my kitty how to cat by placing him on it for weeks before he began using it himself.

Wow, that is epic. Can I come over to play :) 
Move it over in front of the window. Your cat will likely have a new favorite sunning spot. 
Where did you buy this? I want to get one for my cats. 
it's just going through sensory overload
I expected it to be playing in the box, but that's just pitiful.
So why don't we just make the towers out of cardboard
Been having arguments with the lady about this. She wants to "treat" our cat to a 60 pound piece of furry MDF shit like this when the cat won't know the difference! As far as he is concerned a cardboard box is the greatest invention any of these smart monkey men ever thought up. Better than the colorful talky box, better than the growling cage they fly about in, better than the hot box they stick their food in, better than anything! 
That is the freaking absolute truth. PetCo $200 bucks shot.
I have two black cats and a very similar cat tower. Did a double-take there. Now, our cats love theirs. One in particular, will sit in the little cubbies and baskets. .But how we got them interested in it... We have an automatic feeder for the cats that serves them biscuits a couple of times a day. As they are indoor cats, we try to encourage a bit of exercise and my bf came up with the idea of putting the feeder at the top of the cat tower. He secured it with duct tape and they've been happily eating up there ever since. Getting familiar with the tower (and associating it with food I guess) has led to it being a favourite lounging spot. 
I wish our cats had something that awesome
What item level gear must the cats have in order to enter this instance? He is probably not geared enough... :P
Get a couple kids, the cat will be in there all the time!
Haha give it a couple days. They'll get there!
I dunno, I got a coffee maker six months ago and still have the box because it's one of my cat's favorite sleeping spots.
This.  I bought one of these.  The cats were highly enamored of the box.  The next morning though, I walked out into the living room and all three of them were up on it.  They still use it, though it's time to replace it.  (It's been like... six years?)  It's still structurally sound, but just looking a bit tattered and old, might as well replace it when I move or something. 
Rub it with catnip. I do that everytime I get a new one. 
I just ordered a cat tree for my kitty too...and the husband already predicted the same  thing will happen! Please update us if your cat grows to like tower in the next few days :)
Feed your cat some biscuits on it! 
Anybody know where I can get one like this? Amazon I'm assuming...
 
I hate when shipping is more than the actual product. I was two steps from buying one myself!
Mine was shipped free on Amazon, you just need to search it out.
maybe your cat is having a hard time finding the tower since it seems to be headless. 
Give it time
One of my favorite stores is here:  .I've got Maine Coons, so they need the bigguns.
put their food on top of it
Boxes.... boxes are a cat's best friend
As in cardboard
That's the exact cat tower I bought!
I spend $30 on chew toys for my new puppy. Her favorite thing to gnaw on is her metal food bowl. -_-
That is amazing! Where did you get it? I have two cats here who I know would love to fight over it. Hell, I can barely keep them out of their Meow Direct boxes when they arrive. They'd go nuts over this thing!
Here is the link, not sure if a better deal would be available somewhere else. 
Any cat tree I see in stores are $100+. I'm so glad there are cheaper ones online!
The issue is that the ones you have to put together like this simply aren't as stable and don't last as long.
Well i think most of those have some wood components..This one is literally made out of giant cardboard rolls.
.
Move it next to a window. We did that with ours and suddenly our disinterested kitties were all over it. I got the tip from My Cat from Hell.
We got the exactly same one :).. our cats love it!.. put it near a window and your golden!
But what if they don't have a dog? Not everyone can buy retrievers to put their cat towers next to, you know. 
Okay. 
No wonder it isn't using the tower, you have a headless cat!
Lol! She is the hardest cat to take good pictures of, completely blends in and looks like she is missing parts if you don't use flash, has the brightest glowing-devil eyes if you do. 
Black cats are like that, I have the same problem. . >_<
That is exactly it haha.
That . and those black siberian-looking paws remind me of .. A tuft of fur sticks out between their toes. Is that the breed you have?
They're both rescued so they're just mixed breeds. I call the tabby a Maine Coon and the black one is just a medium hair. They do have tufts of fur sticking out of their toe though, cuz they're adorable. I love your cats, so cute!
Well you shouldn't of said that, cuz . I'm going to show . off like a parent when they pull out their kids ..
Oh god that tuft of white fur is adorable! And if the worse thing that happens today on reddit is someone responds with pictures of their cute cat then I'll say it's been a good day.
.
The only way to get decent pictures is in natural light with NO flash. Believe me, I have a black cat and have spent years perfecting this. Yes I now realize how pathetic that sounds...
EDIT: 
When I use my D200 I get great detail (obviously), but with a camera phone like with that picture it's extremely difficult. You're right lighting is key, but that's true with any shot. I've got some absolutely fantastic photos of the guy, but it takes a lot more work than with 
Oh god that picture is adorable!
It seems like you have long the haired versions of my cats, because I have another cat as well, other than the black one, and ..
Thanks, I took it right before the black one woke up and realized he was a pillow. There was much squirming and blurry photos after that.
Every time I post pictures of my cats someone comments they have a black cat and a tabby/maine coon too. They just make the perfect combination! :D
I have three all black cats and when they all lay together in a pile and I take a picture, it is just one big ball of blackness :(
But I'm sure they make up for that by being adorable. Black cats tend to be pretty damn awesome.
My cats did the same thing. Try putting your personal items on it such as jackets, keys, etc. If you start using it, they will too.
I got my cat a little bed and she stole a sweater out of my hamper to line it with before she used it.
This is mainly because the tower has an unpleasant scent. Same thing happens to dog beds..My solution to dog beds is to place them under bed covers.  This way they start to smell like you and your dogs will use them.
If I want my cat to sit on something, I usually put down a batch of freshly laundered clothes (my work clothes that show cat hair like crazy are best), or something delicate I don't want to be stepped on, and thirty seconds later, she's there.
clearly the tower has not been catnipped yet 
Drugging cats isn't how you do it if you really want to make them happy..Get a cardboard box instead
Not meant to make them happy, just to show them the way 
My cat doesn't respond to the nip :(
Mine either. But my dog lays on his back and repeatedly scratches himself in a trance. 
We use treats, put a couple on every level.
Change the brand.  Try spray vs natural, etc. .They all do, in more or less fashion.
My boyfriend had a cat who would literally not respond to anything. My cat on the other hand freaks out. We one accidentally left the nip out. Came back, the entire bag was empty, he had nip stuck to his face and his pupils were as large as they could possibly get. We did not sleep that night. It's different for all cats. Some go crazy, some are mildly interested and some don't respond at all. But I agree, try different things to see if he/she is just picky. 
I have a cat that doesn't respond to the nip, or to meat, or to milk, or anything except one very specific brand and one very specific flavour of cat biscuit.  I think she may be broken.
Try vegemite. My cat goes crazy for it!! 
Salt! I got a little salt lick for my kitty. Kitty loved it.
You shouldn't be giving your cat milk anyway, it's bad for them.
Or garlic. Very bad for kitties. 
The only milk I've offered her is lactose free cat milk.
Try Bacon, Beef Jerky (plain/original flavors), and maybe fish like tuna. .
Tried a few different varieties of fish - lots of fish was thrown away because she's totally disinterested.  At least she's easy to feed.
Be careful with jerky! A lot of it has garlic and/or onion in it, which is quite toxic to cats. 
My cats would kill for jerky, but that's good to know about garlic and onion. I normally get the "original" flavor at Costco, and when I take it out, even our very timid/scardy cat will climb all over you to get some. 
This does not sound normal, a cat that does not like fish, or meat? Maybe you need to try some kosher stuff (our cat for some odd reason does not like bacon, he is more Jewish than us)
I know right?  She's normal otherwise.  Well, apart from not liking anyone near her when she sleeps, has a stubby tail that's only half her body length long, and mumbles to herself whenever she walks anywhere.  But other than that, normal!
Fun fact, we didn't know that, and had made chinese for dinner once. The cat was hysterical about getting some leftovers so we decided that fine, he can have them. He ate quite a lot of everything on the plate, including onion and some garlic..And is still going strong years later..But I wouldn't feed it to him again, now that I know.
That's cool, I gave my cat jerky for years and years before I found out last fall. He barfs a lot less now that I'm careful not to give him anything with onion or garlic, lol. 
I only have Marmite, but I'll give it a go when I get home.  At this stage I have a weird desire to see her take to something other than just one food type.

I...am.........
That was going to be my suggestion.  Catnip that sombitch and your cat will never leave its side.
This is just creating the illusion that your cat likes the tower just for yourself. Might as well catnip a sock and get a similar effect. 
I think of it as marking it as for the cat. All your kitty things smell the same now. Makes it really easy to introduce new things.
Isn't it more about acclimating the cat to it? They come for the nip, but stay for the tower?
Oh it could be. I wouldn't know, my cats are obsessed with our tower and we haven't had to use any catnip. 
Cats feed off your pain and disappointment....he knows what he's doing
The trick is to ignore the tower and look pissed when he takes interest in it.
Hey!  we have that same one for our cats!  The hanging bits will be gone within a week, and the bag thingy will break the first time a cat jumps into it...but other than that, one of our cats sleeps on the tip top flat bit, and one in the upper box.. oh.. reinforce the lower box now, before your cat gets any fatter.. trust me on this.
We have a similar one, same materials, slightly different design. We have three cubby-houses, a few of those baskets, stairs weirdly and fewer platforms. No problems in six months, but it could be just a tiny bit sturdier by design. Good luck, hope your cat takes to it! 
Where did you get this? I want to get one for my cats.
I've had mine a good year and the hammock has yet to break. Same with the dangle bits and it's played with daily. 
My dangle bits are played with daily as well,  and they're doing fine.
I wish MY dangle bits were played with daily :-(
We bought the same one on Amazon.com - they have a crazy amount of them! Our came a little wrong as there is supposed to be a rope that hangs down too, but the wood piece was carpeted upside down. No big deal though.
I have three cats and they only use the highest platform. Usually there's one sleeping there, and the two others want there at the same time. This usually starts a 3-way melee.
This is why I just built my own.  It lasted 3 years.  Next one I build is already designed, just waiting on funds.  It's a 1/4 scale TARDIS cat condo.
I am working on mine now (not Tardis, although that is an excellent idea for the next!). Scrap wood from skids at work and bargain carpet scraps are making it almost a no cost ordeal.   
Where is that cats head?
i am very concerned about this as well 
Could be the reason it hasn't played with it yet. Rigor mortis will play hell on climbing skills.
Thank you much.
I have that same one too. The bottom goes all but unused (she jumps from the couch) and sleeps on the top towers a lot. Since she doesn't really go in the boxes we store toys in them (cat toys on top and dog toys on bottom) and we use the net/pouch thing to store remotes and a spray bottle..All in all it's a tall tower and storage rack... Oh well
You might want to take the dangling toys off anyway. My cat tower had them and my kitty kept getting her claw stuck on them and freaking out!
The dangling bits are dangerous! The first thing my cat did was swallow the elastic. Thank goodness he, uh, passed it, or he might have needed surgery. I would just snip them off now.
Definitely!!
Move it away from the wall a bit. I promise they'll like it more.
I learnt this from Jackson Galaxy, and it seems like sound advice..Before you splurge on a new cat product, establish if your cat is a vertical or horizontal kitty. .Looks like you have yourself a horizontal kitty, so stick to novel furniture which are lower.
Ugh, I just bought one of these.  What is a horizontal kitty?
See if your cat enjoys creeping at ground level or like ascending to higher levels..It's not a science just an eye test of what turns your cat on.
put the box on the tower and you've just spent 50 bucks on a box
50 bucks? You must tell me where to get this for 50 bucks!
It's not actually $50, but . has phenomenal prices for cat trees. Their prices seem to have gone a a bit in the recent past but still SO much cheaper than other places. Quality components too. I've had two well used ones for my casts for ~5 years and they are in great shape.
I just got mine yesterday  :-)  It takes up half our living room, and kitty hasn't gone near it yet.  My wife hates me now.
Got mine on craigslist for 35. Already assembled,  too. 
That's where I got mine, which is the middle size, and it was like $95 on sale. Not terrible by any means, but definitely not $50 for twice the size!
I should have done the same thing with my girlfriend.
Id like to lick him...just to see if he tastes like the Popsicle he resembles.
Looks like a peach with feathers and a beak. .But a very cute peach with feathers and a beak.
Aww! I want a Coco!! Too cute
You should have called it mango.
Love birds are the cutest of the bird world.
Flirty~
Lol at the cheery expression on his face.  
Did you name it Coco after 
Coco says "Yeo!"
Very cute.
coco has a thing with his sinuses 
Thanks but peeps are too marshmellowy for me.
so pretty must pet
Wow that's a good looking bird!
Weird urge to eat it to see if it tastes like peach o rings
Bird Coco eh?.Most relevant I can make my username. 
Coco looks like candy! :)
But she's mango coloured. .Or peach coloured..You know what would taste great? A mango covered in chocolate. 
Your bird reminds me of Trix yogurt. In a good way.
Thats my birds name.  See you in court!
I used to have peach faced love birds and absolutely loved them :) 
I think Peach would be a better name. 
would someone put arms on coco?
"Oh stop it, you're making me blush"
Sigh... not another radioactive fruit picture.
He looks like a lemon flavored snow cone.
I wish they made squeeze-proof parrots. 
awww looks like he's blushing  (-'_'-)
You go Glen Coco!
I feel enticed to lick it. 
This bird looks nothing like Conan O'brien.  I am just saying.
I got it not, sure if the person who down voted did 
I was pretty sure I would get down voted, but my comment made me laugh so that is all that matters.  :)
lol
Hey I laughed too Save CoCo!!
Love, Love Birds (most birds in general).
Such a cute little guy. I love parrotlets. 
'Allo Coco
I don't understand birds as pets. I've never owned a bird so can someone compare/contrast birds as pets as opposed to say a cat or a dog? Do birds have personalities like cats/dogs? I would assume so, but then again I have zero experience. What kinds of activities can you do with a bird as a pet? Thanks!
I had a pet budgie years ago that was the most entertaining creature ever.
His name was Kiwi and this bird fell in love with my mom. He would fly out of his cage every day at 4:30 when my mom came home and sit on her shoulder and ask her "I love you. How was your day?" and they would have a "conversation" (it wasn't real, it was just a routine the bird became fond of). He liked to pick in our teeth for "scraps" (kinda gross but so so endearing) and would often join our family at the dinner table by sitting at an empty spot and just talking/chirping. He was such a family guy..I think the best thing was his ability to mimic speech. We taught him over 70 phrases and he was insanely adept at picking up new ones. I think the best thing we taught him to say was "I can talk, can you fly?" The reactions we'd get out of guests when he started screaming those words were priceless..Unfortunately, lost the little guy due to old age. Had him for 16 years and was the best little birdie ever. Smart, talkative, and all around as rewarding and as loyal as dogs..I have two budgies now and they are no where near as talkative or social, but the personality differences between the two are night and day and their interactions can be hilarious..TL;DR - Birds are awesome and have tons of personality.
Aw, I love budgies. Even the grouchy ones. This story was so sweet.
I used to have a couple love birds and I absolutely loved them. If you only get one bird, they bond to you and show you affection and love. (I had two of them at different times) They definitely have personalities and are different. One of them would kiss me and snuggle under my hair/next to my neck. The other one was a little more moody and only gave attention when she wanted to (like a cat). You don't really do activities with them (some people will train their birds to perform tricks or sing, I tried but it didn't work). However, they were fun to watch run around and hop. Both of them loved to chew paper and make nests which was a sweet process to watch as well.  
I bought a run of the mill Parakeet from Wal-Mart in the 90's.  I thought he would just stay in the cage and do nothing.  But, I really put an effort into socializing him with me.  Eventually, anytime I was in my bedroom, I would open his cage and he would come and go in there whenever he pleased..He liked being with me so much that when I was walking around or getting ready, he would fly onto my shoulder or top of my head and just sit there..When I would be on my bed to watch TV, he would fly out and jump on my foot and crawl all the way up to my neck.  Then, he would usually nibble softly on my ear a little bit, then lie down in the nape of my neck to nap.  Then, he would wake up and go to his cage, goto the bathroom (never shit on me), and get some food, then come back to me.  .At the time, I had a water bed and he loved the large mirror in the headboard.  It was a lot bigger than the one in his cage and he preferred it..I never got him to talk, even though I tried.  He would make a gurgling sound in his throat, and I assumed he was trying, but I don't really know..I was so surprised at how awesome of a real pet he was and not just something I had to take care of him not caring about me.
I never thought of keeping a bird as a pet either!  I always had dogs, cats, and hamsters growing up.  One day I ended up with a green cheek conure, and I've been having a ball ever since!  They are SUPER smart-my conure can pick up on things my lab can't.  She also delights everyone she meets with tricks (such as fetching, hopping, spinning and dancing).  They love being a part of your day, too!  If I shower without her or start building a new lego set, she'll voice her anger or just yell "C'MERE!!".  They are hilarious, fun, intelligent pets... But there are just as many cons -_-
What would you say were the cons of owning a conure?
Having a bird as a pet is wonderful! They're more like having a small child around than having a dog or a cat. It's a large commitment but worth the effort. Birds are affectionate and crave attention, and can get depressed or have anxiety if they're neglected or lonely. They have distinctive personalities (the two that I had growing up were "smart but hates children" and "stupid but loves everybody", respectively). So yes, they are like dogs or cats in the regard that they're all different. I would let my birds fly around the room and set up lego sculptures for them to demolish (they LOVED that), and put out food for them to eat. They can also play fetch if you train them, and they like exploring and solving puzzle activities. Hope this helps!
Is speech common among budgies? Are they quick to learn phrases and words?.Your little guy sounds amazing, sorry he's gone.
It is very common in most breeds of birds, especially budgies. Parrot-family birds are the ones that are great at mimicking speech..First words with budgies take a while...every morning we would talk to the birds for ~10 minutes ("Good morning" "I love you" "How are you?" etc etc).I would say it takes about 3-4 months of this until they catch on. Once they latch on to a few words, their ability to mimic increases EXPONENTIALLY. With Kiwi, we could say something new and he'd pick it up the next day. That was maybe 7-8 months since we first got him. From then on, new phrases were very easy to teach....The hard part was getting him to NOT repeat things when one of us said "Shit!" for stubbing a toe or something... next thing you know the bird's shouting profanity D:
I've had birds all my life and will continue to do so until the day I die. Birds however are not for everyone. They take allot more time, given their flocking nature, and depend heavily on you as their companion to be there with them. The idea is to get a bird to be your companion, not a pet. With that mind set, training, and equipment, you can take your bird almost anywhere! I had a lovebird for many years and she used to go camping with us regularly. My current bird, a cockatiel, is in the process of harness training so I can start taking her places too. Unfortunately many people don't think that they can take their birds places, especially the small ones. I disagree. Furthermore, many people don't think about adopting/rescuing unwanted birds too. Just like with dogs and cats, bird rescues are filled to the brim and a rescued bird can make a fantastic addition to a family. 
I agree about adopting. I got a sweet flock of budgies from Craigslist.
What an adorable bird!
I love Coco's feathers. Awesome colour scheme.
Made me think of this 
I wonder if they taste similar.

Not many reddittors are gonna understand how good these are. You cant get these in the states. Nor can you get all-dressed chips, crispers, or any presidents choice food.
My thought process was literally "mango, peaches, fuzzy peaches" and then I scrolled through the comments after I posted and I am so glad i'm not the only one. 
Are you in the states?
Yeah, whenever we come back to Canada we stock up on PC thai sauce and chips.
Yes, they are pretty smart too..
You can teach them to do tricks, they love being rubbed on the cheeks and love spending as much time with you as cats and dogs..
If you go into some of the bigger hook bills like cockatoos, macaws, africans greys and even a few of the smaller ones they can be taught to talk and even potty train them, as well as take them on walks with leashes and even out to lunch(if the place allows)..
One thing you got to think of is normally birds live a long time. Lovebirds like the one pictured live around 15 years, bigger ones up to 100 so plan a caretaker upon your death. They need lots of attention, if you have 2 that is better. The bigger ones need more time to spend with them each day. If not they can have mental issues the same as people and start self mutilating. They are ridiculously messy, seed can go everywhere and it has a habit of attracting bugs and rodents if you don't clean it often enough. They are also great little dander factories which can be hell if you're allergic. Lastly vet care, they are exotic so plan on paying more in health care than your normal dog or cat.
Ive owned a english budgie and 2 lovebirds and i can say that most of what you said is only half true. As far as the birds i have owned i have never had a problem with dander. Im allergic to cats and dogs so i would know if i was having a reaction. Also the mess they make is only around their cage and i always find it easy to clean up, what you got to worry about is your lampshades if you let the buggers fly loose. Lastly, im not sure about bigger birds but we never had to pay much in health care for our birds. They do have delicate health though considering our first lovebird went from perfectly healthy to dead in 2 days because we didnt completely clean raw chicken off the counter.
Damn, I would have thought dander wouldn't be an issue with birds because they have feathers instead of fur. I'll have to do a little more research on this. Thank you!
They produce some powder stuff to keep their feathers dry clean and a whole lot of it.
Birds are known to cause much more dander than other pets like cat or dog. You just may not be allergic to it, but for others that are allergic to bird dander its normally pretty bad..
I have also had lovebirds and I always make sure to at least give them a yearly checkup like any other pet that lives over 5 years. Compared to dogs or cats they do cost more for general care. Any exotic breed will need to be taken to a exotic animal vet which always cost around 10% or more than a normal vet. Normal vets just don't have specialised training, or won't be familiar with them and a lot of the time refuse seeing them. If anyone is thinking of getting a exotic of any sort whether it be a bird, snake or even a rabbit should know that going in, in my opinion.
Know that if you have two, they will be a bit more difficult to train. Also, one may become protective over the other.
A few species don't produce the 'powder' that other birds do- green cheek conures are one. 
Is that a love bird?
Yes.
Source: I have one
A Lutino love bird?
It is indeed! I used to have several..Snuggliest birds on the planet. 
until they try to take your earlobe off
I thought it was a half ripened mango at first... And I still kinda do.
If I had a nickel for every time I heard that. 
You'd buy a treat for him?
He is 15...that sir is a CAT.. lol did you just get this cat or you have had him for 15 years? I am curious how he has had good hygiene for that many years. I am not sure animals licking themselves is clean lol.
cats are actually really good at keeping themselves well groomed. It's unnecessary (and kinda cruel) to bathe them unless absolutely needed. 
lol, you try to bathe your cat?  Your lucky you did not end up bleeding to death on your floor.
aww he's precious! 
I have never heard anyone say it is cruel to bathe a cat, you got a link to back this up?
This must have been early on as I see no claw marks on your arm.
If you're not careful he's gonna lock you out of your home/apartment.
I give my cats baths sometimes. That's the usual look. 
Question -- did he sing the song of his people the whole time? Because every time I bathe my cats (just once in awhile, before anyone asks), they spend the whole time making the most godawful, indescribable sounds you've ever heard, and the only time they make those sounds is when it's bath time. .Also -- sink with hose. You're doing it right. That is absolutely the only way to bathe a cat without complete chaos ensuing. But I would recommend a pair of elbow-length gloves, unless you just like bleeding.
I think this quote alone warrants that image OP posted in these comments about how "you don't know SHIT about cats".
My kitty gets regular baths, due to my mild cat allergy and he still looks like very similar to that. No amount of bathing will ever make a cat water friendly.
Wait, so how did he stay clean the past 15 years..

I've owned cats my entire life. Not so much that it will damage their fur as far as I know, but it is obviously unpleasant for many of them. If your cat loves water and doesn't mind, then sure I don't see the issue. But mine go nuts at the slightest drip of water. Try to put one near the bathtub and your arms are ripped to shreds. Forcing them to take a bath would be akin to torture.
Absolutely. I've also owned cats my entire life and the only times I've ever had to bathe them at all is when circumstances warranted. They're not usually happy during the cleaning but after? Hell, they love you all the more..Until a few days ago, Spencer (the cat pictured) never warranted a bath. He was always clean. He always smelled fine. The other day? Not so much. Hence the bath.
so what you meant was cruel to you?
Haha it's a bad day when you have to give a cat a bath. There was one day when I had to bathe all 3 of ours. It was painful. But you're right, they were happier afterward!
No...I mean it is uncomfortable for them. They dislike it. Forcing them into something they hate and do not need is mean, don't you think?
Frequent washing for most breeds of cats will dry out their skin, so you're correct that it actually isn't good for them. A bath here and there if they've gotten into something or aren't cleaning themselves is okay, but regular washing is completely unnecessary.
Reminds me of this gem: .Thanks for that, needed a solid belly aching laugh. 
There's wipes you can use instead but that may not have gotten the stank out.
It's obviously very stressful on them. 
My cat would tear me to shreds if I tried to bath him.
My cat would come in the bathroom, about once a month, and share a shower with me. 
Wow that's awesome, Optimus isn't a fan of the water at all.
You can avoid the shredding part if you trim their nails a few days in advance of the bath (not the day of, you want a few days for the claws to have the sharp edges ground off a little bit).Which won't stop them from spraying water everywhere in an effort to escape, of course :P
Oh he's a feisty one so he'd empty any container of water before I had a chance to bathe him.
Poor guy. So resigned.
Post again in 24 hours so we know that cat didn't kill you in your sleep...
"I'm too old for this sh*t"
Perfect quote for his expression.
Cats in baths look like some kind of demonic minions.
You will pay.  you will pay for this.
Welcome to cats, that's how they stay clean.
I have only had dogs, and they for sure need baths often!
Cat's have barbs on their tongues (like the spiky side of velcro) that are specifically for "combing" the crap out of their hair.  Cat's give themselves baths, and many never have to touch the water to stay perfectly clean and groomed.
I don't get it either. I worked at Petco as a bather and was so surprised at the number of cats brought in for baths. We've always had cats and NEVER bathed them. They wash themselves meticulously....per petmeds.org among other sites....Cats spend countless hours grooming their fur, and some experts estimate that cats will spend up to 30% of their time grooming. A cats tongue is covered with backward-facing barbs called papillae that function as a built-in comb to keep the fur sleek and free of debris. A healthy, indoor cat does not usually require bathing, unless the cat has gotten into a substance that he or she cannot remove through regular grooming. Have you ever wondered how the cat stays so clean with just a spit bath?.Surprisingly, cat saliva actually contains a natural detergent-like substance that helps keep the fur clean. Try sniffing your cats fur when it is still damp from grooming, and you should notice a faint, pleasant and slightly soapy scent. Keep in mind that, like human saliva, cat saliva also contains lots of bacteria, too.
Perhaps this explains why Penny always smells like a combination of dryer sheets and air freshener. TIL. Thank you! :)
One of my cats who is always cleaning himself (he actually cleans my other cat who refuses to clean himself) always smells really good. Especially after he clear s himself.
Is it just an American thing, this bathing of cats ? I've never heard of it happening anywhere else. 
Of my three cats, I have one that I bathe about once a month.  She refuses to clean herself.  The other two have only ever gotten baths when they get something in their fur they can't get out themselves or something I don't want them ingesting.
There can be good reasons for doing so- if you will have someone visiting who is allergic to cats, a bath can do a great deal towards preventing a reaction. (along with good house keeping through vacuuming- all in all, not a good series of events for kitty)
It's not usually just for fun. I've only bathed my cat because she's gross. She likes to play in the litter box. I just washed the sheets, what am I supposed to do?
My cat's fur can get greasy for some reason and sometimes she'd smell like outside when she sits by the screen door, so I used to bathe her every few months (haven't given her a bath in maybe a year or so)..Working at a vet clinic, I've seen cats who couldn't properly clean themselves because they were developing arthritic problems or were too overweight. Of course there's also the flea/tick baths you'd have to give them.
My uncle has a cat who is so horribly overweight they have to bath him and wash the streak of shit and piss matted in that area. It's so gross.
Cats are generally very clean but can neglect their hygeine when they get older.  I never had to do anything to clean my cat until she was about 18 and wasn't flexible enough to reach her back legs anymore.
I have a mentally retarded cat who's also a bit bowlegged, so he a) doesn't understand cleaning himself and b)isn't capable of getting to all the places that need cleaning..He used to fall asleep in the litterbox, too. So he gets baths. 
They just seem clean. Wash them and you'll know how dirty they really are.
This is so very true.  It's probably good for them to stay that way, but yikes. Licking yourself may not always be the best course of action.
The only time I've ever bathed my cat was to get rid of fleas. It seems a little silly to do it otherwise. 
Cats don't need to be bathed, this is just cruel (imo). I owned a cat for years and they are always very clean! 
I clean my cat because she has long leg hairs and tends to pee on herself. 
One time my cat dumped a potted plant on himself. I decided a bath was better than cleaning up potting soil barf, so he got a bath and a lesson about playing in plants.
Never bathed any of my cats. They're pretty good at taking care of that themselves. My current "girl" always smells delicious :)
Cats can generally be left alone. However if they somehow get something sticky or dirty on them(dirt, their own poop, the litter) it might be necessary to give them a wash.
I only bathed my old cat once because a friend brought in fleas.
I'm american and i've never bathed my cat. Maybe they just spilled things on their cat by accident. last I knew, cats clean themselves just fine.
You... you I like.
Cats have an extremely high concentration of bacteria in their mouths, by the way.
humans have more - a human bite has a higher percentage of getting infected than either a dog or cat bite.
Doesn't every animal?
Humans have more bacteria in their mouths than dogs do... not sure about how it would relate to cats...
We need Cat Facts around here.
Old cats can stop cleaning themselves.
That old cat smell, you know it the moment you step into a fair percentage of generic apartment buildings. 
And I must be immune to my cats bacteria then. I am becoming stronger through exposure.
As long as they stay healthy, cats are more than capable of keeping themselves clean. They might be more likely to require a bath if they're outdoor cats, I guess, but otherwise it's not usually necessary.
Interesting, i now slightly want a cat
Cats are (usually) great low-key pets. As kittens they require a bit more care, but a healthy adult cat just needs to be fed, have a clean litterbox, and you're good to go. Don't need constant attention unlike dogs, but can actually be played with unlike animals like fish or some of the smaller rodents.
But don't be the asshole that never plays with a cat when they want to play.  They do need some stimulation and exercise, especially if they're indoor cats.
If you play nonstop with kittens they turn out a lot friendlier. 
Definitely. That's the time to get them used to being touched/held/played with. My cat has no issues with being rubbed on the belly or anything like that, like many cats do, and I'm pretty sure (anecdotal evidence warning) that it's because he got used to it young. He also never gets into one of those "moods" that some cats do..Nature vs. nurture, I guess.
I've had him almost fifteen years (rescued him from the streets when he was six months old). He's always been very clean. The other day he must have gotten into something terrible while outside because when he came back in he stank to high heavens. Hence his first ever "proper" bath. .He was a good sport about it, by the way, once he accepted that I wasn't going to succumb to his thrashing claws and hissing. That's when he just looked resigned. I think in this picture he was thinking, "Okay, fine, Human. I know where you sleep. ."
Be careful when you bathe him, older cats can go into shock and have heart attacks during baths. It just happened to my friend with his 13-year-old cat. Petco won't bathe cats 9 years or older..As long as he stays calm and the water is warm enough (cats have higher body temperatures than humans so water that feels warm enough to you may not be warm enough to him) I think he'll be ok, but also look into bathing wipes for cats.
Aw that is so sweet of you. I love to hear stories of rescued pets. He must be one special cat. Haha... did he smell like poop or dead animal? .In that picture he definitely looks mad. You better watch out tonight..
Hard to describe the smell. Definitely not feces, closer to what you'd expect to smell near a dumpster. There are no dumpsters in my neighborhood though so he must have gotten into some kind of garbage....Yeah, I didn't so much as rescue him as he decided to live with me. Damned stray wouldn't leave me alone. Then one day it was raining outside and he was sitting on my porch looking miserable so I finally thought, "God dammit. Fine. Come in. But you're not staying.".That was fifteen years ago. 
Oh yeah cats dig what is in the trash. He was a traveling man it seems. .That is the cutest story. Sounds like you two are inseparable. Who said a cat can't be a man's best friend :)
Not I, certainly! Spencer chose me and that was that. I've taken care of him in his down-times and he's been there for me during mine. No amount of Prozac can replace what it's like to have someone, or some., love you unconditionally. .Unfortunately, and not to ruin the mood here, but... his time is likely short. He's losing weight for no good reason, he's behaving oddly, and the veterinarians just say, "Well, he's fifteen... that's old.". It might explain why, after so many years, he ended up stinking for the first time ever. .But don't lose heart! He still has fight left in him. He still hunts (though not as much as back when) and he did not go into that sink without scratching me. .That said? His days are likely numbered. :(
Did they pull blood to check for hyperthyroid?
Aww I am sad to hear that. A loss of not just a pet, but a family member is devastating. I certainly hope you have more time with him, 15 years is a long time. I am sure he has more time in him, he sounds like a strong willed cat. .Knowing your beloved animal is sick and dying just weighs heavily on the heart. Reminds me of my dog brittany, grew up with her. She was 13 when she passed away, which I know Is a long life lived. It is how she died that was painful. .She started not eating or drinking. Her breathing wasn't normal. I was home with her that day, I remember calling my mom to tell her brittany wasn't doing well. I was preparing myself to loose my beloved friend. I dug a hole in my backyard that day once my sister came home. Never had to dig a burial before, I couldn't stop crying..God even talking about it now makes me teary eyed, 3 years ago. We took her to the vet and I just remember the dr. Coming in saying it wasn't good. She had an enlarged heart and it had flipped somehow. She was drowning away. I started crying before she said anything else. I realized my favorite animal was dying and I felt helpless. I had to walk out of the vet. My sisters and my mom and I that day put her to sleep. I couldn't watch her stop breathing, wanted to remember her alive. We took her back home in a box, had her wrapped in a blanket and we buried her that evening. .I was so depressed months after. House was too quiet, I hated being at home. I would often just go outside and talk to her as if she was still present. I moved last year from that house and the sadness of feeling like I left her came to me..It still gets me worked up today about it. Goes to show how important our animals are to us and have a strong impact on our lives. I currently have a dog who is 2 and he helped tremendously. I just know that I will be emotional with every animal I will have..Love on that cat like you have never loved him before :) 
Ik how you feel it's literally the worst feeling losing a pet that you've had your whole life growing up there not even a pet there a family member a brother,sister,friend at that point.I lost my 18yr old weimaraner  last year that was around since I was born and then my 14yr old Akita this year that was like my guardian as a kid she straight up fought a bear off that charged me in the woods. The whole reason we got her was so I would sleep in my room when I was a little kid cause I was afraid of the dark. I still keep her collar in my room.
Aww I am sorry to hear that. It kills me also that there are countless pets that are abused. So many people could love those animals unconditionally. Pretty much any animal I get now will be a rescue..I also do keep my dogs color. And also the blanket she used when she was sick. For the longest time I would smell it for comfort. Sadly overtime her smell went away. I still have pieces of her forever. I also made myself and my mom a keychain in rememberance of her. I will probably forever get choked up over the loss of my beloved dog.
They have run blood tests. All came back fine.
Maybe he rolled in dead animal?
That first picture makes him look like a Pit bull vampire! 
Is your buddy's dog actually a large albino bat, by any chance? 
AHHH so adorable ! 
He is adorable!
Tell Gary that I love him.
I knew a guy named Gary in high school. Actually I knew him in Junior High and his name was Guillermo. .Cute dog though..Had a cat named Jeff once.
Does he at least  .  like a cat?
Downvoted for feeling the need to mention your cake day.
Hi Gary, nice to meet you. Now straighten up your bow tie and you'll be all set.  Cute little dude.
Is he your new guard dog? He does look very intimidating. 
Why isn't this on the front page yet?
Mostly likely because he mentioned cake day. People hate that shit.
Had every intention of downvoting until I opened the pic
Happy Cakeday from one Cakeday Redditor to another!.P.S.  Your puppy is so cute!!!
bow tie is wonky, would not bang
Gary seems like an alright guy
PLEASE, CALL ME GARY
Gary's bow tie is super cute and so is Gary!
Well hello Gary. My aren't you Dapper. So thoughtful, dressing up for  RedWingWay's cake-day.
Hey Gary!
I like Gary.
My dad who passed away a year ago was named Gary.  Can I have him?
What a lil gentleman :3 
HE HAS A BOWTIE
heh. gary.
I'm ready for my closeup >.<
Looks like a Gary
I have been pretty devastated since losing my cat, Gary, a few weeks ago. This adorable puppy with an adorable name cheered me up -- thank you<3 
P.S. Here is . . :)
I think your adorable pup is a perfect Mr.Gary!  Wishing you both a lifetime of happiness and adventures.
Gary has social anxiety.
I like his little bow tie.
Can I please have your dog?
I also have a Cockapoo but I got him as an adult I always wondered what he looked like as a puppy. If this is any indication of what he looked like I probably would have squeezed his cute little puppy guts out. 
Gare-Bear!
I call my kitty Gare-bear!

"Smell ya later!"
I was hoping it would be gary the snail... Fuck. 
Good looking boy you have there! 
My nearly 12 year old cockapoo passed away back in January. Best dog I've ever been with. I miss my big guy so much..Give extra snuggles to Gary for me! :)
Yea...I'm going to have to have you give me your dog.
love it! 
My dog when he was a puppy is almost identical. Mini labradoodle 
Hello Garold. No you can not have any of my san- ok fine
what a cunt
Fuck you Gary
ACT GARY!
My cat has that same bow tie! 
That dog kinda looks like Benji.
"Put on the bow-tie Gary, we're sending you to the front page"
He looks like a Gary. His name fits him perfectly.
Gary looks kind of like Bill Nye. Adorbs.
GAAAAARY? GAAAAARY!!!
Garrryy..
HA Haaa. GARY!
I like when dogs have people names.
Omg, me too!
STRAIGHTEN YOUR FUCKIN' BOW-TIE, GARY! Amateurs...
It must be a Gary thing, because my cat . can't figure out ties either.
Gary made a fool of himself at the company Christmas party after getting wasted on Costco brand vodka and attempting to feel up Snowball from accounting.
Classic Gary.
I want to steal your dog.
LOL. He's a good boy too. CockaPoo. Cocker spaniel Poodle mix. 

 They look kind of similar!
How old? He looks a little small for a cockapoo.
3 months
I'm about to get my second Cock-a-Poo! My current one is the most awesome dog I have ever had. . You're going to have lots of fun with him. 
Ah, that looks about right then..Don't be surprised if he turns a much lighter color!
GIMME DAT NUG
The kill rate at my local shelter is like 90% and they are overrun with kittens, too, so even the babies are being euthanized. And it's not sweet and gentle, either; they do it without anesthetic to save money. Do NOT take her to a shelter. I've had good luck with Craigslist ads. Just give them adorable names and specify that a home visit is necessary. Talk to potential families about vet care, spay/neuter, their history with pets, etc.  If you get a bad vibe, no kitten for them!  Try to get em fixed before rehoming them, too--the females, if nothing else. Cats multiply crazy fast. 
ITS SO FLUFFY I AM GOING TO DIE... no seriously. Its adorable!!!
Isn't this the reason you don't feed stray animals?  They easily survive and breed in the streets?  
i think typically a stray kitten will love you more than one from a shelter
Please sir, may I have some more?
So i also have been feeding a few cats for about a year and 6 months. I have 5 cats at the moment but the momma cat looks like she is pregnant again. Anyone know of a way to safely give these guys a home? I'm scared to take them to shelters because they usually always tell me that if they are not adopted they need to be put to sleep. I do not want this to happen to them so i was wondering if anyone had any suggestions? P.S. these cats are to kind/fun/lazy to not be given a good home.
Me and my neighbors feed the start cats in the area, we pool money up to get them spayed and their required shots. 
The cuteness broke my screen, THANKS OBAMA!
Yeah the kitten is cute but seriously, get the cat and the kittens spayed and neutered. 
How to send kitty pizza?
MORE PICTURESSSSSSSS
OMFG! I want to fucking rub its little head and nuzzle it. FG. 
Bullshit
in the months you've been feeding it have you tried to find it a home?
Those eyes ARE registered as weapons, yes? Wow. No resisting that.
Cat is no longer a stray. You feed it, you own it pal. You better provide proper vet care or I'm calling in animal cruelty.
Please sir, may I have some food too?
"I can haz milk too?" 
Yeah I started feeding a kitten. That was 4 years ago and he is now a careless asshole.
Awww!!!! I want it!
OP they are your kittens now. I would keep them and give a few away or take them to a shelter to find a home
I understand that people have the best intentions when feeding strays. But it really needs to stop. All it does is allow for more unwanted cats to be breed.
Oh God.  That face..Take this upvote.  It's yours now, kitty.
I don't love cats, but I want to keep this one in my pocket!
I hate to be that guy, but you should contact a no-kill rescue and have the cats removed.  If they were to get into a car's engine bay they would not be happy.  Feeding them (at work of all places) is a pretty irresponsible thing to do for such a long time..I volunteer with animal shelters and it's kitten season, you're may have 500 new litters if you keep feeding like this.
Please please get her fixed! Depending on where you are, there may be an organization that will do stray cat spaying for free. 
Please remember that you're probably either doing something wrong to the cats, or not doing something right.
Can i eat it?
A kitten or kitty is a juvenile cat.
More pictures! That made my day!
Didn't your mother ever teach you not to feed stray cats?
"Duchess! Kittens! Where are you?!"
This warmed my calous heart.
T     .
Aaaahhhhhh. . pls stahp. My heart. It is melting. 
Get her spayed please and try to find homes who will spay and neuter the kittens when they are old enough as well. :-)
You're making more strays
I though the title said "I've been feeding my friend cats"...
Being a skeptic i need more evidence. Where are the photos of the other kittens and the original cat. I think you just found a pic of a cat on the internet and made up a story to go with it.
"kids" and only took a pic of one? playing favorites, I see
Thanks for increasing the feral cat population, OP.

The only reason why I didn't squeal from the cuteness was because I'm in a docs waiting room. But...AWW!! 
Good job. Please spay and neuter them all. Look for low cost clinics or organizations in your area that could help defer the cost.
aww. I'd look into organizations that take the Kittens and fix the parents. I went to ASU and there was a club that was dedicated to this practice. Otherwise I'd probably just take them home and find them their forever homes from there. It's so much easier for individuals to find placements for animals than the shelters because you can hold them for as long as you need and they won't get kennel cough at you house, where as they're almost guaranteed it at a shelter. Also, just gonna put it out there, shelters are usually terrifying for cats. All the meowing and barking.
Why are you making that face at me, Mr. Kitty?! 
See if you can find a Feral cat rescue in your area.  They will find homes for the tamer kitties and spay/neuter the wild ones and put them back in their colony. called Trap, Neuter, Release.
"snag one, and put it in the bucket"
FEED ME A STRAY CAT.
That's ridiculous. That cat is so cute it's ridiculous.  
Keeping them, right?
Why don't kittens ever happen to me?!
Oh well, time to steal one. 
YO! A few years back my wife and I got into the habit of feeding a stray cat family outside of our work.  We loved those cats and their kittens, we eventually ended up taking in the one female cats after she got pregnant... a few weeks after that animal control came and trapped all of the rest of the cats and they probably ended up being exterminated. Just be careful making friends with stray cats.
This reminds me of how I got my kitty. It was raining and I sat on the porch listening to music, a small shadow in the distance was closer in view. The shadow was a small, soaked, and adorable cat. I picked her up and went door-to-door in the pouring rain to see if anyone would claim her. No one had claimed her. So, I went back to my porch and fed her cheerios and gave her some milk (Mind you, I was fourteen, and had not had a cat since I was a single digit.) I couldn't take her in that night, but within a week, I begged and pleaded my way into having the most loyal and loving cat that I could ever ask for. Unfortunately, she was pregnant and too young to have babies, so we had to abort the kittens to prevent her from serious complications..TL;DR: I adopted a prego cat and had to abort the litter. 
Did you name the cat Cheerios?
Curious kitten
Those eyes!  ugh I'm melting from all the cuteness...
At first, innocent eyes. Later comes pain and suffering.
Its head is so fluffy! 
That. Is. Precious.
Could one of them just wonder over to my place, just maybe..?
What a woolly-headed cutie pie!
...that kitten is looking straight into my soul...
Are you my daddy?
SOOOOO................CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTE!
In the arms...of...the a-a-angels...
My head just exploded into candy. Thanks, OP.
Feed one homeless person, and the next thing you know, they start multiplying..."Spare some change?"
"Change?!"
It's not even that amazing, but it just seems that way to me. Just the fact that the mother basically "checked you out" to make sure you're safe and stuff, and then decided it was okay to start bringing her kittens along is awesome.
so fluffy!!! and puffy!
100% cute overload.
AAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
OMG she is so adorable :')
All I hear is sarah mclaughlin.
That kitten has a moustache. 

Quick! Find the remote!
I'll take that kitten if it is available
Nice job.  Cute little thing.
The ratio of forehead to face and the moistness of the eyes are pleasing to me. 
I read this as " I have been feeding it friendly stray cats for months" and I got worried.
Dem paws! :3 I hope you're keeping one of the kids! 
 Thanks, I needed a smile.
I need to punch a wall to regain my manhood.
This happened to me last year, my neighbours took all 3 of them! If you feed a stray it will never leave you lol.
Of course she brought them, she wants you to support them too. 
D'awww you're chosen!!! Do they let you pick them up?
Stray you say not any more, She has a home now
what a cute kitten :3
it's a sir :)
You need to take the kittens to a shelter. They will be adopted in no time and get their proper coarse of shots and be neutered. There is no sense in them living on the street. 
"Hamburger pls."
Sooooo sweet! 
Grats on making me teary eyed
More pictures please!
How could one deny it with a cute face like that? Gimmie!
All I could think was this while looking at those eyes...

So so cute!!!!
I haven't AWWd out loud in too long.
This really made my day.  The cat wants to know when she can move in.
Welfare leech, get a fucking job!!
awww level 99
First and foremost....Oh that face is adorable and thanks for caring enough to feed Momma with that said...  .Yes as already said get them fixed we have been caring for a feral colony for almost 6 years now (Sadly this year we lost a few of them including one we were able to bring in the house he had a bad heart and broke mine) and we had them all fixed otherwise they just mass produce like you couldn't imagine..
There are usually either rescue organizations or just individuals that help get this done.
I'm strictly a dog person but damn, that's too cute. 
you must take them in...the mom is intelligent enough to use her children to score a safe place to sleep.
Ha your boss will be very happy now that he has stray cats running around his place of business. 

too much cute
you are actually getting screened for adoption. I suggest you take it!
More pictures!  
FEED HER ALREADY!
Hopefully if she gets spayed there's less chance of more kitties going to kill shelters later on. .There are some place where clinics offer free or reduced spay/neuter services every once in a while.  OP should look into that for their area. Even if it costs, the coworkers could chip in. A few bucks a piece could mean a lot less stray cats down the road. 
Damn...feed a woman and she expects you to feed the children too?! That cat must be a hood rat.
i think you should pet zone that cat, along with the litter : o)
Good lord, I can't look at it any more. It's just, too, cute.
little wet kitty eyes just... awwwwwwwwwwwww
The amount of aww in this photo is exponential 
That picture is like the Seinfeld episode: "Wouldn't you like to become a big brother for a cat like me?"
Moar pics!
i did the same thing. but the cat leaves for days at a time and i keep the food in the garage. im leaving for a long time in a few months. whats the cat going to eat then?
Such a cute cat
Grey fluffy kitties?! So cute!
Oh my goodness!  It's too cute!  I wanna squish it with a huge hug!
aww very cute kitty 
I had to punch a hole in a wall to feel manly again..

I'm curious, what kind of cat is this?  I've been feeding a stray cat that comes by and he looks like this, but much older.
So adorable!  Congrats!
That little kitten is the most adorable little thing! I love that you were kind and fed her, but it makes me so sad that she's a stray in the first place :( Hope you manage to find good homes for them all, and the mother too! :) 
"The nice lady feeds us."."That's cool, mom. I kinda just wanted to stay in lick myself, though...."
Where can I get a job that lets me play with cats on the clock?
OMG. That face. I melted.
I hate cats but I CAN'T SAY NO TO THOSE FUCKING EYES
Get her and the babies fixed, please!!! Most places have a fix and release program, and you'll keep them from bringing more unwanted kittens into the world.  They are cute though.
Anddddd I'm in love. I'll take it!
How you let that kitty go is beyond me. I'd of had that mum litter in my car so fast my bosses head would of spun.
You have betrayed her tiny trust.
Run OP. She wants child support.
Oh my, my!! So precious!!
--Cute!

I had a friend who fed a stray. One night there was a rainstorm. She went out on the porch to put out food for the stray and the cat  began bringing her kittens into the house. She brought in 4. They all stayed there for life. 
Can we stop with the "GET HER SPAYED NOW!!!!!JKLJDKL:FS" comments? I completely understand why it's so important to do so. I think everyone knows that. Can't we just enjoy how cute the cats are?.I guess I could just get my ass out of the comments, then I wouldn't be annoyed. But I can't be the only one!
I don't know. I think it's important to discuss how actions have consequences. OP didn't appear to consider that. The cruelness is made worse by the cuteness. I'm GLAD redditors are humane enough to be concerned. 
I do suppose you have a point. I guess that's just something I would do without hesitation. I shouldn't assume everyone has common sense!
No, because that "awww how cute" mentality needs to be put aside when it comes to strays.  Save it for housecats.  This shit is irresponsible and reckless.  You said you completely understand why it's important, so what's the problem?
It's just a buzzkill. They're just trying to make us smile! 
We already found good homes for all five and the mother is getting spayed. She is the only one we ever fed because she would literally hang in the window and meow non stop until you gave her attention. In hindsight, we should have done something before she had kittens but im glad we were at least able to cover for our mistake.
yayayyayayayaayyayayaa
That's how I got my first kitten! Fed a pregnant cat for months until one day we noticed she wasn't pregnant. The next day she brought her kittens one by one. After taking care of them for weeks, we gave them all away except for one. 
You are adopting? Right? ... Right?
There were originally five and I've found good homes for three. I'm still working on the last two.
The best cat my family ever had was a stray that adopted us. You should probably just keep her.
Do you ship internationally?

If you are both near international airports then it shouldn't be a problem.
Better hope for no assembly required..

The mom obviously likes and trusts you. So you are obviously her property at this point. Time to take her home.
"See, kids, this is how you manipulate a human into feeding you. Learn this trick well and you shall never hunger."
You sound like you have experience taking moms home with you.
MILFs... Cats... it's all the same!
CILF _
CILTH - Cats I'd like to take home... sadly I became alergic a few years ago.
CILTTHIIHAH - Cats I'd like to take home if I had a home.
CILFAHF- Cat i'd like to find a home for....
CILFAHFAIFI
what does this mean?
Cat I'd like to find a home for after I fuck it.

As a self professed manly man, not a lot of things make me go "AWWWWW", but jesus christ those eyes. .They're deep..Like the ocean.

Showed this to a group of cops. Melted hearts. 
Got away with the ticket for using cellphone while driving?

Was that before or after they shot it because it was a "threat"?
No, because i think all we would have to worry about is one of em snuggling into your pockets or vest. .Dont do the vest though, its stinky
And that's why you don't name a cat "Skittles".
and I you do not fix the stray mom, this will happen 2x a year. .catch her, fix her and let he back same with all the little ones!
Listen to this man! I fed a cat when I found out she had three kittens. 5 more have popped out since then x_x 

What a floozy.
And then fix the babies when they're old enough. 
wut
Exactly what I came to say :)
I know this is the right thing to do, but I was looking to get a cat fixed and the cheapest I could find a vet to do it was for $196. What am I doing wrong?
Like others have said there are occasional programs that will run in some areas that offer dirt cheap spay/neutering. The cheapest I've heard of is a local program that occurs once or twice a year where you can take your pets to a mobile vet van and have them taken care of for about $8. I was surprised when i heard it too, but apparently it exists!
There are often drives to get pets spayed and neutered, at least where I live. They are fairly seasonal, and if not free are very cheap.
Don't look at vets.  Look at non-profits
Don't use a vet. Try to find a Humane Society or other animal rescue/care clinic. They will usually perform the operation for under $50.
That shit costs money.
I can catch her but I don't know how to fix her. Could you link me to a Youtube video on how to do this?
This should be free for anyone who brings a stay cat to the vet. As a non-american I find your health care system (and many other things) just pure disgusting.
Cheap spay rates are usually dependent on there being a not-for-profit spay and neuter clinic.  Honestly, if there are no reasonable spay options available to you, then I don't think anyone would blame you for not doing anything.

There are actually programs around that do it for this sort of thing and also programs for reduced costs. Try looking around for something like "Spay/Neuter and Release Program" something might be going on in your area.  If you can't do that look for something like "Free Pet Clinic" or "Low cost animal clinic". depends on your area.
This should apply to people as well. I would save SO much on taxes!
Actually, I've given some thought to the idea of giving every male baby a vasectomy. That way, they could have as much sex as they want (barring STDs, of course) without unwanted pregnancies. Then, whenever they are actually ready to have a baby, they can just have the procedure reversed. 
Are you sure sterilizing homeless people would save you taxes? Homeless people don't breed. Probably cost you more in taxes. Especially in civil rights lawsuits..Or are you advocating rounding up poor people? Or a particular minority you don't like?.What are you suggesting?
That would only work if vasectomies were consistently and reliably reversible..By the time the kid is 25, that vasectomy done when he was an infant would be pretty much irreversible..Vasectomies should always be assumed to be permanent..  Also, as a parent, I'm not keen on any elective medical procedure being performed on my infant that has the potential to injure or maim them.  I know of men whose vasectomies went fine, but I also know a guy who almost died due to an infection and who still, some 15 years later, occasionally experiences pain from it.  He doesn't regret the vasectomy, since he chose to have it done for good, personal reasons.  But I wouldn't feel right making that decision for my infant son.  Heck, I'm not even in favour of circumcision, for the same reasons! 
Wow. Well, I really did not know that..TIL.
That's okay, it's not a terrible idea at all.  It's just not doable at the moment, with the medical technology we have..And the last time it was tried, it was Norplant.  They targeted the slow release contraceptive drug at poor minority teenagers, which might make some sense in that they're the least likely to be able to support unwanted babies.  But on the flip side, they're also the population least likely to be able to understand the risks and give informed consent.  And ultimately it made a number of women very sick, there were lawsuits and it had to be pulled from the market..When true reversible sterilization finally does hit the market, I'm hoping this time they'll have the good sense to avoid giving it to the most vulnerable populations first.  I know everyone wants to say that "those" people shouldn't be having babies, and "these" people should have more babies, but it's not until "these" people embrace it that "those" people will feel  safe to use it.  And for good reason!  Science has been abusing "those" people for generations.
Completely agreed. I just don't think there should be ANY unwanted babies at all, you know? If we could make the conscious decision to say "OK, I am ready to have, support and love a child" then the world would be a better place. 
It would!.The only caveat to that is that sometimes babies are wanted very much, for all the wrong reasons.."I want a baby because it'll love me no matter what."."I want a baby because all my friends have one."."I want a baby because baby clothes are SO cute!"."I want a baby because then my partner won't leave me."."I want nine babies so I can build my own baseball team."
Suddenly, I am consumed by an overwhelming desire to have my own baseball team. 
Forced sterilization?
When you say it like that it makes it sound wrong or something. 

Homeless people get sterilized > Sue > Win money > No longer homeless! :D
Feeding them and releasing them into the wild ?
Posting pictures of their kids on reddit?
The USA already tried that. It actually was a pretty bad deal for most people tho considering that some children were sterilized at young ages based on their behavior in school or at home. A teacher could recommend that you be sterilized back then, it didn't even have to be a doctor. The idea was to try to keep the mentally handicapped from reproducing, but back then (and even now in some cases) child's psychology was lacking. It was eventually ruled unconstitutional because a woman who had been sterilized as a child under the assumption that she was mentally unfit to handle children grew up to be a well balanced adult and sued the state to stop the practice. Besides that there is the fact that most professional biologists will tell you that eugenics is a flawed theory based on how genes randomly appear in DNA anyways. Something about how each person has the chance for about 3 genetic variations. (every 10,000 nucleotides?) So there is no way to completely wipe out a gene within a population like that because it will just keep reappearing on its own anyways. (I understand this was probably more a baby-momma welfare joke, but the points still have to be said.)
Are there people who should simply not reproduce still? I'm sure there are many hereditary things I would not enjoy suffering from. 
Well in general it takes two to tango. So while one person may have a gene that could cause problems in a child of theirs it would take their spouse also having the same gene to cause it. Annnddd then you get into the whole punnet square deal where you have say a 1/4 chance of having a normal child while having a 3/4 chance of your child dying, etc. Also there's something called gene counseling nowadays where you can go in with a spouse and have your genes tested to determine the risks your child runs for certain genetic diseases. I imagine if you were up to it you could find a sperm/egg donor who didn't have that gene so that you could have the child still if it was an issue with your spouse. If you want any examples of those punnet square genetics problems you can google previously released AP bio exams. (took college level bio, but they are great study tools!)

Do you remember where you heard about this? I would love to read it.
From what I've seen of reality TV, yes.
I don't know if we should get her spayed or if we should take our chances and take her to the shelter. She is the friendliest cat I ever been around and she deserves to be with a family. She's probably no more than a year and half old so hopefuly some one would take her.
See if you have a local cat rescue or similar program. 
May depend on what part of the country you live in. We're in Houston and th city shelters are overrun and around 40% of the animals taken there are put down. Maybe look into some no kill shelters or some rescue groups that would help you get them all vetted, fixed, etc and adopted. We've found a good one in Houston that has a good public image, great PR, bios online for the animals, etc. 
catch + spay/neuter + release
+ 10 year Rabies shot.
see that's the only thing that's bad about release.  the diseases all the outdoor cats are spreading to one another.  it's really a morally gray area for me.  I don't want the cat to get PTS at the shelter and there's so much disease being spread anyway when people let their cats outside and from countless feral cat colonies.  Some of these diseases don't even have vaccines, or if they do, they aren't 100% effective, or they have to be done on a periodic basis (good luck finding that cat you let go every few years to get him/her updated on shots).
If it is a wild cat and it lives long enough for a 10 year rabies shot to wear off I would be amazed and the rabies shot is mostly to protect humans..Wild cats are wild you have the option of helping stop more wild cats from happening by spaying it and helping prevent it from spreading rabies. Or you can take it to the pound where it will be killed because it is next to impossible to get a truly wild cat to be adopted. Or you can do nothing. .I know quite a few businesses including and amusement park that pays to catch and release the cats on their property just because they do just a good job solving pest problems. The amusment park i worked at had ~150 cats even though they never brought a single one there they all just showed up over time and they finally decided to manage the population to stop it from exploding.
I'm talking about shots that are needed yearly to every 3 years.
Then the cat will have a 3 year longer life span then it would have previously had? I agree adopting it would be the best option but really in a lot of cases like this all you can do is try to make their life a little better and prevent it from happening again by spaying/neutering them.
it's not only that cat that's affected by the three year timeline, it's other cats that can catch what the unvaccinated cat picked up where the problem is too.  .I also stand where you stand on this issue.  my first comment is the root of this thread of comments, and my stance is .because I'd rather the cat lived than have a very small chance of being adopted at the shelter.  plus, people also take in stray cats, so setting the cat free gives him another shot at being adopted..I was merely talking about all this vaccination business, because that is one of the downsides of releasing.  Even with that downside, I still think letting the cat have what life he/she can is more important.
Older cats - even a year have a harder time finding homes. Kittens will have no problems..Some vet clinics have programs where you can bring in strays and they'll find homes. There is likely a handful of other resources as well. Some organizations offer very inexpensive spay / neuter services (even free in some cases)..Make some phone calls and you'll soon find resources. Good luck..Edit: we adopted a cat who was a year and a half. He was waiting for a home for six months. Friendliest guy, he got cheers when we took him home. What I learned from that is many people assume that since they are more closely considered an adult that they'll have traits or tendencies already established that would be undesirable. 
Can you have her spayed and then hang on to her while you find her a home? 
get em adopted! reddit and craig's list are your friends. even good ol fashion word of mouth.
Get her spayed. If there is a TNR group near you, they're your best bet. She will live longer and stop having kittens. She may even have a family and be an outdoor cat. If she looks healthy, and especially if she doesn't, see if you can find a local rescue who will take her. Her chances will be much better at a rescue than at animal control, or a traditional humane society, many of whom still euthanize after a specific timeframe. Also she should be scanned to see if she is microchipped. She could be lost.
Both? Give her a good chance of being adopted!
The shelter will spay her anyways. There should be some charities around that will help you out with the cost. 
If you only have one female it actually won't get out of hand. If the kittens are female then you might have a ticking timebomb.
Make sure the shelters no kill. If not, try to find a rescue in your area c:
She's your cat now.  If you take her to a shelter she might end up killed.  If you take her to a no-kill shelter then another cat that could have had that space and needed it might end up killed.  Your cat.
See if your local animal shelter has any sort of voucher program or trap/neuter/release program. Our local shelter does both and the first program is how we managed to get our cats fixed (similar story: started taking care of a stray who turned out to be preggo, had to get her and the kittens all fixed before they started breeding with each other).
Why not you?
I don't mean to sound harsh, but if you have the audacity to feed it regularly at work, why don't you just adopt the cat(s) yourself? There is no better home for a cat than your own, IMO. People like you are who these animals really deserve to be with.
Even if they are 'no kill', they can just send them off to a kill shelter, so no shelter is safe. Best you spray release her, or adopt her yourself.
While I agree that the safest option is TNR or adopting her yourself, this is a common misconception. Only the crappiest "no kill" shelters will actually ship animals off to a kill shelter. Any reputable no kill shelter takes responsibility for the animal for its entire life.
I respectfully disagree. Even the best no-kill shelters often find themselves over capacity and running out of resources. They will do the best they can to relocate animals to no kill rescues and organizations but sometimes they have to make tough decisions..The local no-kill in my area does the best they can. When someone turns in an animal and they don't have room for it, they try to contact other organizations, but often they have to send to animal to the animal control facility and keep it on a waiting list to move over to the no kill. So if space opens up, the animal gets a spot in the no kill, but if not, they take their chances at the regular shelter. (Once in the no kill shelter, the animal is taken care of for life).The reality of it is, not every animal can be saved, and even no kill shelters with the best of intentions have to put animals in situations where they may end up being put down. 
 no kill shelters don't take in new animals if they don't have space. They never send animals to kill facilities. .You can't turn in an animal to . no kill shelter if they are full..Hence the comment I am replying to which says they will "send them off" is simply untrue. They will never take the animal to begin with.. no kill shelters will not send an animal off to a kill shelter, but they will send animals off to other rescues or to a foster home..I am a director of an animal rescue. I do, actually, know what I'm talking about..If a shelter claims to be no kill, but sends animals directly to a kill shelter, they are not no kill. They are a kill shelter outsourcing the killing.
You didn't specify closed admission. And it's still related to the point I was trying to make. Closed admission isn't really better. If you need to give away an animal, and all of the closed admission shelters are full, they can't help you and you have to take it to a kill shelter. So yes, they don't kill animals, but they are stuck in a system where they are basically sending animals to kill shelters. .That is why I prefer my local no kill. They tell you your options, put your animal on a list, and try their best to transfer it in to their shelter if they are able. Your animal still has a chance to get in, which is better than being turned away all together. It doesn't make them one of "only the crappiest 'no kill shelters'"
Putting it on a list is still closed admission. Every closed admission shelter has "a list".
That is not true. I have volunteered at a lot of shelters, not they do not all have lists. Plenty will just turn animals away..And the one I'm talking about, my favorite, will actually admit the animals to the shelter, check them out, photograph them, and feature them on a "waiting list" section of their available animals. .And then they send them to the kill shelter and hope they get adopted or can be transferred..I don't know if we are arguing over semantics or actually are in disagreement. All I wanted to point out is that .This statement is incorrect. Since the reputable one I am referring to has to ship animals to kill shelters. And that taking your animal to a no kill, even a good one, is not a guarantee. 

Spay her (after she's done nursing) and release her.  Cats are pretty damn good at taking care of themselves anyway.  If you don't want to adopt her directly (or don't know someone who does) then don't get her into the shelter system where she'll eventually be killed if she doesn't find a home..The only difference between a stray cat and a cat with a home is that one of them has annoying humans who lock the damn door at night.
The audacity to feed a cat...? Wow really? 
Audacity is not the best word choice, either the cat feeder's choice was bold and courageous, or rude and disrespectful.  Both of those definitions don't seem fitting in this situation.  
I don't know where you live but in many shelters the live release rate of cats is like 20%, meaning 80% are killed..It's probably safer for her to just stay a stray, but you should catch her and spay her once the kittens are gone. If you can keep giving her food, she'll be fine where she's at..The only truly safer alternative is for you or someone you know to personally take her in..Many organizations will spay feral cats for free.
Spayed feral cats keep new ferals from coming into the area.
I don't know many that will spay for free but you can get it real cheap. Most pounds will do it for ~$20 make sure to tell them it is feral and they will also give it a 10 year rabies shot and tip her ear so people will know she is good.
If you take her to a shelter there is a chance that she will eventually be sent to a kill shelter. .If you've been feeding her for a few months, she'll probably be fine.
um thats not really how shelter ops go its usually the reverse, no kill shelters like humane societies and etc get a lot of their animals from kill shelters. if its not released to a kill shelter to begin with its not going to be transferred to one..but yes i would always recommend going to a no kill organization or a rescue instead of surrendering to a shelter especially since its kitten season and many adoptable pets are being put down daily due to lack of space..source: 20 years of rescue experience.
You mean a shelter with limited resources and an abundant number of incoming animals/pets?.A cat that young (the mother) would have a good chance of finding a home.
That cat could live in my pocket forever. 
Most of the shelters that accept stray cats are the kill shelters.  Since it's summer, it is a bad time to send cats to shelters (they get full). 
I'm going to look for a no kill shelter if we decided to move her. I think she is probably a stray and not a feral cat because she has been extremely friendly from day one. We were thinking about getting her spayed and releasing her but this area is nothing but one big death trap for cats. I'm actually surprised she and her kittens survived to this point with the coyotes and hawks that we have around here.
Keep her!!!
Usually, if you approach a no kill shelter and offer to pay to get her fixed, shots, and provide cost for either a spot at a shelter or with a foster to cover food, care, vet visits etc until she is adopted out, they'll be far more willing to work with you. 
Even 'kill shelters' can be good shelters. Visit the shelter first and make sure it's clean and the cats don't all look sick. Ask management what percentage of cats they put down a year. I work with a fantastic city shelter that does have to put down sometimes, but they take fantastic care of their animals and have very very high adoption rates. 
Could she be chipped?
No kill shelters don't kill, but they send to kill shelters after a while. My suggestion is put her on kijiji (do they have kijiji where you live?) or something similar once you get her spayed. 
check with spay and release groups! I live in an area where animal control is done by the police and even they work willingly with spay and release groups with cats(unless there is a complaint about particular strays). 
No kill shelters are a just a halfway house to the kill shelters a lot of times. 
if you can afford to spay her, it would still be good to do regardless of what you decide. Cats can get pregnant again pretty quickly after giving birth...
If she's survived this long in the open she may not take well to being a household pet..I absolutely support the spaying though, you really should try to do that.
Can't you give her a job at the company?
Or you could just let her be. 
Keep in mind, if there was plenty of room in no kill shelters in your area, there wouldn't be kill shelters.
Try Craigslist, too. We got our cat (kitten at the time) on Craigslist. Best find ever!
you know you could always contact a local rescue and temp foster her until she gets adopted. you can take pics and most rescues have petfinder accounts where they can post the pics.  There are a lot of coyotes too where i live in texas and the do eat a lot of local animals including peoples dogs. the rescue can probably also cover/help with vetting costs if you foster for them as well..source: 20 yrs of rescue experience
I like this idea, If she's as friendly and personable as op suggest she sounds like she'd be great in sales. She's already shown gumption and ingenuity by getting someone else to feed her!
im sorry but this is awful advice. you have had one good experience but ive been on the other end of this where animals given away on cragislist have come back horribly abused or have been found killed. some abusers have even admitted they look for animals specifically on craigslist to kill. rescues are even circulating a poster that says Do Not Post on Craigslist.source:20 years of rescue experience
Don't you dare tell me I'm giving awful advice. You have 20 years of animal rescue experience where you see this quite often. It's like an ER doctor at a hospital in the bad part of town telling people not to drive through that area there because they will get fatally shot or stabbed because patients are always coming in with stab or gunshot wounds. Correlation does not imply causation. Like anything else have some common sense and use some good judgement. Just because some people do something does not mean all, or even most, people do this. I have had plenty of experience on Craigslist with selling, buying and job hunting. Never had one negative experience and even found 3 different, legitimate jobs..It's just about common sense. Use your judgement and don't be an idiot. Pass on the people you feel aren't up to snuff. Ask people to pay a fee, fill out a form, ask for a cell phone number, copy of drivers license, followup photos, etc..I'm not saying don't go to a shelter, just that if you're not a complete moron you can find a loving person/family on Craigslist as well. .Edit: I see you're getting upvoted. Seems most people don't have common sense or understand how to properly use Craigslist. . 
oh did i mention that the killers/abusers were all screened before they adopted the animal and some even had house visits? yes you did give bad advice initially and then had to amend it. craigslist isnt a place i would use for animals ever and why even take the risk? .less crazies are on petfinder than craigslist and i think THAT is just common sense. 
You. Are. An. Idiot..Then by your own proclamation NOTHING is safe if these tactics can't even weed out abusers. How is PetFinder or shelters any more safe than using the proper techniques on Craigslist? You need a lesson in logic..My original suggestion was to try Craigslist. I expanded upon that with additional suggestions on how to use Craigslist once you questioned it. I didn't HAVE to amend shit. It's general knowledge that certain precautions are necessary when using Craigslist and that was the assumption (albeit probably a bad one) when I made the comment..How the HELL can you attest to that? What makes PetFinder so much better than Craigslist? I've used PetFinder, there is not a big difference between the two mediums. Both let people post animals. Both let people respond to said posts. Both have the possibility of abusers.. <- if scammers can be found on both sites then why not abusers?.It's people like you that instill unfounded fear into people based on the actions of a few and lack of proper knowledge/research. Do you also watch Fox News? 
Apparently i know how to control my emotions, which you sincerely need a lesson in..i would use correct grammar on this, but im on the phone with a customer and dont give 2 shits about you.

Google Trap-Spay/Neuter-Release and your area.  Some do "feral" cats for free, if not it should still be under $100 for the whole magilla.  She might like to be the shop-cat if its okay with your owners until some soft touch takes her home.
What sate are you in? I would take her!
Lots of rescues will help with transport to forever homes, as long as the animal is fixed. Each driver is responsible for a 100 mile leg or so. This is totally feasible!
OP REPLY TO THIS PERSON
Look for possible non-profits in your area. We had one near us that had grant money to spay and neuter stray and feral cats. We called them up and they grabbed 7 cats. They try and find homes for the friendly ones too.
Agreed...I've fostered for non-profits and they get cats like that all of the time. They usually have deals worked out with local vets who spay and neuter at a low cost or sometimes for free. Plus they find a foster family for mama and the babies until they're ready to be adopted.
Why not just get her spayed and re-release her? Shelter life would suck for her at this point.
Not necessarily. If she's as young as OP thinks she is and friendly, she has a good chance at a shelter or with a rescue group, especially a no-kill one. .My family and I have always adopted cats that are at least a year old, not kittens. You get a much better idea of the personality that way. 
because she'll continue her songbird holocaust? Cats are an invasive species. 
FTFY
Who the fuck cares about songbirds?
We'll leave this from The Oatmeal...
Pope Gregory IX hatred of "diabolical" cats, contributed greatly to the Plague.
upvoted purely for the phrase "songbird holocaust," had me laughing. 
Good name for a band...
Once spayed, they aren't invasive. Invasive species is a generational concept. You know, unless that little motherfucker wants in to the bedroom at 5AM to stand on my face and bitch that the food bowl is only 94% full.
They still kill for entertainment, even when spayed. 
Are the animals they're killing in some sort of decline?
Cats kill for entertainment b/c the killed for food pre-domestication. But now they have plenty to eat, however the need to kill is hardwired into their DNA. 
All my cats want to do is kill the moths in the house at night, which I'm quite okay with. Not all cats are motivated super-hunters.
Yes, cat's are thought to be responsible for the . 
If they're dying to such a common predator, isn't that more or less natural?  Not to mention we're talking suburban areas.
The problems with feral domestic cats is that they won't . be fed by hunting but also that kind neighbor lady who sees the "poor stray kitty" and leaves food out for them (like my mom, no matter how much I argue against it) AND they don't have natural predators that will reduce the population. So you have little to no die-off from starvation or predators and an extremely high reproduction rate. That can equal a lot of cats which can more quickly overwhelm a prey species that might be beneficial in other areas, such as pollination and pest control, this affecting other spheres of influence. .That's why it's called the circle of life. Everything is a link somehow, and small changes can have drastic and unwanted effects that echo down the line. 

Cats are an introduced species. Like snakes on pacific islands, and the same is true for birds in suburban areas. 

That's not really the point of them being invasive. They are invasive because they have an obscenely high reproductive competency. They are a predator so if they establish a population they will crowd out what else is out there. A spayed cat may murder all the little rodents and birds it can reach, but from an ecosystem standpoint that cat is a dead end. When it goes its lasting impact will quickly be forgotten. A non-spayed cat has the potential to do that while making a couple dozen kittens a year if they can dumpster dive and stay well fed, and then you have a massive Nazi party of cats oppressing those poor songbirds. Those nazi kittens go on to breed more cat-supremacists and the exponential growth is terrifying. Soon there's nothing whistling at you in the morning on the way to your car. Only the fascist regime of feline ideology putting footprints on my car and not letting me back out of my parking space. All because no one spayed that blonde, blue eyed siamese when they had the chance..TL;DR Spay Nazis.
TIL cats are Nazis 


 Hitler
If one of them could kill the goddamn bird that's whistling outside my bedroom window at . that would be great..Seriously, what the fuck are songbirds doing up at that hour?
Meth.
Important: don't get her fixed until she's done nursing the kittens!!
Why not? We did that to our cat while she had kittens, and she still had the power to feed them AND they are all healthy cats now. Our vet said it was okay, too. 
somewhere above he mentioned that they eat regular food.
Although apparently there may be some flexibility to this, but they at least need to be separated once the cats are weaned and give them a chance to grow big enough. We have 11 week old foster kittens who are 2-3lbs, eating dry food, and still nursing every once in awhile, haha. But the group we work with is waiting to get the momma spayed 'till we can get them separated so she can heal properly. 
No, cats are a pure species. Their efforts to rid their lebensraum of inferior creatures is to be commended.
Heil Kitler!
Well, if I had seen this before I named my new kitten Trogdor, I would have used it.
Meow'n Fuhrer!

Holy fuck, that picture is golden.
Heil Meowtler!
He lobbed up the softball for Kitler and you wiffed it.  A for effort anyway.
Adolf Snuggles. 
That escalated quickly.
I had a cat with a Hitler mustache. She died before the days of digitial photos. Pretend there's a cat with a Hitler mustache here..Our first choice of name for her was Adolfa. We went with Sasha.
I once had a Hitler with the same mustache.  He also died before the days of digital photography

Yeah my gf started feeding this stray cat at our place one day. Tried to stop her to no avail. Next week the cat brings her bf along. "Isn't that cute?" says my gf. 
Fast forward a few months and kitty is looking plump. This wasn't good, I thought. One morning while leaving for work I walk out to momma kitty and 11 fucking kittens right on our front porch. One cat went to 13 cats in no time flat, all feral except for momma kitty. Now winter was setting in and the gf had moved out. So I'm stuck with this huge herd of cats, minus her two indoor cats that she took with her. It's freezing out and I feel sorry for them, so I make them warm crawfish stew on a regular basis because I had all this extra frozen crawfish meat in my freezer. Word gets out about CrawfishWizard's awesome mud bug stew and now I have 15+ strays around. By spring I knew I had to cut them off because it was getting fucking ridiculous. They were all mean as shit except for their ambassador, momma kitty, who was the only one that would let you pet her. The rest would hiss and spit if you tried approaching them. I slowly started feeding them less and less, and once I saw they were killing lizards and stuff for food I stopped completely. They all started looking for food elsewhere, and eventually stopped coming around all together. I swore I'd never feed another stray cat again..After being cat free for weeks I got an unexpected visitor in my yard one day. He was an . tomcat, who had lived a hard tomcat life. Covered in battle scars healed long ago, he was missing half an ear and blind in one eye. His mouth didn't close correctly and one of his bottom teeth poked out to the side like a bulldog. His hair looked thin and his gait was labored. I called to him, and to my surprise he ambled over towards me and took a seat on the retaining wall. I went to pet him and to my surprise he let me and purred as I did. I could feel he was nearly skin and bones, his hunting days most likely behind him, now he was no doubt reduced to scavenging. It was obvious this would be his last summer. I went inside and found the only meat I had, some ham. 
I took a piece outside and laid it down in front of him, and gave him good petting before I had to leave. He seemed very happy as I left him there with his meal..I had never seen him around before that day, and I never saw him again. I had hoped to, but I had this feeling like he knew he was dying, and knew of a place where he could get one of his last meals. I was happy to oblige. 

And that's how OP's gf became a cat lady. 
Dammit, I'm crying! I'm gonna go hug my cat, now. She used to be a stray.
Why would you make me cry like this
That was one of the best reads I ever read. I could really feel the feels.
That is one of the most sad stories I've ever read. Godspeed, old Tom
Fuck... Crying now. That cat seemed like he had been an bad ass all life trough.
Ooh man! Good that you mentioned this, I was feeling sorry for this stray cat around my house. I will resist feeding. 
Blessings to you mate. But I'm at work and had to rush to the bathroom lest someone see me with all the tears in my eyes. Gonna read this to my wife later and make her cry too. 
You are a good person..Make sure to trap the kitties and get them fixed so that the population remains under control.  I would have brought the kittens in and fostered them so they could go to human furrever homes.
God damnit! Making me tear up at work!! 

This story just broke my heart. I can't even think of what else to say. It was just so sad.
Reminds me of this story.
Awww poor Ugly!
I was not in the mood to cry right now
Remember the story about 
Stahp... you're making me cry... men don't cry and i'm a man... i swear
I think you just ruined my life. Can't take the feels :(
Damn you.... The poor kitty
Scumbag skychief. Momma kitten trusts you with her family. Immediately starts giving away her babies.

We actually didn't want to get rid of them because they are so damn cute , and felt bad for the mother, but once we saw that they were eating regular food we knew we had to find them homes. Actually, after we gave them a box and started feeding them the mother ate a can of food, took three good rubs and split for a long while.
You did the right thing. I just always feel bad for animals because we do split up the family. But the alternative is the kittens starve or they shack up with each other.
she totally left her kids with you to babysit while she went out on the town
You ever wonder if , if your new cat could speak, it would sound like a sassy black woman. All like, "aww shoo gufrien das nah new huussbin, he be feedin my baaayyybies. Mmmm mmm muthafucka be givin me food and Shi."?
You would do momma a favor if you captured her and have spayed, then release her. No need for another litter every 12 months.
are you in the NYC area??? i'd love to take two of those babies!
You are a good person.
What about momma kitty? Did someone give her a forever home?
Can you keep them, chief? Please keep them.
You spayed and neutered them all, right? RIGHT?
If you can, your local humane society or TRAP program will lend out traps so you can get momma spayed - a lot of shelters run inexpensive spay and neuter clinics too. Even if she's too feral to ever be a pet, it will prevent her from reproducing a gazillion times over. 
You should keep heeeeer. You have been chosen!  Workplace cat?
I like to think that the one can of cat food gave manakitten the energy and power to take back their home from the evil demon that drove them from it! .The red demon which is elusive and can't be sensed. Mamakitten tried to drive off the red demon, but when it seemed close to disappearing it only returned more powerful. But I like to think she can do it. There is nothing that cant be accomplished by a mamakitten with some yum yum in the tum tum. [6]
You ever wonder if that's why cats love boxes so damn much? Maybe it's a comfort thing to them from kitten-hood... Whoa...
I've wondered the same, but I remember seeing photos of . too...
"All these parts of me are protected while I nap."

I just woke up and this video made my morning. Thanks!
dude. i love boxes
This is the way they do it.  They aren't always with their kids.  You should catch the mother and get her fixed or in a few months, she'll have more.  Cats give birth 2x a year.
Cats can actually give birth more than twice a year. Cat rescue worker here, and a cat can get pregnant again as soon as they deliver their kittens. It's super unhealthy for the mom and kittens, but not uncommon for the mama cat to go out a little while after giving birth and getting pregnant again. If I were OP I would hold on to that mama cat, and get her spayed ASAP. In all likelihood, she could be pregnant again. Hence the taking off after leaving her kittens with you. Plus, depending on where you live, there's lots on low cost spay/neuter clinics because cat overpopulation is a real problem! :) 
Can't upvote this enough. You are so right.
Also you can try calling local animal control or shelters, sometimes they have workers or volunteers who will take care of this sort of thing, trapping and fixing animals.
Even faster in DF
I was waiting for a DF comment the moment I saw comments about cats adopting their owners and not the other way around.
This. We had a stray a year or two ago that was mating again within a week of having her kittens. 
[deleted]
I never have an original thought.  Ever.  .(also, for any downvotes, I'm a lady who believes strongly in not slut shaming.  But still.  Slut is the just right joke for this.)
As a lady who believes strongly in not slut shaming, I think you are full of shit.
Nah. I just believe that nothing's so serious that it can't be laughed at..
Plus, we're talking about a cat.  So.  
Damn, cats must be having more sex than me. 
I hear cats having sex every night outside my apartment. While I sit alone in my bed and masturbate.
It's rape. Cats have barbed penises so that they can make sure that the female doesn't run away. That's why they scream.
Doesn't change the fact that he masturbates to cats doing it. 
Makes it better.
to the sound of cats doing it.
We had a cat that had kittens, vet said she couldn't be fixed until she stopped nursing. One day she snuck out, but we got her back in the house within a few hours. Took her to the vet a couple weeks later, when she finally stopped nursing. She was pregnant again, so once again, we couldn't get her fixed..Another cat we had also had kittens at the same time as litter #1. It was insanity for a while with so many kittens..EDIT: When we got these cats we were told that they had already been spayed (even had paperwork from the shelter in their adoption papers saying they had been spayed, had their shots, etc.) We weren't super-irresponsible lazy-accidental cat breeders. Since the shelter was the one who screwed up, we made them pay to get the kitties fixed..Edit #2: . because this is reddit.
I had the same thing happen but they gave her an abortion. Then they charged me per kitten for the abortion. 
When I was really little, we had a cat who was always pregnant. Every few months, more kittens. I believe she had had three litters by the time we had the money to spay her. We took her in and the vet tells us she's pregnant AGAIN. By this time she was barely skin and bones. There was no way she was going to survive this litter. So, we had the vet spay her anyway. It's like she had a little kitty abortion.
That is messed up on the vet's side. We've had a similar situation, and the abortion was just part of the spaying procedure.  No extra cost, as it should be. 
It was a low cost clinic. The spay was $40, plus an extra $10 for every fetus removed.
Just for the record, they can spay a pregnant cat. Feral trap-neuter-release programs do it all the time. 
They gave us the option of aborting, but we decided not to.
I was TERRIFIED of this when I brought in a stray that had been hanging around my brother's house. We had no idea if she was spayed and finding out would require a pricey ultrasound, so the vet suggested just waiting a couple weeks and seeing if she went into heat. .When she did.. holy shit. Not only was it the most obnoxious howling ever, she also suddenly became a ninja of some sort and went to insane lengths to try to escape outside. We had to constantly watch her until her heat ended and she could get spayed. 
Oh I forgot about that horrible howling. I wish you hadn't reminded me. 
When I was a kid, a stray cat gave birth to a litter of kittens outside our apartment in the hot August sun.  We took them in, named the momma cat Isadora, named the kittens Mork, Mindy, Shazbat, Nimnul, and Nanoo.  .Isadora ended up sneaking out, getting knocked up, and having 2 more litters within a year's span of time.  My brother and I were ecstatic with a hundred kittens around all the time, but my parents were like, 'That slut.'
Upvote for unexpected ending.
That's why you always get your cats fixed. :p
They tried! Every time (until after the 3rd litter) - sorry, she's already expecting.  
Keep her inside at all times and don't give into the look.  You know the look I'm referring too, I know you are a good slave to her but keep her inside.  
This was in the 70s.  Isadora's probably catting around happily in Cat Heaven.
Best names I've ever seen for kittens
Just like my last girlfriend...
I didn't know your hands were detachable. 
Yeah; ever since...the incident...
I love your username...
haha... "girlfriend"
haha... "girl"
haha... "friend"
haha... "girl"
Oooh friend
haha... :(
...
.
...

[deleted]
My feels are taking a beating right now. So stinkin cute 
:/
Rofl
I thought I was the only one who got so excited by cute animals that they wanted to punch it!!
That was uncalled for
Would you like to borrow my backbone?.|~|.|~|.|~|.|~|.|~|.|~|
Your comment made me lol.
I'm in the bathroom making a number 2
How was the shit?
Something leads me to believe you spend a lot of time taking a number 2, 
Was satisfying.
That's reassuring, was getting concerned
Did you butt-choke your poop?
No, but my poop choked my butt
Me too!
Hope everything came out ok.
I hope so too.
...thanks for sharing _
You're welcome

You're doing God's work.

Can I has a cat? Pls?

YAY! here's some of that good ol' Au.
That reminds 
dat ending
Now THAT.. that escalated quickly. 
Why do I love Key and Peele SO MUCH.
Key used to host a TV show called "Planet's Funniest Animals". You're welcome.
I'm not sure.  They really aren't that funny. 
Weren't you taught not to share your opinion on Reddit?
I said... ...  ... "biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitch...."
You know what's my shit??  Some motha fuckin Keys and Peeleys, yo!
But you said bitch though?
Uhhh-yah.
I'm laughing so hard. Yet, I want to strangle the characters they're playing so bad.
That means they did a good job.
Yeah.  The stray cat became your cat the moment you fed it.  And those kittens are yours.
It is OP's obligation to have the mom and the entire litter fixed. Help control the stray population. 
Vet visits for everyone. Step up, OP, these are your cats now.
Pics of all 5 kittens & mum please?
OP might not make an honest cat out of her, but no one can say he's a deadbeat dad!
Very wise indeed, devil .
It is OP's obligation to have the mom and the entire litter fixed. Help control the stray population. 

Its more likely that the cat adopted OP
"kids meet your new little brother."
"he provides for us"
hehehe yeah, personally i see my cats as my babies. i raised one from childhood and the other since birth. they are part of the family..edit : well."raised" i fed them and cuddled them, cats are cats after all.
I have three I bottle fed and are now 6.  Even the one I call my baby kitten is 3 now, I got him a year and a half ago.
I worked with a guy who had a great story about his daughter....Apparently she called one night and said "Dad, there's this cat that kept following me to my apartment, so I started feeding it. Now what do I do?".Dad's reply? ."Name it."
B'd'aaaww...
This. Happened to me. Twice. 
Congratulations on your new cat and kittens!
The goddamn welfare queen is back. 
He doesn't have a say in this matter?
Someone's never played Dwarf Fortress.
Clearly, considering the cat is not yet armor
Cats choose their owners. It's honestly worth it tho because if THEY decide you're a good owner you get the best goddamn pet/partner in crime ever..This is Albert. .He is awesome and he was a stray that turned up at my door one day looking malnourished, so I fed him. 
I asked around and found his original owner had allegedly abandoned him when he found out the vet bill for cat flu + ear mites and vaccinations came to 200.I hate people. Even worse that they think it's ok to ADMIT to something like that. .Albert now follows me everywhere around the house. Hates it when I leave and is generally the most loving, adorable pet ever.
my cat loves strawberries...I can hardly keep her out of the dish when I'm preparing/eating them.
Did the cat already know how to use litter box/other indoor cat requirements that stray cats are usually not used to? Also, did you get him vaccinated? I have a stray cat that I feed that I want to adopt but I fear that he will piss and shit all over my house.
I had to train him as after going to the vet he had to be kept in a few days. He's gone on the floor once but like with most animals you train not by punishing but rewarding. Take him to the litter box a short time after he has just eaten or has woken up from a ~2 hour nap, play with the cat litter infront of him, put him in it and scrap it with his paws a little. They get the hint eventually. Especially if after they go in it you give them a treat..Albert does prefer to go outside tho as I guess that's how he grew up. 
I got him vaccinated as soon as I could. Shots, vet checkup etc. It's unfair to the animal not to. .Be prepared for absolute drama from the shots. Depends entirely on the cat tho. Albert basically became super super clingy after the vets. Wouldn't leave me and curled around my arm to sleep to make sure I couldn't leave him :D Costello is a lot more grumpy!
You named your cats Albert and Costello. That makes me happy. And thanks for the info! I assumed cats are easier to potty train than dogs, just didn't know how much. Gracias!
My father had a cat. He is an animal lover and has always been one. She loved him too because she also followed him around. We took her in when we had found her bloody on the street because the kids had thrown rocks at her. My father is an old man and doesn't have much money. He never buys things for himself. He still wears the same old clothes he did 15 years ago and the last big thing he bought for the past 10 years that aren't presents, was a TV because his vision is very bad and this new one was way better than his old one. He couldn't afford the cat so we had to let it go since no one would take it in. Saying you hate people who do this is not very kind. Some people simply can't afford it no matter how much they want to.
Sure, financials suck and pets in general can be expensive but there's a difference between "letting a cat go" and abandoning it then refusing to let it in when it comes back. I found him desperately trying to get into my garbage can and it broke my heart as he was so thin :(.In the UK there are really good systems for incredibly cheap pet care if you are on benefits or housing support. The PDSA, the RSPCA and the Dogs trust all offer help to low income people. Failing that there are innumerable shelters who will take the cat in if you simply cannot afford to look after it. 
It just makes me sad that the last thing some people think of is the animal. Why get one in the first place if you're not going to do right by it.
He is cute, and shiny! 
I like the Bartle types reference. Dr Richard Bartle is my Games Design Professor, His lectures are the only ones I've had that make me enthusiastic enough to get up early without Monday morning blues.
Dr Richard Bartle is an awesome dude. He's been into our office a few times and is on our advisory board for our company. .I don't agree with everything he writes but he's a damn smart dude. You can't go far wrong with him as a professor!
I'd say "Marry me!", but I'm deeply conflicted about the whole gamer nerd thing.
that's a bit sad
Adorable Cat! What was the game in the screenshot at 13?
Defiance! Don't play it anymore but it was fun for a bit :) Great driving.
Ex stray I started feeding decided I was the best owner (I'm sure the whole neighbourhood fed her) and now she brings me a new dead animal every fucking day just to say thanks. I appreciate it, but it's kind of annoying having to look carefully not to step on a dead rat, mouse or bird every time you leave the house. 
Yeah my cat was found too. Used to sleep out on some chairs on the porch. Would run and hide when anybody else came over. Let me pick her up right away when I met her. .She started coming in on her own for food and then staying in. I had to just start keeping her inside as the fleas were horrible. 6 years later I've taken my best friend cat with me on a couple moves. I wish I could tell how old she is..The best cats can be ones you find that pick you.
No. The feeding of the cat binds a magical contract that lasts all of the cat's 7 lives and and kittens.
No cat can pass up new staff.
I thought there were 9 lives? Must be different for street cats
When did the cat lose two lives?
Oh damn, I've made an ass of myself. .Correction: 9 lives! Sorry about that.
Overly Attached Cat?."Whatcha watchin? You like that other cat more than me?" 

And then you had to pause the show, rewind a bit to get that back on screen, then somehow convince your cat to get in the shot!
You are now under my control ... Sit, rollover, dead "I didn't say play"
OP I think your cat is plotting your death.
You better sleep with one eye open. That's a look that says: "I'm going to eat your face while you sleep."
"I paused my tv and took a bunch of photos until my cat looked like this"
My cat left a single shot gun shell on my pillow the other day because his food bowl was running low and I waited till the last minute to fill it up..You think I should be worried?
I don't understand how everyone on Reddit magically has their camera ready for anything.
Find similar cat lovers on catmatch.com 
yes this just happened ... you didn't set it up at all... you didn't freeze the frame on the tv and you didn't life the cat in front of you
...and he was never heard from again.  .The End.
I like to watch that show to reassure myself that my dickhead of a cat really isn't that bad.
What perfect timing! ....Would be pretty cool to get a cleaned up photo as a backdrop, it's funny what you can capture with a click of the shutter. 
You're not trying to look at other cats, are you?
How is the main topic of conversation not that there is a show called "My Cat From Hell"?
Uhh huh, you were watching this show and put the exact title and what network it plays on....Native adverting sucks.
Cat-ception
they are communicating
Were you just sitting there waiting to take a picture or something?
"Here, smell my glasses."
How the heck did you manage to photograph this?
I love abby faces so much
I'm just wondering how long you had it paused and how many pictures you took before you got it just right. 
"Why are you watching other cats? . not good enough for you?!"
The cat does not care about your superstitions, the cat is simply jealous "stop watching other cats on tv, human" .
all cats are assholes
Your cat is getting ideas...
You invoked the sacred wrath from within. .All cats have it, and it works in a chain reaction. .When one witnesses another awakening the demonic force within, they will follow suit until all the world is encompassed. 
TIL there's a show on tv entirely dedicated to cats.
I think he's trying to tell you something.
This is like your significant other walking in on you watching porn.  You should feel ashamed looking at other cats with yours around.
I, for one, welcome our new feline overlords. 
Man, that's a nice picture, but that didn't just happen as you were watching the show. We are all adults here, we can handle the truth.
How would you just happen to have your camera ready at the exact perfect moment?
"Programming."
A double scoop ice cream cone of evil.
You're gonna want parental controls on that show.
there needs to be an 

Relevant 
They've activated the Worldwide Kitten Network. .You're pretty much dead now.
Looks like an overly attached cat "why are you watching other cats, am i not enough of a cat for you?!"
I think this show should be called "My stoopit Hooman from hell" as most of the "problems" arise out of people being morons.."The cats pee all over the place!"."When did you change their litter last?"."Two weeks ago"
still picture + carefully posed kitton
Run bro..... RUN!!!
Planet of the cats
There is now.
Your cat looks stupid. I hope it dies.
Sounds like you need one of ..
please no more cat pictures on this damn website
And TiVo...
And you "just" happened to have a camera in your hand to take the snapshot???
Ever heard of a cellphone? They're rare, I know, but still.
Quick thinking, maybe I should also start always carrying my smartphone around with me when I am at home.
He looks related to my red Aby.  You get him/her from Fin Bheara? 
Run.
cat: Human, what is this. Why are you watching another cat.
RUN! NOW!
okay, now slowly exit the house, and burn it down behind you.
cat see, cat do
"Hey coubotand. What are you watching?".*head tilts 90 degrees*
Run!  
"You will forget everything you just saw."
"Are you cheating on me?"
I was listening to this song while staring/observing this photo:
One of us... One of us... One of us...
This is like watching America's Most Wanted and when they get to the number one most wanted person, you look over and he's sitting right next to you. But with cats. 
DO IT...I dare you
Now this obituary will be worth the read.
"You know too much"
And just happened to snap a pic in the split second that image was on screen.....Riiiigghhtt....
You're gonna get it now.  I'll teach you to watch television about me!
This movie could be better than Sharknado!
"Go ahead kitty, sit right here in front of the TV. Daddy needs his sweet, sweet karma"
why are you watching that cruddy show?
you watch tv with a camera pointing at the tv just in case something redditable happens?  .or, more likely..  watch tv.. think of idea... pause tv, get cat.  get phone.  take pic, make up story..its like making up a story to tell a girl you are into just to have something interesting to say... but you are doing it to the interweb. 
SOON
I mean, they're still cats, they can only do so much physical and emotional damage.
And it's a ginger cat too, the devils minion 
"You just had to push it did'nt you...I'm afraid i will have to 'Fix' You now."
"Hey there Dad, I ah, see you're watching your little program there..and um, well I hate to interrupt, but, ah...I'm gonna need you to follow me to the tool shed..No, no it's cool just wanna show ya something out there, yeah it's SOO cool..no, leave your phone..." 

What? You made your cat pose for a pic, so you could get some attention on reddit? Cats are stuupid...
"I have seen your heart, and it is mine!"
Your time has come human!
just watched every single episode in FF, no cat like this, OP is a stonecold liar boyz. 
BEWARE
"You don't believe what the talking box is saying do you? It is all a lie. Turn it off and pet me"
You are getting very sleepy........
Did its head spin 360 degrees?
And so it begins...
or did you just hit paws and wait?
They 
The cat appeared at that very moment and let you take a picture at that exact situation. SEEMS LEGIT.
Overly attached cat...
Then you paused the movie, picked up your cat, sat her down on your lap, and snapped 12 pictures until one was just right?
"There can be only one."
RUN WHILE YOU STILL CAN
"Did someone say Skooma"
You're full of shit "this just happened." Whatever 
Lol at how he's channeling the rage.  You're in trouble, OP!
Lol

No it didn't
By "this happened" OP means I put my cat in front of the tv and took a picture 
Wasn't the guy who hosted that show named "Jack Astro" or something like that?.Was that his real name?!
Close. His name is Jackson Galaxy, and he's still hosting.
More like 
"Am I not enough cat for you?"
Wow. I feel bad for anyone who read these comments.

And you were just conveniently holding a camera that very moment, to take the picture? Yeah fucking right. You got it to stand there, while TV's on pause, just so you can take the pic and brag on Reddit.... I'm onto you!
Looks a little photoshoppy to me
"Soo... what are we watching?"
*You paused the show, called the cat over and made sure you had your smartphone ready
Maybe he has Google Glasses? Or a neural implant? We should give the OP a chance, guys.
How do people catch shots like this? Were you watching the television with your cellphone's camera app opened? Some of the shots on this subreddit are near one in a million spot on the moment photos..Nice shot BTW!
It has begun 
This show should just be called "the cat whisperer"
Sleep with your door closed..My interpretation of his signals are  "This behavior will not be tolerated from our humans. There will be NO training allowed.".or."You will be dead by dawn"
"I am your nightmare. I AM FROM HELL!!!!"
hahahaha killer timing, amirite? :)
Human. I disapprove of you watching this show. Stop it now!
HAHA! I love it. That show is great. The fellow on the show is all sorts of special. 
nice knowing you OP.
How the fuck do you get your cat to stay still long enough for that picture?.My cat's all like "Reddit karma? Fuck you! A molecule might have moved over across the room there!"
you paused the show and had your cat come over for a picture?
You're racist if you can't see the differences. Those cats barely look alike.
Get out.  Get out now!
Jesus, that is one angry looking cat!  I hope you sleep with one eye open!
OP's cat could be a cactor.
Things that people do for karma:.Find a show about cats,.Pause the show at a certain moment,.Find own cat,.Set up cat for photo shoot,.Get camera,.Hold cat with feet while taking a pic,.Upload pic to karma factory,.Think of title,.Post,.Enjoy sweet karma,.God I wish I had your stamina :D
DUN DUN DUN
I feel like every single problem that Jackson comes across concerning behavior just boils down to the owners being just so goddamn stupid and ignorant of just common sense.
Now...
Ever seen V/H/S?.The cat in this picture reminds me of the succubus on the stairwell. "I like you."
Had to look up what the show was about ( from the title I was already suspecting this was the cat version of the Dog Whisperer). .Apart from not shitting in the right place and/or scratching furniture, I wasn't even aware of agressive cats. Well, not agressive against humans anyway. I had cats all my life, know several people who have them and I can't even imagine them being feral.
Having watched the show, it's about 80% problems with people who don't have a clue how to take care of a cat and 20% cats with legit behavior problems.  
Red Somali? Beautiful!!
Oh ya and you had your camera ready to go?
watched the show last night, great pic, thanks for a good LMAO!
"You think that is hell?  I can torment your soul in ways you can't even dream of.  I'll give you a hint, I left you a gift somewhere in the house and it's NOT in the litterbox..."
I, too, hold a camera close to my chest at all times when looking at the TV.
Love Abyssinians!
.
Turn off the television, Dave.
"Sorry human, you know too much"
There's a show called "My Cat From Hell?" As far as I'm concerned, all cats are from hell. .Didn't Animal Planet used to do nature documentaries and other, actually interesting things about animals? 
All cats are not from hell.
My Maine Coon Kitteh is the kewlest cat you'll ever meet.
Listens very well and everything.
Not real cuddly though
Here a pic of him

I mean, it's cute, but he's just plotting to kill you.
Oh yeah right because you were taking a picture just as that came on screen and your cat popped up. 
My first, and probably last, cat comment...so with that said, I find it kinda interesting that this person just so happened to have their camera phone on at that very same moment the cat was in front of the screen while this show was on, and at the perfect angle too. I mean I'm no photographer or anything, but I couldn't of accomplished this sort of perfect pose with a cat if I spent the entire day doing it. I'm not saying this ain't legit, but I've seen way too many pictures like this where I gotta call bullshit, but everyone gets caught up with the picture itself to notice...eh, oh well.
"Hey, uh, WTF you think you doin'?"
CAT
Sooo creepy lol
Jackson Galaxy is the dumbest name to say out-loud, and it's not much better when reading either.
'I'meow here to meow take your meow soul. You mothermeower!'
plot twist:  OP paused the tv and waited for the cat to pose
lolz :3
You better run OP.
Am I the only one who thinks this looks totally photoshopped
Oh, photobomb!
Abasinian Red cats are the best I have one just like your's!! They are the friendliest 
"he knows now, further deception is useless. the time to strike is at hand"
They're using our own satellites against us!
Borderline.  Leaning to 
"You have something against cats, father?"
Looks like your cat is being mind controlled by that one cat that came from hell. .That is one hellacious cat.
Soon has become NOW!
RIP OP
You've cat to be kitten me right meow
Is she abessinian? Adorable!
My friend came over once and we watched 14 hours of that show. I now know what not to do with my kitty. 
I absolutely love that show! I've read his book and it's so amazing and informative, but also well written :)
You won't get my karma sir! 
This is so cute
So photoshopped
Your cat looks like a Cheeto
And this is the final post from OP. Ever. May he/she rest in peace. 
Looks like it's my . long lost litter-mate! 
He knows. 
OP didn't rewind, pause, grab his camera, and force his cat to pose like this, nope.
ooOOOOOOOOOOooooo le double cat? le double upvote =)! upvote this if u like cats!
actually what happened was you paused your tv, told your cat to stand right there, then you grabbed your phone and took the picture
You happened to have a camera on hand ready to go?
"...And I don't even own a cat."
This should really be posted to r/wtf
Uhmmm Run
you made it happen *
Goodbye...
I think the most amazing part was OP's ability to take a picture the second that happened!
:::: HAL voice::::: Dave? What are you doing, Dave?
reddit.com.
Perhaps you could more that double the karma
Besides that sub is great and it needs you.
Jackson Galaxy is the man! 
I haven't watched My Cat From Hell in a while, I should probably watch it again. 
And you just happened to be ready to snap a photo at that exact moment when it did.
more like I paused the TV and tried for 10 minutes to get my cat to do the same exact pose
Pauses tv at right time...goes get cat...tells cat look mean, Reddit will think it's for real!!
"Do you you think she's prettier than me?"
Catception
Abandon thread. No worthy comments below. 
Do you always watch tv with your camera?
He is thinking "He is on to us, he knows"
So you managed to whip out your phone, take a photo and all with out the TV changing or your cat moving? Wow you're good
Run! Fly, you fool!
[deleted]
Then you posted this lolol
this didn't happen.  You clearly paused the TV, had your cat sit there, and took the picture.  The cat didn't coincidentally sit just like that, just as the tv showed the perfect image, just as you happened to have your phone out ready to take a picture.  
It was threatening you to never call for help.
Every episode can be summed up by this:  Play with your cat, and change his/her litter often :-)  Problem solved.
I like how you imply this "just happened" and that you "just happened" to be pointing the camera at your cat and tv when this coincidence "just happened" the moment you took a picture. .Assuming this live tv frame didn't last more than a few seconds, a little preparation must have went into this..Misleading. 
Your cat sat in front if the TV? Never seen anything like it.
One time, I was reading a book and my cat just . Who ever heard of a cat doing such a thing?!
It's just absurd.
Yo let me pause it on this cat and take a picture of my cat in front of it for imaginary points. Its gonna be great!
Kind of interested to know how you managed to pull up a camera before either the cat moved or the scene changed.
RUN FOR YOUR LIFE.IT HAS BEGUN
OP, check up with us in a few. You know, to see if you're okay.
All cats are from hell. 
Redditors have impeccable timing.
BRO, I THINK YOUR CAT'S FROM, LIKE, HELL. OR SOMETHING.
OMG youre cat has different colred fur idiot  why would u post this they look nuthin alike, downvote for bein a ASSHOLE. stupid frontpage dumbazz
Stop trying to harvest my soul, cat.
I love this show.
It's like you predicted it would show a shot of a cat in the same manner that your cat was posing, and had the foresight to grab your camera and turned it on in advance!  Have my upvote, Nostradamus!
I just about spit my lunch out when I saw this it made me laugh so hard!
Faked. I can tell by the pixels
Holy shit. My cat will sit by my head in the morning and gently boop my nose repeatedly with his kitty paw until I feed him. Or at least I . that was why he did it. Now I see the truth.
He's actually just wiping poop on your nose. 
And I just thought the world needed a shower!
"So I'm not good enough for you??"
Hooman, why you watch cats on tv when I am here?
They stage the shots.  I bet my balls that OP paused the show then put their cat in position to take the photo.  .It's the same as, "My dog makes this face when..." and "Look what I woke up to...".  You woke up with your cell phone in your hand and with the camera app open?  Yeah, ok.
I have woke up with my phone in my hand before, but always when it's useless for me to have done so..
I'm usually hungover when this happens
My phone is next to my bed it would be really easy for me to take a picture of the cat ass I frequently wake up to.  I also have an iPhone and all I have to do to take a pic is swipe up on the lock screen. 
That doesn't look photoshopped to anyone?  anyone?  WTF?
Yeah I was thinking the exact same thing.
White by (cats) left side of face and tip of ear... fully photoshopped
Not only that, it looks like he turned a big strip of the TV to white on the right side..Could be glare, though I doubt it.
Definitely photoshopped...
who cares. its a cat
reddit cares. .you are on reddit. 
Yup-And I don't mind something that's cool and photoshopped..but can't we be honest about it? 
Is she/he a red Abyssinian??
That's not my cat but... Yes. 
Abys are such odd little critters
Odd? No, no. You mean .. 
I have had two, and have had to coax each one through a shy period. Once they got through it, they were loving, smart, entertaining cats. I'm still sad my recent one died last year at 14. 
Wow, exactly the same story with me too.  

Bahaha I did not expect that.
 


So raven
"Do you think this is a joke?  Turn the TV off, human."

a cat on . how original!  I know, I'll post a picture of a cat with downs and win the internet.
"Do you think this is.....a mother fucking TV show?"
That show constantly reminds me of how lucky my cats are to have the owner that they do..People on that show are messed up. No wonder their cats misbehave. .Rename that show, "Help My Owner Is A Retard."
I'm not sure about this, since I've only seen one or two episodes, but the episodes I saw, they either adopted it and it was like that or they took it in off the street and it was like that.  .Honestly, if my cats every tried to hurt me (and not just play) they would get punted.
Oh my god that mother and daughter that had that little chihuahua they dressed up and carried everywhere were the worst. No wonder the cat beat up that little dog.
all cats are assholes
They aren't for everyone that's for sure. 
The three things I have noticed about "My Cat From Hell" on Animal Planet:.1) Jackson loves cats, but he has never introduced us to his cats. .2) Jackson is a musician who seems to have not used his show or YouTube channel to promote the musician-side of his career. I want to hear his music, but he doesn't seem to put it out there. .3) The people on his show have imaginary jobs.  One lady was a chakra guru. One guy raised exotic reptiles.  One lady was the owner of new  Britney's cat from glee. 
My husband accurately summarized this episode, "Holy shit, baby clothes and a crib Cat Daddy is going to school them!"
"He sleeps on my side of the bed because he's trying to push me out". It's a cat! They like beds!! 
Ouch. I might be on that show. My cat is just genuinely insane. I raised her with love and care and attention. I don't really think it's fair to say that they are all messed up. .But then, I'm actually pretty normal so they probably wont pick me. You know TV, they want ratings. 
If a person is on TV because their cat is cray they aren't normal IMO. 
If you say so. My cat was never socialized with other cats and I'm at my wits end with her, it doesn't mean I'm a crazy, shitty pet-owner. I've raised 3 other cats just fine (in the past, this one is by herself). She has a mean streak, all my friends hate her and everyone says to get rid of her. But I can't, I know no one else will want to deal with her and she'll likely end up in a shelter and killed. .But, you know, if I'm totally attentive and caring to the cat I must be totally insane because my cat is an asshole. Ok. 
I feel ya. My friend has a "demon cat" that she has kept for the last 12 years for the same reasons. He is just a very aggressive male cat who probably would have been ok on a farm or something but turned mean when kept indoors. He bit my friends hand so bad she nearly died & had to have multiple surgeries to correct. She had to have all of his claws removed & his teeth filed down so he wouldn't hurt anything else. Now he's just a big fat lump that glares at other creatures all the time. She's the best cat owner I've ever known so I think some cats are just fuckin mean. Like some people. Weird! 
Wow...  how did she nearly die?  Blood loss??  I didn't realize cats could do so much damage.
I have six large dogs (all rescues), two cats (from the shelter), three kids (not sure where they came from) and two birds (that my husband showed up with)..If all that can get along in my house you might have to come to terms with the fact that you are doing something wrong. .I know I have had to adjust my strategies on multiple occasions to be successful with my little zoo. Each rescue dog took no less than a year to adjust to a home life). .Sure some cats are dicks but unless their brain is damaged, there is always a reason and a way to solve it. Besides I was talking about people in that show. You are taking things personally. Maybe chilling out is the answer. 
Shelters and vets will both tell you that some animals will never get along with other animals, for reasons the owner has nothing to do with. You've done well with your experience, but others will have a different experience and you shouldn't make a value judgment about their abilities as a pet owner because your experience is different.....hater.
I was never not chill. She's still a kitten. I've been adjusting strategies for the 10 months I've had her. She's still a baby. Please, tell me, what am I doing wrong then? I play with her, I pet her (when she doesn't bite/scratch me), I talk to her, I give her toys a plenty, I give her treats when she's good, I've tried spraying her with water, yelling no, calming collars, lavender scents, music...literally everything the vet or anyone else has ever said to help correct her behavior. .I'm only trying to tell you my own point of view. 
I'm not feeling pressured to apologize by other Redditors. I took a minute to think about how you must feel..You are trying and I have been where you are. So I'm sorry for being overly harsh. .I'm extremely passionate about animals. Humans are the reason for domesticated pets and I get my heckles up when someone seems like they are blaming the animal for being well....an animal. I forget people aren't as crazy as I am to take on what I have..I still think those people on that show are batshit though. 
Thanks. .I've honestly only seen the show twice, one of the chicks seemed like a jerk though (it was a lesbian couple and she was laughing at her cat was attacking her partner).I don't think I have the right personality for views (quiet, gentle, generally mild mannered)..I don't even really want to be on it but my friends all wanted me to so I did the interview. .Ill never get rid of my binxy, I love her and I only want the best for her. 
Binxy that's a cute name. :-)
You really shouldn't defend pet owners and blame the pet. .This suggests that some animals can't be helped and it's okay to cast them off because hey, you gave it your best shot..This is very irresponsible thinking. 
You were telling me your point of view by contradicting my comment and taking offense to what I said.  .That is how arguments happen if both parties are willing to defend their position. .I don't buy in to blaming the pet EVER!.I've gone through hell with some of mine. It wasn't always a cake walk. With my yellow lab it took 3 years to rehab her because she had experienced massive amounts of abuse. .I'd have to get to know yor cat for sure, but maybe she needs to mature a bit more. Maybe she feels like nothing is her own. We have a cat door to our garage for this exact reason. That's there place and no dogs are allowed. They can rejoin the group when they feel like it. 
tried playing with her? 
All the time, yes. Obviously. .Edit: she's a kitten. She has extra energy. I pay with her all the time and she never tires. That's why I got her the mouse that hangs on the door so she can amuse herself with that while I study sometimes. 
Should have a mouse on all door.  The circle toy with the ball in seems to work well for some kittens, they can run in circles for hours.
[deleted]
Who the fuck are you to have a problem with it?
I love MCFH. You have to tell us if you get on! What's wrong with your kitkat?.I read that Jackson also uses holistic remedies (that they don't show on the episodes) like calming sprays, etc. Curious how much those are actually doing anything.
My cat is super aggressive. I don't know if it's a result of her being a previous stray or what happened to her when she was abandoned by her mother, but she will get this look in her eyes and attack. She is relentless. It pains me to have to put her outside my room when she's drawing blood and wont stop no matter what I do, but it's highly stressful, not to mention painful. No, I'm not abusive to her in any way and never have been. I don't know why she is like this, I honestly don't. She's sweet as a button one minute and a total terror the next. .I've been trying the calming collar and giving her more and more attention and play time, but I can't be with her every second of the day. She's ruining my carpet, even though she has 3 scratchers, and attacks the screen on my window.
I would suggest buying a leather glove and teach who is the boss. I'm not saying to hurt him, just a bit rough play to  show that you can't be intimidated..I also recommend this toy:.Disclaimer: I have semi-outdoor cats, so what works for me might not work for you.
Is she declawed? 
she . her feather on a stick! .The vet actually suggested lightly being aggressive back. I'm too afraid I'll hurt her :( 
I had this happen with my old boyfriend's cat. Totally sweet and loving, but then other times he would explode and leave serious gouges on people's arms that bled really bad. .It only happened rarely but we did end up getting him declawed so he wouldn't have to go to an animal shelter. Now he is fine and when he has his random "explode" moments it doesn't hurt anyone.
My mother keeps telling me to declaw her (she declawed her cats) but I can't bring myself to do it. It seems cruel. .I have been thinking about maybe the apartment is too small for her and she'd be happier outside. Which is why I considered giving her to my mother, she lives in a small town with a ton of area for her to play (she also seemed happier at her house when I brought her with me a couple times because she had other cats to play with, but they have since died of old age .). I live in LA, next to a busy road. If kitty gets out she'll almost certainly die. 
I had an aggressive make cat. I realized too late that my mistake had been wrestling with him from the time he found us at ~2 months old, just like he would have with his littermates. It was cute when he was a little guy, but then he got bigger and it turned to aggressive play. I couldn't wear shorts our really anything nice because of the claws. He also had food issues--he weighed less than 2 lbs. when he found us, and was about to starve. I guess he remembered being hungry, because we couldn't keep him away from our food when we ate, even when we have him his wet food at the same time (he always had access to dry food)..We had him neutered and declawed (front only, we're not completely cruel) at the same time, around a year old. Both issues were gone within a week or so. I know there are those who argue that it's cruel to declaw, but he was making us bleed. That's where we dew the line. Yes, we were a part of the problem, but we were unable to change his behavior. He was also destroying furniture. We couldn't take it any more. .That's not to say that it didn't hurt me to declaw him. He pulled off his bandages a couple of hours after he got home. I saw his poor bloody paws and it nearly made me cry. But it really was the option for us, because giving him up was not happening. .tl;dr: cat stopped aggressive behavior after being declawed and neutered. It hurt my heart to declaw, but we did it. I'd do it again if I had to.
It is cruel.  It is like amputating digits of a humans fingers. .Also, many cats do not like to live alone.  I am betting this is the cause of your cat's issues.
No it is nothing like amputating the digits of a human finger..They are paws, not hands. They are cats not people.
There are some very huge and fundamental differences between a cats toes and human fingers. Trying to compare them to make an emotional argument against something is just disingenuous.
Hahahahaha ok bud.  Trying to rationalize your decision, eh?  Care to explain why no reputable rescue organization will adopt out cats to anyone who admits they plan to declaw?  Why it's banned in several countries?  You will justify what you did until your last breath, because no one wants to admit they're cruel and feel bad, so I'm done here, because you will defend yourself until you're blue in the face.  But you should have done some research.  This is not an "emotional argument"; it is a factual one made by the individuals who actually perform this surgery.  The only defense of this practice comes from people who have already subjected their pet to it and need to justify what they did after the fact.  On behalf of your pet, fuck you.
We had my dad's cat declawed when he decided to keep him (stray, and probably feral).  You could tell it hurt.  I will never again declaw a cat.  I kept my cat's claws trimmed down manually with a nail trimmer, and he didn't like it, but he would destroy the couch otherwise.  My sister's cat was declawed when she adopted it, or else we wouldn't have had it done.  

Cat claws are attached to the muscles in their arms. When they scratch it stretches those muscles. Declawing cats can lead to cramped muscles and pain. They also use claws for climbing and balance. Obviously cats are not people but it's still cruel and yes, it would be more similar to cutting human fingers than it would be to cutting human fingernails.   
A word of warning: I have an explosively aggressive cat who was declawed.  Instead of scratching, she now bites, which means not only does the victim bleed profusely, they also tend to get a bad infection and have to go to the doctor.
That's a tough choice. Letting her out at your mom's house could make her happier but she could get hurt being outside. .You definitely can't let her out at your apartment. Do you have a balcony? I'm on the third floor so I let my boy out there and he can't escape. .Does she have toys or things to keep her entertained? I keep the radio on during the day when I am gone. .I will say that declawing should only be considered as a last resort. You have to balance what is best for the cat and the family members. 
I do, but I'm on the first floor (it's raised from the ground but it has a planter next to it and she could easier get down). .Plenty of toys and noises :)
Can you enclose the balcony/balcony railing with chicken wire or screening?
:( that's frustrating! I'm sorry. I hope you figure something out for her. 
Give her lots of high spots to perch and observe and play with her until she's completely worn out (possibly panting). Wait for her to recover from play, ...Source: My Cat From Hell
I think he needs a Catio.
No.
some cats just come out crazy, just like people. might be able to put her on chill pills if it's a big problem 
You can walk your cat the same way you walk a dog! I take my cat out for an hour or so almost every night and it chills him right out. I can tell a difference in his energy level on nights when I don't take him out. He loves it too. Sometimes we go the park and he has a blast chasing birds and rabbits (of course he's on a leash so he never catches anything). I even let him climb trees to about my head level then I rein him in and he climbs down. It's a TON of exercise in a short amount of time and I get a nice walk and lots of laughs watching him. I've seen it suggested on MCFH but I was doing it already. There are some videos on youtube on how to train your cat to walk on a leash but I didn't have to train mine; he went for it right away. Feel free to PM me if you want more info.
I used to attempt that with my cats when I was little but they hateddddd it so bad lol. They got right out of their collar or harness. They didn't much care for the outdoors though. Good idea! I'll give it a go! 
Yeah you have to use a proper harness and not a collar. Also be prepared for some time standing around when your cat plops down on the ground for a rest. 

Considering one of those, but I don't know if it's stress related or not.
What else could it be related to, other than stress?  A calm happy cat does not behave like that. 
Just so you know, most crazy people think they are normal...
Ok, I'm crazy then. You got me!
Well aren't you easy to crack.
Hella. 
I have to scoop the litter box? Are you saying THAT'S why my cat keeps shitting on the carpet?.That's absurd, but I'll give it a try. If I don't my boyfriend will leave me!
in defense of the owners, they manipulate the footage and really exaggerate the problems. that couple that was featured in this episode are close friends of mine and it was no where near that bad at all
"But I don't want to put a litter box right her on this spot that my cat is continuously pissing on! It is in the living room!".his answer is almost always something like, "Well..ok...but your cat is still using this spot as a litter box, only now it smells like piss"
That guy is just trying to be polite- and he is succeeding. By now, I would have sucker punched that people in the face. 
LOL.....Cats need food, water, stimulation, stable environment? WTF, it's like they are living things living in my house and I'm suppose to take care of them. 
LOL
Wow, what an unaffected asshole.
Not sure if you're joking or you don't get sarcasm. 
The sad fact is that we provide them this with loving affection but what do we get in return....oh an attitude in the form of "we are privileged to be breathing the same air as they do." What's up with that? 
There's something to be drawn about the similarity between cats and baby humans. Some people expect cuddles and adoration, when it really is all about taking care of the object of affection, and not getting much in return. Not to say that there isn't value there, just that it often doesn't come from the loved thing.
I've often heard the joke about the difference between dogs and cats is that dogs think "this person feeds me and takes care of me and plays with me.  This person must be a god!"  A cat thinks of all of these things and thinks "I must be a god!"
Dogs have owners, cats have staff. :)
LMAO....They really do think everything is about them..That's probably why one of my cats thinks the best time to walk out in front of me is when I'm carrying groceries and can't see him..His logic: "If you drop the groceries you can pet me."
LMAO...
Mine tried that ones. He ended up with about 12 cans of campbells mushroom soup on his head. .He is fine, but no longer bothers me when bringing in groceries. He does, however, maul the shit out of the plastic bags once the groceries are out of them.
LOL....Maybe he was hoping to score some food out of the deal. 
90% of the remedies involve interaction and play time with the cats. Most of the owners are lazy slobs
That and they are crazy..Have you seen some of the couples on there? 
How about the one with the ditzy girlfriend who made her boyfriend fully take care of . cat?
I'm not sure I caught that one. :-(
Oh my goodness, if you have time/can find it on youtube or Animal planet please watch it. I wanted to slap the crap out of the girl, and the boyfriend was a COMPLETE tool..I remember one part where Jackson specifically asked her to take her cat in to get neutered, and that SHE needed to go, not her boyfriend. The boyfriend ended up doing it. It looked like Jackson was seriously close to walking out the door..Another one I remember is the artist chick episode. She was a modern art collector and her two cats weren't getting along, and the older one was overweight and pooping everywhere. She and her husband both told Jackson that if he couldn't help them, then they would have to "terminate" the life of the older cat. When they said that, I literally got bad chills, and Jackson was clearly disturbed.
Like the one what found it funny to have a bully cat and than broke up with the girl friend before the second visit?.(Season 4 episode)
Ahh that was my favorite episode!
OMG, some of these people..If your cat can't get a long with my cat then I'm out of here. .Don't let the door hit you on the way out!
I  that guy, he was a serious douchebag and Jackson knew it right away.
So awesome that the woman got her shit together and her and her cat ended up much happier. Then she and Jackson went to the tattoo parlor together and got cat tattoos! 
I don't know, I think it's more like 50% "interact with your pets" and 50% "build a .." That is one word I could have happily gone without ever hearing this lifetime.
Hah! The Catios cracked me up. Those are hard core crazy cat people.
That word is beyond adorable.
To be fair, if I had to build a catio to make either of our cats happy I would. I consider pets to be like family not lesser beings for my amusement.
I have been married for almost 8 years. We've had our two cats for longer than that. We have no kids. My mother in law can still not remember our cat's names or which one is the boy. 8 years. 
Cats are so creepy, in such an adorable kind of way.
Cats are twats. I hate them all. 
reported for language

reported for offensive behavior.(and downvoted)

There's nothing adorable or creepy about this retarded animal. I would smack the crap out of it so i could watch the fucking tv.
I sincerely hope you never have animals. Or children, for that matter.
Don't don't take away internet points! Anything but the internet points! 
Where's u/Wallpapersyourcomment when you need him?
 doesn't exist? o,O
I got the username wrong. I don't remember what it is but that user puts comments to wallpaper. 
It's like the Ring
Cats eyes are the doorway to the underworld.
"Cats are good. Half in, half out anyway."
The cat is coming for OP's soul.
_
The cat is giving OP this evil notion becknoning their soul to come hither into greater dimensions unknown. ..in the cutest way of course
I know! That OP's cat is like "Wait til you get a load of me!" Lmao
And then this starts playing in the background... 
Koyyaaaaaanisqatsiiiiiiii...... Koyyaaaaaanisqatsiiiiiiii...... Koyyaaaaaanisqatsiiiiiiii...... 
I watched that movie on acid a month or two back. Now KOYYAAANNNISQUAATTSSSIIIIII pops into my mind occasionally, and I laugh my ass off for no real reason.
This cat claimed OP's soul. .FTFY

:3


Pusheen reminds me of the cat I had who died suddenly two years ago.  I have a stuffed pusheen that I hug when I miss my baby.
:(
Do you think this is a game human?

This made my day. I haven't awkwardly laughed in my office like that all week. :-)
Lucifer lives!!!
What type of new NSA spying droid is that.

[deleted]
I must know what you do to make a cat do this. I want my cat to do this at least once in my life for the lolz
Still freaks me out after seeing it so many times. Just... no. How does the cat maintain it's balance? SO unnatural! Lol
That's what tails are for lol
I'm predy sure that it's another one of those made by pulling on a cat with a wire. A few of the recently popular cat gifs are made like that. Like the cat that walks oddly across the table then falls off.
Well, it has a tail...
True and it puts it in a really weird position. What freaks me out is the way that ripple goes through it's body as it moves. Just freaking creepy as hell. 
Cats do not abide by the laws of nature, alright. 
Lol
That's what happens when you let off the clutch too quickly.

The last frames should have been of his driving away. 
He's got the boat, the house and the car. What else does a cat need?

omg.  Is that cat alive or dead?
Paranormal CATivity
dude.
The fuck did I just watch.
Creepy
Yes.
It's been brought to my attention that the particular cat .gif posted here was likely orchestrated using a fishing line and was not, in fact, a cat just being weird. I only watched the .gif twice through, and certainly not carefully enough. .Sorry to everyone who's replies are now somewhat irrelevant, but I'm not about to sit here and get cheap points for something that in actuality really bothers me. My apologies. 
A smooth criminal...
How and why?
I remember reading that someone tied fishing line to its neck and dragged it...
Wait, are you serious? I feel like deleting it if that's true because that's just fucking horrible..I'm looking at it carefully and after multiple views it just doesn't seem like a natural way to move at all, but then again cats are...cats and sometimes you can't tell. .Either way, I'm never posting that .gif again, thanks for the heads up. 

If you watch it a few times it is pretty obvious. You can even see the fishing line go taut when the person pulls it the first time.
Hahaha, hilarious, this reminds me of . .EDIT: . 
I'm severely disappointed that that isn't actually a subreddit.
 
I think he means 
It is, I wrote it wrong. . enjoy!

What. In the name. Of god. 




I paused "My Cat From Hell" on Animal Planet when I got my cat to sit in front of me so I could take a photo of this and put it on Reddit
My thoughts exactly.
If they did indeed pose that pic I'd still be impressed. Aby's are like a fart in the wind...
That is... better than piss then?

Wow, what an unimpressed asshole.
His lips are even puckered up
Queen Unimpressed Asshole was not impressed. 
I've trained mine to sit on command. It helps when I take pictures.
I can't believe anybody would think it happened as OP described.
Well you win the race for that comment.
Your username says it all!
Either way, I had a legitimate LOL so I gave an upvote.
seriously. there's no god damn way in a flying fuck that this randomly happened and you were quick enough and ready enough to take a picture of it. i know it shouldn't really matter but when things are obviously bullshit it urks me for some reason.
Getting the cat to pose like that is impressive though.
Can we just assume that is the default opinion and not make this the top comment in every thread like this?.Ok, thanks.
What a feLIEn.
bingo.
Assuming direct control.
Dems fighting words
Whatever, It's still F*cking funny!
Yeah right, "got my cat to sit in front of me". You're discounting the craftsmanship and hours of hard work this took! You know he had to use a hot glue gun to get the cat to stay in place like that.
Reddit is so fickle. At least 5 other comments saying basically the same thing are being downvoted to shit.
Maybe this guy got it first.
Touch.
But maybe they didn't read the other comments before posting and don't deserve the downvotes?
either way it is a big deal
take 'em to .edit: ok I'm reTarDed
He's not stealing anyones karma, it'd be better to go to . 
Nice Pussy...
Why would YOU do such a thing?
Wow... what does it take to impress you? Asshole.
Not lying would be a start.
Well, as you see I was trying to make a comment about his username, but it doesn't look appreciated. .So I'll just leave here
Dammit I wanted this post
I came here to say exactly this. But with your username, I am glad to have come here after you. 
Wow, what an unimpressed asshole.
nah, I looked at the pixels... it's shopped... it's not even OPs cat..source: I'm a pixel expert with 75 years of experience in computer forensics  and a PHD in computer graphic honesty from UC Cal Berkley harvard tech
Confirmed. . Lenny was my best student...
Enhance! 
Have you tried to get a cat to do anything? Even if this was planned it's still impressive. 
the title is still misleading and karmawhoring.
Welcome to default on the frontpage, a little bit of poop has starting leaking in your subreddit. Expect more. 
I herd cats for a living.
I have to agree.  Though obviously staged, I admire OP's perseverance in setting up the shot (or I admire the cat's cooperativeness, whichever it was).
I just don't like being lied to. I would have given an upvote for "I set up my cat to look at the camera while I had this part from 'My Cat From Hell' paused."
People wouldn't lie for karma... You're crazy.
even if it is a lie... color me impressed. getting a cat to do what you want is a lot harder than it seems



that is creepy
You really think someone would do that? Just sit on the computer and tell lies?

The Chinese totally missed the boat by not domesticating these guys.
PABU!!!
Anyone else start to absolutely LOVE red pandas after Legend of Korra?
they are like . little dog/cat/foxes! 
Ezy kills, ezy life.
I love how red pandas try to be ferocious! 
Kappa
Firefoxen FTW!
Docaxes?
Have any of y'all ever held one, those bastards have sharp-ass claws and will try to climb all over you!
I wish I lived in Japan where I could have one as a pet.
looks just like a pokemon battle on gameboy!
Little Firefoxes fighting.
Sooooooooo Cute
RED PANDAS!!!!!! :D
RED PANDAS!!!.I saw one once...
More like Red Panda fellatio. 
I was gonna say im glad i wasnt the only one with a sick mind, but then i realized your username and am back to feeling like a sick little fuck
I want one! 
How can you not like this ? 
just so you know, there is an entire subreddit dedicated to red pandas: . :3
Thanks! I'm obsessed with these things
Is there one for white squirrels? I love those things
It should be a felony to not love these guys 
Love red pandas. 
Do you happen to be in Texas by any chance? 
Oh so you picked up and carried him and he didn't wake up till right as you grabbed your camera? BULLSHIT
Perhaps this is just my inner cynic, but every time I see these posts where people state how they just "found" a kitten or some deal, I just imagine some poor guy that actually bought the cat and the thing escaped..Edit- no reason to down vote people. I'm just stating that no matter how irrational, this is somehow always the first thought that comes to my mind in these situations.
Multi colored cats are generally female 
When I see these all I can think is that someone out there is missing their kitten now. I'm sure that sometimes they don't have owners but I bet that most of the time there is some sad little girl somewhere..Maybe you should put posters up to see if someone claims it.
Its a very cute cat..Just on a related note i see these posts all the time and have begun thinking to myself "Reddit, a place to show off your kidnapped kittens".I know thats not entirely accurate but it was a thought
You people need to stop adopting cats and then claiming to find them. Or stop catnapping others pets. Honestly the rate at which you people tell lies should be in the guineas book. Reddit. Lies, damned lies and statistics.
I wonder how many of these "so cute adopted pets of reddit" are actually someone's lost pets :D
thank you for doing this. great deed
Welcome to reddit, kitten. Have some karma.
He was outside in the rain? Did you by chance steal someones cat?
So do people just kidnap lost animals all the time or what?

annnnndddd... Reddit steals another cat.
You can tell it's a Calico by the way it is!
How do you people wrangle these kittens? On those rare occasions I see them (usually in a park), they won't let me come within 20 feet of them.
We don't choose our cats, they choose us.
He is all like "I made it".  So expressive, that is so much fun on a cat.
SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS SHOTS
Nice ikea duvet cover!
...the cold July rain.
yes. but im sorry friend i've found it a home
WHERE THE FUCK IS EVERYONE FINDING THESE KITTENS?!  I want one 
Don't forget that the kitten is completely dry and not dirty at all!
Don't complain - cold rain in late July is still better than the usual "by the freeway" bullshit.
Solid point.
D'aww! Bless Your Heart :D
That's a crazy young kitten too! I'm glad s/he's alright.  You can tell that she's really young by the fact that the eyes are still really blue.
That is some of the most made up bullshit i've ever heard... even for the internet.
Its a beautiful, cute, sweet kitten..Does she have a name?.If she doesn't, I nominate "Freedom Kitty"
i was thinking Olive or Baboo
I like the name "Olive", but in the end, its your choice.
Definitely Olive
Celebrate this moment by placing olives around her.
Damn I must go buy olives
You must. And you must post the link for all to see.
That's one task
Out of curiosity, do mother cats leave their babies sometimes? Like, when we 'rescue' cats we find how do we know the mom didn't just run off to find some food or chase after his little sister or whatever?
Yes, OP should check around for mama and/or other kittehs! 
I agree.  He probably wondered off by himself  and left his momma and little brothers and sisters nearby... at least OP can bring the fam to a shelter if OP cannot keep them together
this is a site with over 2 million visitors and you think it's unnatural that every couple of days some one finds a kitten? Wtf do you think Kittens are? Baby unicorns?
where the fuck are you right now where there is cold rain.cuz I wanna be there
And then there's this cocksucker here. Found him down in a storm drain
not being cynical, but how is the kitten so clean if you found it in the rain?
What's with reddit and stealing pets? Have none of you ever experienced a violent assault before?
Took the kitten in from the rain but it has clean pink paws . . .
He's fucking ugly. 
I'll give you 5/10 for heroism.
You're a good man. (Or woman)
Man

You sir make up for the banksters, military industrial complex and Obama. .You are hope and change!
This is the start of a beautiful and life long friendship :)
[deleted]
[deleted]
he's from the U.S. and ok...he didn't fucking find that kitten shivering in the cold rain dude 
speak when spoken to
lol, yea that's how reddit works
[deleted]
you didn't try to, "give me the assumption" either..you used that as ammunition for your argument..facetious wording..i live in the northern part of the country and there is currently a heat wave 
He lives in the U.S., I didn't even down-vote him douche...sick of the bullshit people post..you already owned your cat and he 'got out' this guy claims to have randomly found some kitten in the rain..Posted strictly for karma..
I found my kitten in the cold rain in September in GA. I know it is shocking, but temperatures are variable. 
that's September...
In Georgia, September is still the mid-90s. 
weather change all the time in Texas bro, check the forcast
[deleted]
Well I'm sorry for describing my situation. It makes a better story than "Cat found"
why make up stories though?  he/she is a cute cat, just fucking post your stupid cat and everyone is going to up-vote you anyway that's what reddit does. It's annoying as fuck how 2/3 of the people on here embellish their not so interesting lives..
People need story to their lives and I provide with a TRUE story
good luck w/that
Oh I love all these made-up cat rescuing stories... -_-
Cold rain... Does not compute. Heat wave everywhere in US today, top story on world news.
I call bull on at least two of the statements in the title.
My cats outside in the rain right now.  He's mad though cause I punched the bitch in the face and won't come in.
The only two obvious things from this post could possibly be true. Either the OP is misleading us or OP is not from the US.
OP is from US. Rain is cold m friend. OP is not misleading. OP is providing backstory
name it charmander because you rescued it from the rain
It is .... ENTIRELY accurate
You have the same comforter as my mom, and she's a redditor. I just about had a heart attack, that woman has enough cats!
Im always amazed at the amount of healthy, clean, kittens reddit "rescues" from the rain with no signs of living on the streets.
Was gonna ask why you were in the coal train in the first place. .I think i'm tired.
We had a momma cat and her kittens arrive at our house, since then 1 has gone missing and now this morning we had a terrible rain storm and the calico kitten went missing, it hasn't been too long but it stopped raining and we still haven't found her. I like to think that she was rescued by a good person like you, or that she was startled by the storm and is still hiding out somewhere..Thanks for rescuing this kitten.
I went for a walk in the rain because I like the smell of petrichor. Told mom I wouldn't stray too far. Get kidnapped. I wake up in a strange place with my kidnapper shoving a camera in my face. Mom's gonna be pissed. I have no idea where I am or how far away I am from home. But the worst part is that my kidnapper didn't kidnap me to torture me, they kidnapped me so they could love me. They constantly insist on rubbing me. I'm given nothing but crumbly dry food and stale water. They drug me with catnip to keep my energy levels up when all I want to do is sleep. They torment me with string and this strange glowing dot. They clearly are not going to let me leave. Anytime I get close to the opening door it's quickly slammed in my face. If I do manage to squeak on through I'm caught right away and placed back in my prison. I stare out the window all day, hoping I'll see mom pass by so I can tell her I'm okay. Or even someone I know so they can send her a message. But I never see my family and I think I'm a long way away. I call out to other cats as they pass by but they don't want anything to do with me. I've even become so desperate that I've asked the birds for help. I tell them all of my plight, but those who don't just all-out ignore me laugh in my face. It's clear I'm never being let out of here and never seeing my family again. Either I resign myself to fate, or I take it upon myself to eliminate my kidnapper. Tonight I start plotting his death.
utter bullshit
No you didn't 
Ikea bedding FTW
godman you're good
Calico+tabby <3
I wish I could like this post 100 times.
alright that's it! i'm getting a kitten.
Can we get a default sub for all post beginning with "found this guy"?
When I get off the plane in America I expect to find lots of kittens outside my hotel door. Or else. 
You guys have cold rain in July?
Maybe it likes the rain, you should put it back to where it belongs.
My calicos colors are opposite, where his orange is, my kittens black is. Vice versa
Wh...wh..where's my mommy :(
If it is calico it's female...unless the black I"m seeing is just dirt from being in the rain etc.
Wheres my mom? 
Something tells me YOU'RE going to love him being there too....thank you for taking him in, he's adorable.

God damn it, where are all these free kittens that need rescuing?  GIVE ME ONE.
"What year is it?!"
Haha nice calico cat
He's beautiful. :)
Not sure if my heart melted or exploded! Awwwwws.
CAN I FUCKING FIND A CUTE STRAY CAT LIKE THIS PLEASE?! 
Aww.. That's adorable. So cute!
Where do you guys live? How come people here in Reddit always finds cute animals everywhere.
Cold rain huh? It's summer.
Seasons vary depending where you are in the world. ex. Australia, it's winter there atm I think.
Dafaq did my home go?!
I'm glad you did that! :)
This seems like a Kathy Bates sort of situation...
At least until he gets older and begins to think he is your master.
Name it Reddit.
Just a side question, where was the cold rain?  It was bloody warm here today.
I live in Oklahoma. There was rain and it was cold then. Twenty minutes later it was humid and hot as balls..I hate this weather.
I live in Iowa.  It was just hot.
Best rescue ever!  I think you are gonna like him there too.
aww, bless you for saving this little angel!! i think he's going to enjoy it there too!
I feel the need to make a meme that says "why the fuck do I never find adorable kittens in vulnerable places??".Ok. It passed. I feel better. 
"Where the hell am I?", said the kitten.
Uhh, Dan? Is this Tiger?
Look around to see if there are any others!
Hey everyone, leave the OP alone. It's more than likely that the kitten got lost (escaped home by accident), but at least he's taking care of it and protecting it until the owner finds him.
Except that he has made absolutely NO indication that he is going to try to find its owner.  In fact, earlier he said he may just give it to a shelter because he knows nothing about cats.
Oh.
Why can't I find cute kittens...
noticed this on the frontpage, opened it, and said awe. (not even noticing the subreddit.) guess you guys are doing your job
THE FUCK AM I?
I'd be willing to bet that you just bought the cat and posted this story or didn't buy a cat at all. I'm starting to become a reddit cynicist :-(
Plot twist: you just kidnapped him and his family is looking for him.
Found this little guy hanging out in my neighbour's sunroom
My mom was known for taking in animals. One night we found a baby kitten on our doorstep while it was raining. Still wonder if someone put him there or if he somehow found his way. Either way, loved him dearly!! Glad this baby found a good home! 
I loves me pink itty kitteh toe beans.  They are so cite.  
Toe beans - perfect!  I shall call them that from this day forward!
such a beautie :-)  
Am I the only one who doesn't find random kittens everywhere?
 
here in toronto the weather reached 40 degrees celsius yesterday. fuck us right?
Kinda cool in southern Australia right now
How the hell is there a 63 degree spot in Arizona? Did Jan Brewer leave the door to her crypt open?
62, even. 
There are lots of mountains in Arizona, actually.  It can be 100 degrees in Phoenix and you can see snow on the tops of some peaks.  It is freaky.
Cold rain, not weather. 
Dude, that's fucking hot. I'm glad I taught myself to use the metric system.
Nice world map there.
God, you are so lucky. I wish I had a kitten, I'd be so happy.
Seriously, you people just find random kitties in the middle of the street or something. .Where's all the kitties around my town?
Yea actually, I don't believe this to be factual. I have used reedit for some time now. Found cats only began last year and at the rate with which everyone I is finding them or most likely stealing them, I call bullshit. Not one pic has ever shown a cat that was unhealthy or with matted fur. It is a simple trick to get karma and the deceit that surrounds this vicious cycle will only snowball from here.  
Where do you guys keep finding random kittens on the street? Where do you live???
Cold rain in mid July? Karma whore, is that you?
Name it Charmander.
Where in the world is their cold rain right now?
lots of the southern hemisphere probably
I was kidding, refering to the unusual heat wave the US is experiencing.
I has famalies now?
Upvoted for good karma :)
Bullshit.
Take him to the doctor. We once brought in an extremely cute stray and then took months to get rid of ringworm
The eyes are bad enough, but the pink paws? Totally imploded my brain
Every time someone gets a new cat on reddit they somehow just take it. would you do that if it was a child as well? or is there more to the story? but cute cat that's for sure. hope he gets a good home :)
Keep him!!!!
I did check. Although it was dark and rainy. No luck though.
I would just do another walk around tomorrow when the weather clears. I found a kitten once and clearly found its sibling two days later in the same area. In stormy weather they can separate and get cold and everything. It's worth a try! And congrats on the new cutie :)
This is exactly what I was thinking!  It is rain!  outdoor cats are in the rain all the time.  I feel like finding a cat abandoned in a dumpster or really dirty (indicating that they have been outside for a while) would warrant rescuing, but this seems like a kitten just got out and you decided it is yours now.  I would be devastated if my kitten ran away and someone kept her because it was raining out.  Have you made any sort of effort to find a previous owner?
My family adopted a stray kitten years ago that had been abandoned by the mama cat who lived across the street. Most of the litter was killed by the neighborhood dogs, but we rescued one!
Don't worry, I looked back at some pictures and this cat isn't mine. Oh well.
:( Hope you find your kitty, man. My cat ran away for 3 weeks once, we'd given up on finding him when he just turned up one day.
If you're in the United States and it's cold and rainy, I want to go to there.
"found"
Yes found.
No, "Taken"
So cute! .For a second the title made me think of cat-napping. Like he wakes up, doesn't know where he is, and thinks he's been cat-napped rather than immediately waking up and thinking he was rescued. .And that there is the product of my long work day. 
Stop kidnappin all these kittens already
Sorry, they're just so cute.
no, seriously.  There is a VERY good chance that this kitten belongs to someone.  Usually when someone rescues a kitten/cat they show signs of obvious neglect or other signs that indicates that they have been out on their own for a while (thinner, matted hair, etc.).  This kitten looks perfectly healthy and most likely has a home already.  Outdoor cats spend time in the rain.  They don't need to be rescued just because they are outside.  Please make an effort to find out if there is already an owner.  Someone may be missing their kitten right now.
"I think he's gonna like it here.".Yes, I think he will love the internet. And the internet will love him. Welcome, Jazz Mitts (that's what I think you should call him).
I second this, but he's a she..So we need a more feminine version.  Jazzy Mitts?
I think he should go with "Pizza girl", or "Pizza queen"..Or "Lil' pitzie" when she is rapping. I'm assuming she raps.
My vote goes out for: Telephone Man
Please make sure to get him all checked out at the vet! 
will do
Make sure to isolate him from other pets too. Just rescued a kitten last week and was told to do so whenever you rescue a pet. Just incase they have something contagious. 
Thanks for the advice. It's going too home with no other kitties. 
Other pets included. My kitten is currently isolated from both dogs and cats due to worms. 
Yes, other pets included
and keep us updated!
I sure will. I might give her/him (I don't really know) too a shelter. I don't know how to raise and train kittens.
make sure you check with . so you don't give his kitten away too a shelter.
Keep us updated or no up votes for you mister!
Cats are really easy. I compare it to having a roommate. Show her where to poop, make sure she has enough food and water, and she's cool.
They're pretty easy, and judging by the coloring, it's a little girl!  .Feed them kitten food, give them a water dish, and get a litter box. Show them their poop box by holding their paw and scratching it in the litter, so she'll know that she can bury her stuff there..Pet her, snuggle her, etc. <3
Its different for every cat, but I've had four and for the most part, they were all very easy. 
Tips:
- Keep her locked in ONE room, with litterbox, kitten milk (baby formula should work too I think) and after a day or two let her explore a little bit, but keep a watchful eye! 
dude, cats don't require training...if what he will train you..Source: every day I wake up at 6:30 am and the first thing I do is feed my cat...but I couldn't imagine my life without the little devil :)
Why are you being downvoted? For doing the right thing? :\
Because when most people post about rescues, the cat was clearly in need of rescue.  This appears to be a clean, healthy kitten which indicates it most likely belongs to someone and the assumption is that OP just decided to keep it because it was raining outside.
I don't even know...
I'll wager it's because you dared suggest not keeping the kitten no matter what.  
Much easier than dogs. They have a natural instinct to bury their poop so if you put them in the litter box every 10-20 mins after they eat and they will want to poop there. Easy peasy lemon squeasy. Food and water you just leave out. May be a bit adventurous and try to climb curtains at first but that's about it. 
You wouldnt happen to live in texas wouldya? my cat just had a kitten that got lost that looks like that
He is from Texas.
Well then what are the chances haha. I live in arlington off 360 to be more specific
Nah it's Houston
Your cat is a terrible mother.
"WHERE AM I???"
"Holy shit, man, how much did I have to drink last night?"
Not too much training involved. Show the kitten his/her box every few hours for a few days and you should be good to go. And of course food, water, and love. Bam. Cats are very independent.
If you just found him you need to at least look for an owner, regardless of whether or not you think there is one out there. Depending on where you are there are legal holding periods for strays. 
If this little guy belonged to someone and he was found outside in the cold rain by himself then I say he needs new parents!  I've raised kittens before and never in a million years I would allow a kitten to go outside by themselves.  Homeaux, Im sure will give this kitty all the love, attention and care he / she needs.
If they let a kitten outside on his own, and even worse in the rain... they don't fucking deserve him
Cats . escape sometimes. Jeez.
Give it up as in take it too a shelter or a new home...
Oh I know. I' saying to hundretter that if this kitten belonged to someone, they don't deserve it
Oh okay.
Why would you take it to a shelter? That makes rescuing him from the rain pointless because they're just gonna kill him. .Keep him or keep him until you find a home. 
It's a kitten.  A calico one at that.  Euthanization is unlikely.
Home found.
Good job
Not really. I guess it depends on where you live, though. Where I live I know like 400 animals get euthanized monthly and I'm sure a lot of those are kittens 
There are exceptions to this, yes.  But even if the OP lives in one of those areas a calico kitten is going to be considered one of the most adoptable cats around.  
Indeed, this kitten looks very healthy, obviously someone is missing him/her right now..Don't like people who don't even take the time to find the original owners.
I am not surprised there are assholes out there that find an animal and never bother to look for an owner or declare the owner is clearly irresponsible because the animal was lost. Wonder how many never make it home because of that attitude.
i hope none of your pets ever scoot out the door the second you open it and then get stolen by some cock knocker when the breakaway collar falls off.  .but if it does happen, just think back to what you say here, and remember that you probably didn't deserve that pet anyway.
How do you know they let him out? Accidents happen. 
Id you've ever owned a kitten or other baby animal, they require a lot of careful attention paid to them. You need to devote a lot of time supervising them and keeping them safe, and when you're out, they need a safe place/room where they won't be able to get themselves in trouble until you're home again to keep an eye on them. 
And even with all of that, accidents can still happen. Some kittens, like some people, just attract trouble. Shit happens. 
I work in rescue. And maybe in a bubble world accidents never happen, but in this one they do. Not every one who loses is a pet is some irresponsible oaf. 
[deleted]
PLEASE, unless you know you can't suppport it, don't just give up on the lil (likely) gal! Check for an owner, and see where it goes from there. 
You'd have to check your local laws, but you don't have to give him up even for the stray hold. I just found a cat myself a little over a month ago, and I did NOT want to just drop him off at animal control and take the chances. I just reported him as found and held him for the stray period myself. No one came for him, which does often happen with cats, but it's only fair to look first. Always a chance someone is missing him.
Give it up?
Don't give up the cat. Keep the cat and just call local shelters and check online to see if there are any missing of that description. No sense in taking it to a shelter where it would get better care with you. Plus you'll have gained a great friend!
How do you know they allowed the kitten out? I just said this in another response, but accidents happen. It would be pretty shitty if this kitten belonged to someone, accidentally zoomed out an opened door, and it was just assumed his owners did it on purpose. 
god damnit man, this is the internet. tell us where the fuck you are in the world and someone will come pick up the little fucker.
Yes. This. PM OP if you want to adopt this sweet little girl.
I'm so jealous of people that just find kittens on their daily outings. 
Me too! I've never just stumbled upon an unowned kitten or puppy that needed my help :(
That's kind of desirable, I think.  It'd be better if there were no unwanted kittens or puppies that need our help.
I was about to say "me too" when I remembered that I found a kitten abandoned in an arbys parking lot near my college about 1.5 years ago...took her to a vet,she almost died of a sinus infection (didn't know that was a thing for cats) and now shes good as new! She lives with my mom and is absolutely in love with her german shepherd haha.
There's a bunch by me, annoying as fuck outdoor cats. More kitten every year and animal control won't do anything. .Please come take them all.. .I know reddit lives cats but they are getting on cars and shit now and drive my dog nuts. 
There is a friendly little dog that roams my neighborhood.  I see it about once a month.  It has no collar but I know someone owns it because it will approach me, run inside my house and is super friendly.  It is a maltese (I think) and the last time it came by I noticed massive matts in its hair but mostly on the bottom of him.  .I was easily able to pick him up and tried to brush him but the matts were horrendous.  So I just started cutting out the matts. I found a HUGE blown up tick on his neck and felt so bad for it.  I think an old lady must own it and doesn't realize how badly it needs to be groomed.  His top coat is fine but underneath was nasty.  Anyways I cut out the massive matts (which I think actually helped with the ticks because of the difficulty reaching his skin through the matts).  I gave him some treats and sent him on his way.  He stayed inside for about an hour.  I have no idea who owns him but they were probably surprised he got a haircut while he was out. :)
It's some kind of passive bonus to cat finding that redditors get. I still found any, however :/
They don't...
I used to be too, and then it got even worse when I actually found a kitten on a daily outing but was in no situation in my life where I could take him home and properly care for him. Managed to get him to a shelter, but still, I keep thinking about all of the awesome kitty adventures we would have had.
If you want there's a crazy feral cat that has been hanging out meowing outside my window every day for over two years now. You can have him/her. A word of warning though, he/she doesn't like people.
seriously what the hell? I've never run into a single cat in my life. well that's a lie, but the one I found doesn't count. everyone on reddit is like the goddam pied piper of felines or some shit. 
Crazy. In every town I've ever lived in, you'll find a swarm of cats near restaurant trash bins. 
neither did most of these people.  i'd bet that at least half of these posts are pets that got out and someone somewhere is looking for them.  especially the cats, because most people buy breakaway collars for their cat.
I really can't imagine an area without strays. 
I've bought several break aways.  Don't know if I'm lucky or not. Still got my little stinkers though. : )
I came . close to getting a kitty about a month ago. There was a cat wandering in our garden all the time, meowing and begging for food. She didn't look all that healthy either... I gave her some food, and the poor thing just scarfed it down. We continued giving her food for a while, but we knew she belonged to our neighbour, so we couldn't keep her. My parents went to see our neighbour and complained that he should feed his cats more (he had four, and other neighbours had started feeding those too). He of course said that they did get food, but their skinny frames and obvious hunger showed otherwise... But they've started coming over less since then, and when they do, they don't beg for food anymore. So I guess he really did take up responsibility..But she was the . little thing, she and I cuddled a . when she used to come over. I'm of course glad that she's getting fed properly now, but I also miss her... :(
Good for your parents! If the situation ever starts to slide downhill again, remember that they can probably get an animal control agent to come out and talk with the cats' owner, without either revealing your identity or taking any action against the owner beyond "making sure he understands how to keep the cats safe and healthy".
I know, thanks for the tip :) But the situation seems better now, the man did hear my parents out and promised to take better care of them. And it seems that he is doing so. Whenever I see the kitty now she still comes over for cuddles, but doesn't beg for food. She used to try and get inside the kitchen whenever she smelled that we were cooking, or follow us around meowing. Her fur was matted and a tad dirty, and that's starting to look better now too. It's been a while and things still haven't taken a turn for the worse, and I hope it stays that way :)
I found a kitten once, at my college apartment. She was filthy and skinny and was so cute bumping her head into things like she wanted to be petted. So I caught her. Turns out she was bumping her head into things because she's retarded. She's got something legitimately wrong with her but I always forget what it's called. Her motor functions are all out of whack. She constantly wags her tail though, so that's cute. She's my garbage kitty and I love her, but she's been a bit more than I bargained for. 
cerebellar hypoplasia possibly? 
I had a kitten like that too! His name was Ed. It took him so much longer to learn stuff vs his siblings. Sweetest kitty. I miss Ed. Special kitties need love too.
Nice
You're jealous of people lying for karma? It's not that hard, anyone can do it! 
I've got five cats and three dogs in my house that are all stray rescues. Over the last year my husband and I have rescued two dogs and three stray kittens, vetted them, and found them homes. I see stray animals out constantly. There's tons of kittens that need homes, adopt one and take some pictures. 
He's not lying, I saw it with my own eyes.
Well that makes it all better, then, doesn't it? 
It does
7 billion people in the world. Pretty sure at least one of them has found a cat and shared their story on reddit and turned out to be true..Pretty sure it will also get reposted cause reddit but hey whatever.
Thank you for your kinds words
It's not lying you ignorant asshole.
There are alot of kittens, puppies and full grown animals at shelters nationwide. If one hasnt wandered up to you in the wild then you should wander up to one of them in need at a shelter. 
Say what you will about the shelter system, it at the very least exists..I live in China and come across kittens in the street maybe twice a month, stray dogs and cats constantly.  If someone doesn't want their kittens, they put them all in a bush somewhere..It's sad, and very easy to become a 'crazy cat person' in a way.  I knew someone that collected seven strays over the course of two years here.
They don't block Reddit in China yet?
The censors are committing a serious oversight. 

I know me too, then yesterday I thought my time had come. Saw this little kitty all alone and scaWred looking in my apartment's sweltering stairway. I brought it some water and after playing the "I'm ignoring you" game with it the cat fell in love with ,me and followed me into my air conditioned apartment. Turns out it belonged to a neighbor who was sooo happy that I looked out for it, was nice to have a "found kitty" for a few hours though.
There is a ~9 month old kitty that likes to hang out in the community garden. So every time I go over there I bring a bowl and some water and I play with him for a little while. He belongs to someone and is well taken care of, but he's just so sweet I pretend he's my kitty for a little while. 
 Neither of my cats like to play.
that's cool! do your cats ever see this playtime and get jealous?
Nah. Both are older (14 and 16) and don't go far from home. The garden is a five minute walk from my house. So my kitty playtime is like a kitty affair.
lol that's awesome, thanks for making me smile.
"I smell her on you, I bet she's younger than I am. What, can't I make you happy anymore? Aren't I good enough?"
My god. It's like you know my kitties 
Sounds Clintonesque...
"How many mice has she brought you? HOW MANY?!"
With that colouring I'd put money on this little beastie's a she.  There aren't that many male calico cats and most of those have serious health issues..Very cute kitteh though:)
ARE there male calico cats? I thought the calico coloring was only on the X chromosome. I am shocked to hear that this is another of those rules with exceptions. o.o
He should be fine, he's just rare and they can be sterile sometimes because they carry an extra X chromosome. 
Gold tabbies are actualy almost always male. However, this one also has some brown markings, meaning I guess she's technically a calico. General rule is that a male cat with gold tabby markings has the same gene that makes female cats calico.
This color is called "tortie tabby" and operates under the same genetic rules as a normal tortoiseshell/calico cat.
I learned on the interwebs that male cats can not have more than 2 colors... are there some male cats that naturally have multiple colors?
Remember that white is a completely different topics for cats. So 2 colors + white
They can, it's not very common and due to a mix-up in their genetics and maybe 1 in 3000 (according to the Almighty Wikipedia) aren't sterile.
They are seriously rare and more like one of the flukes of nature that happen on occasion.  I sometimes feel like Mother Nature then tries to correct that error by piling on the health issues thanks to the screwy genetics.
Thanks, It's Always Sunny!
Maybe he lives in NY, "you guys", doesn't matter if you a man or a woman.
Use guys.
My great-grandmother was from White Plains, NY, and she referred to everyone as "yous guys".  RIP Nana.
Except for the part where he says, "took . in."
Also in Chicago.  You guys is male or female.
or Arizona.
I'm in Chicago and never realized it was a regional thing.
I've lived in the east coast and west and people said it in both places. 
I'm starting to think it isn't.
It isn't.
Oh wait - I grew up in chicago & use this all over the country (and in other countries)... have I inadvertently been creating confusion for the last 10 years?  I mean sometimes I just say "hey - everyone --" but usually... "hey - guys--". 
Wait.  That's not everywhere?  How has no one ever called me out on this before? 
Solution: check for penis.
It's fairly difficult to determine the sex of kittens. I once adopted a kitten from the Humane Society and one set of papers said the kitten was female and had been spayed and the other said the kitten was male and had been neutered. I found it really difficult to tell on my particular kitten because, being a tuxedo cat, her (she turned out to be female) rear end was covered in fluffy black fur making it hard to discern the shape of her genital area. Anyway, here's how you tell: Lift your kitten's tail. Directly underneath will be the anus. Beneath the anus, you will see the genital opening which will be either round, indicating a male, or a vertical slit, indicating a female. As a male kitten gets older the testicles will become more obvious making it easier to differentiate between the sexes.
Cats don't have external genitalia. Just different shaped holes down there.
Easier said than done. Cat physiology can be confusing.
Similar to TSA solution: check for penis "smugglers".
this also applies to thai girls
No don't. Check for vagina. You are welcome. 
Here's a quick . to help out.
Not neccesary, it's . unlikely for a cat with three colours to be a male.
Never found a four-leaf clover, but I still look. I still dream.
You'll find it one day. If you believe.
You will find them everywhere...if you wear these glasses....
It requires an extreme genetic defect of being XXY instead of XY, which in and of itself can lead to some major health issues, and the result is also a sterile male cat.  The chances are around 1/3500 of it happening..Source - My cousin has one, he's a perfectly healthy little boy however is prone to bladder infections (vet thinks a possible defect in kidneys/ureters) and has a heart murmur. 
Sounds like he's not really perfectly healthy then.
XXY = Klinefelter Kalico Kitties :)
The KKK?
almost perfectly healthy
Our male calico cat was epileptic and about twelve kinds of mentally deficient.  Gorgeous cat though.
My Siamese is proper retarded. Just meows at nothing, all the time, cross eyed twat. 
Love him though. 
...still smarter than a minpin.
I have a cross-eyed Siamese, too. She is gorgeous and actually really smart... She just doesn't look like it.
The epitome of feline derp visually though. Mine even leaves the tip of his tongue out of the side of his mouth. Never understand if he's trying to communicate with me or is just meowing to annoy me. 
Mine does the tongue thing sometimes! It's weird though, she NEVER meows. She did it the first day we took her in, that loud and distinct Siamese cry. But never since that day.
Can we swap for a bit? Mine meows when he walks In a room, when he's hungry, when he can't find me in the house, when he sees an insect to play with, when he brings anything in from outside until I go and congratulate him on his still alive, not at all injured mouse or bird he's brought in. Swear he's a Buddhist, when he dreams, when he's tired, well, you get the idea. ... Typical Siamese meow machine. 
Pretty, but stupid. 
That's my favorite kind.
We've all been there
Yep. We have.
Right?
I'd wager you don't spend a lot of time looking at cat genitals.......was my response on how your solution is not the best, before i realized how the inverse paints me.
Actually this kitten looks too young for such "investigations" to be done.  My roommate in college got a kitten who, upon arrival, "checked-out" to be a girl.  "She" was a tiny black cutie and my roommate showered "her" with pink accessories and named her Amira (means Princess).  A few months later, my roommate took Amira to get vaccinated at the vet, and the vet said "I don't know how to say this to you, so I'm just going to show you."  He proceeded to pinch a part of Amira's genital region, and out popped a tiny little penis...  My roommate screamed.  She stilled loved the cat for years to come, but I think she was devastated for months after this happened..TL;DR: Some kittens have hidden genitals until they are 6 months old.
That was my original joke - if you spend any amount of time looking at cat genitals, you realize how nearly impossible it is to find a penis on little ones.  I usually feel for testicles, and if none are present, I tell the owners to give it about 6 weeks and we will check again..(I have diagnosed a lot of gender swap kitties)
Normal, healthy kittens are actually born with their testicles descended and penis "in place".
They surely don't always stay there.  4-6 week old kitties are a bitch and a half to gender identify.
In cats, once they've descended they can't actually go back inside the abdominal cavity, but they can be drawn closer to the body a bit..But I agree, palpating something that small on a wiggling kitten with extra sharp claws is a bitch and a half.
Oddly, searching a cat for a penis could also be described as searching a pussy for a.....rooster.
little fucker won't let me take a peek
It looks JUST like two of the kittens in the litter our cat just had: Honey and Calypso <3  .It can be tricky to be sure of the gender judging by the distance between the two holes on the back  though. Unless kittens of both genders. 
Wait untill he cleans himself. Young male cats often get a boner when they clean the area.
From little guy to little fucker in no time. 
He will have a tiny, tiny little ballsack if he's male.. the holes are closer together if she's female.
Careful though sometimes those little furballs can be mistaken for just furtufts. We thought my sisters kitten was a he but found out that he was a she later on
It can be really hard when they are kittens. Generally it's better to judge based on the distance between the hole and the anus rather than what the hole looks like
We had a cat my mum called Miss Honeysuckle-Rose..Later it became Ralph.
Thought our cat was a girl for a full year until we went to get it spayed, as it turned out that wasn't really possible.  It did shed some light on why he was always so pissy during bath time... my mom can be a menace with a hairbrush
Bath time?!
Went in for our first check up with my boy, the vet checked to see if he was pregnant (he was a stray) then started inspecting everything. I am the proud owner of a male cat with coloring similar to OP's, although his stripes are darker brown.
Pin him down while having cat porn playing in the background, you will know real quick. 
I thought it was funny :)
That's what I do with women and it works half of the time.
This is a characteristic about men that women tend to want to know sooner, rather than later. 
For a second I wondered if cat porn is actually a thing. But then I came to my senses, of course it is. There is probably a subreddit for it as well. And a preemptive 'fuck you' to anyone who responds to this with a link because I can't resist clicking on links and I really don't want to see cat porn.  
 :D .NSFW!!! :D
But...I don't see any cats....
you are way too happy about this.
:D
Brilliant advice from CHICKEN_CUNT
White power
Poor effort, sloppy execution, no relativity to subject..2/10 Troll.
Colonel Sanders would not get this....(on the menu).
Hahahaha
Like you give a flying_fuck.
Or a flying_fap.......flap flap flap (pilot masturbating).
Shut up, vagina_sprout.
Shut your flappy cows.
Trying not to laugh right now
I will after you stop laughing.
Ugh I hate username threads. What's the point
Yeah that was kind of cringey to read...
Just maus your iguana.
You're right. Iguana stop this thread right now.
Mike hat looks a bit like the one in the picture
Yeah, that's a real rad hat.
Guys let's be serious and withhold the laughing for a second. 
Dude, it's hard not to laugh when you're blending anuses
It's hard to withhold laughter whilst blending my anus. 
Yeah, well, that's just, like, your opinion, man.
Only if you make me a milkshake with that Anus_Blender of yours.
At least i dont mistake dildos with seacreatures
My name can't be made fun of.
when you sukoff nazis, do you spit or swallow?
(Well done)  .When you PorkJeebus do you come inside?

Senor buzkill
Until you realize that "Suko" is Japanese slang for "Girls shitting grasshoppers on your face".

