Have someone hem those pants! Please for the love of Buddha...
Don't wear a bowtie if you're not wearing a jacket, and don't go for a vest either..
Of course we don't know the full dress code for your dinners but if possible I would just wear a shirt and some pants..I'm not a huge fan of the shirt itself, a white shirt would look better if possible but since you say you don't have the budget a jacket I'm not sure if getting a new shirt is any more possible..Alongside this your pants look like they're too long given how they're breaking at the bottom, this may not be feasible for these dinners but it may be a good idea to get them hemmed to a shorter length.
Hi Skillfulsugar, welcome to MFA!.You cannot post a link and a text description at the same time, it's one or the other. Don't worry, this way of posting is perfectly fine..As you're young you have plenty of leniency when it comes to dress codes given budgetary restraints. That said, it's always best to shoot for an outfit as appropriate as possible..First we need to define what "semi-formal" means - traditionally it actually means black-tie (i.e. tuxedo!) in which case this outfit clearly does not meet it as it's not a tuxedo..If by "semi-formal" they just mean "vaguely dressed up" then we're more on the right lines..Conventional wisdom says to only wear a tie if you have a jacket on as well. A jacket without a tie both . and more closely adheres to the . of formal-wear than a shirt and tie do..A waistcoat ("vest") is a complete misstep - it is a very common thing for younger men to try adding a waistcoat without a jacket to an outfit to be classy, but it looks awful/tacky in most instances. Unless you're wearing a full three-piece suit, just avoid waistcoats..If you were wearing a neck-tie it'd look really dodgy but the bow-tie does not look awful without a jacket - indeed this style can play into a youthful, hip, geek-chic kind of vibe. However, if the even is just dressy rather than Formal I would certainly consider losing the bow-tie..The biggest problem this outfit faces apart from the tie/jacket problem is the shirt. The shirt is much too dark to work here and certainly too dark to support a tie. Look at .. The stark blackness pops off of the aggressive white of the shirt - it is this conflict that, under evening lights, produces a sharp and sleek look. In your outfit the black of the tie gets buried and lost under the suffocating darkness of the shirt which blurs into the darkness of your trousers.. In effect it is visual mud with no definition or distinction. The casual button-down collar of the shirt does not help matters. In general dark shirts should rarely if ever be paired with ties - dark ties get lost and bright ties against dark clothing are . tacky..Other issues with the outfit, not directly related to your question but worth mentioning for the future:.Please take these comments in the spirit intended - not as criticism of you but direction to steer yourself in for the future..Depending on your . and the . I would suggest the following actions in descending importance:.Hope this helps you!
I have to disagree with syeknom. In my opinion, wearing a jacket and no tie looks sketchier than a tie with no jacket.  I would go with a white shirt, though, and I don't think there's anything wrong with your belt buckle.
wow! Thanks for the advice! A semi formal is pretty casual, just something nice to wear for dinner. Your advice has given me alot to think about. I'm tossing up whether to get a jacket and a lighter shirt, or just leave the bow-tie out. With a tie could a black and solver chequered tie be useful? The pants have been hemmed and as for the shoes i was going to get some nice lace ups but seeing that im still growing i would be throwing away money that i don't have so my school shoes will have to do :/.Thanks again for the really helpful info. Also my first time buying fancy'ish clothes.
If it's reasonably casual I'd probably jettison the tie altogether and swap to a lighter shirt, then add a jacket if you like/can..If you wear a neck-tie instead of a bow-tie it really needs a jacket to work. Grey or navy would be nice colours for a tie here. Black would far too stark and funereal in combination with black jacket/trousers and white shirt.
Ok, ill go look at some jackets, lighter shirts and ties, and see if i can afford it, otherwise i will lose the bow-tie. wow, fashion is hard..Thanks
Since you do not have to wear a jacket, why not opt for some khaki chinos instead of the pants on the photo? 
It's an acquired skill/way of looking at things like most everything else in life is! Important to have fun with it though.
Don't sweat too much, nothing will fit you after a couple months anyway. 
Well, as other people recommended, white chucks (low) or vans would be a safe choice, but if you're the type of guy with a lot of assurance, you . try some leather boots (CDBs) or shoes (any leather sneakers or boat shoes). It's not a safe bet, but I personally started wearing my Sperry's boat shoes at 14 years old, and I started wearing my CDB's last year, at 15..For shirts, plains V-necks or Crewnecks are a safe bet, I personally prefer white and black, but you can pretty much go for any color you like. Hoodies are perfectly fine at your age, as well as sweaters (they actually work for any age)..For pants, I know some people won't agree with me, but I'm a huge fan of levi's 510, but avoid them if you're not actually a slim guy. Otherwise, dark indigo or black 511's/513's should work perfectly. Chinos are totally fine too..At your age, if you didn't start yet, you should start shaving every 2/3 weeks (exept if you don't have some facial hair yet), it will make you look at lot more clean. For your hairs, I don't really have any advice for you, I'm personally using just a little bit of pomade and a lot of spray net, it's the best way to place my hairs for me, but pretty much everyone has a different way.
Yeah, invest in a decent hair product instead of gel.
And freshman year of HS was around the time I stopped wearing athletic shoes for non-athletic times. In other words, it's when I learned how great a good pair of leather shoes looks with jeans and how stupid sneakers look. Since you're in HS, looking stupid like that is fine, but experiment a little. Canvas shoes, like Vans, work well, too.
Don't use stuff for your hair that will cause dandruff or any other build up. Use a hair cream or something like that instead, and use it very sparingly if at all. I'm of the opinion that using any styling product for your hair, particularly in high school, will come off as trying way too hard. .For shoes, all the standard choices apply. Chucks, Jack Purcell, Vans, etc. Aim for shoes that use canvas , and good general colors are gray, off-white, white, blue, and black. Other colors can also certainly be suitable, but they're more dependent on what the rest of your outfit consists of and what your personal style is. .Jeans are always good, aim for darker colors like indigo or navy (but not black, unless you really want to, you're in high school so the rules are very lax), but go for minimum distressing as opposed to the faded out and ripped jeans your classmates might be sporting. Make sure they're slim, but not overly tight, but again this depends on your own style and as a teenager you can get away with just about anything as long as they aren't leggings or parachute pants. .For tops go for tshirts, polos, maybe even some shirts but that might be considered "dressy" in your age category. Go for solid colors as you develop your taste and style, things like various shades of blue or green, white, even some shades of purple or other exotic colors. Same goes for tshirts, but if anything you can go even bolder there, though may not have to if you get ones with graphics. Personally, I never understood how to pick out graphics tees that are "cool," so hopefully someone else can help you out with that. .Also, of course, you'll need shorts. Aim for at the knee or just above it in terms of length, and choose colors like khaki, stone, gray, or even things like blue or green or red, depending on what you like and looks best with your complexion, style, and other wardrobe pieces. The first three are much more neutral and will go with just about anything, while the latter three are more lively, summery, and better suited for sprucing up outfits where you go with a neutral color on the top. .You could also consider getting chinos, but I wouldn't advise getting more than a single pair. You aren't going to need them in high school, so no use buying in advance when you're just likely to grow out of them.
Gel is crap.  Use a wax, fiber, or pomade. 
Use wax or pomade or something. As far as shoes, chucks, purcells, killshots are great. For a different look, Roshe Runs are amazingly comfortable. Good luck in high school! 
You realize that Vans . sneakers right? And sneakers go . with jeans. Especially as a freshman, if he walks around in jeans and leather shoes, he's going to be made fun of, or called pretentious. 
Back to School shopping list:., ., or . depending on your hair type/style you want to achieve.. or . depending on which style you like better. These are going to be your most versatile shoes for "every day" wear..Assorted . or . Tees, depending on your preference., I linked 511's, but those may not suit you depending on your build. Try some pairs on, take pictures, and post them in the Outfit Feedback threads if you're not sure of the fit. .Two pairs of well fitting khaki's/chinos in different colors such as . or .. Again, I linked slimmer fits, as that is what I wear, but you may need to change depending on body type. .One or two decent Oxford Cloth Button Down collared shirts that fit you well, in . and ...Those should cover your bases as a freshman, as you're not likely going to have to dress super formal. . 
Where were you when I was starting high school? Solid info.
Thanks for the reply. And yes, I already purchased two button up shirts that I will not be using too formally. I also purchased nice shorts to go along with it. I think it will look more into Vans. Thanks for all the suggestions though.
use wax.converse chuck taylors or vans authentics in white
He's right. My go-to's are usually a pair of washed denim Vans in red. Unless you clean your shoes regularly, white may be difficult to keep white, however. A pair of black Chuck Taylors would basically go with most styles, especially for high school.
I wore the same black chucks for three years of high school and they look awesome now. It's a great souvenir of everything I did in that time period.
Navy blue authentics look cool too
I think it's safe to assume a different color will be better as it will expand his wardrobe. 
Awful to wear with jeans tho
whats the point of keeping white canvas shoes white. they look better when they're beat to shit
I've ordered things from out of country to Canada, and my experience is it's really a crap shoot as to whether or not they charge duties..It almost seems as though they just make up an amount to charge you, I've had ridiculous amounts charged for duty.  You only find out once it's in your hands and too late.
How does the process work, were you automatically charged by the retailer/customs once they determined the amount? 
You owe the money to customs.  I think they just take your credit card and charge you at the door or pickup location before releasing the package.
Usually what happens is that the company delivering your goods will require for someone to be at the delivery address so they can get paid before delivering the package. I've also had UPS just drop off the package and send me a bill later (sent them a cheque via mail)..Like anthonyisgood said, it's pretty random. I don't even know if they're going to charge me or just leave the package on my doorstep.
Cravats are hard. As . mentioned you're probably going to want to go into a very formal outfit, like a morning suit (morning dress that matches jacket to trouser).  (Though AFAIK tying it into an Ascot is actually the more casual way to wear a cravat).  If you are going to do it, go for something like ..  You will need at the least a wing collar tux shirt, a waist coat, and an appropriate jacket and pants. .If she wants elegant, just try to lead her towards a tux and bow-tie.  Much easier to pull off and most people will think it looks better.  There is . nothing wrong with black tux, white shirt, black tie for the groom at a wedding.  
Does her family or your family have strong ties to formal weddings, morning dress, and cravats? Or does she just like the idea of them?.B/c if you're going to wear a cravat, you should know what the hell you're doing, otherwise you'll just be playing dress-up and wearing a costume at your wedding. You'd be much better off wearing a tuxedo (assuming it's an evening wedding of course) or a formal suit and nice wedding tie. 
I would strongly advise against it. A wedding is usually a formal affair, and a formal-style cravat (Ascot) would have to be worn with the fitting attire, which is full morning dress. If you're not wearing full morning dress, and you likely wouldn't unless you're in the UK, then wearing a Cravat will only look affected and possibly pretentious. 
Don't stress what to wear at a college house party. Jeans, shorts, a tee or a polo. House parties are sposed to be fun; dressing up should be one of the least of your worries.
Whatever you wear there, you better be wearing your birthday suit by the end of the night.
Go find a copy of Project X, and just copy it frame for frame.
White canvas sneakers are great for college parties if you have them, gets them dirty so fast. .Being college, a lot of dudes will be in plaid button downs, which are sort of useful as party shirts because stains and spills won't be as apparent as on a white or blue ocbd but tshirts are probably best especially assuming it's summer where you are. .Really though just wear whatever you want that you aren't super concerned about getting dirty.
It's a college (frat?) house party, so there's no dress code, just wear whatever is comfortable and looks good, but that you aren't too worried about messing up. So nothing valuable or expensive, and especially wear some beater shoes, because they will get stepped on, spilled on, and maybe even puked on before the night is through. So your choices are shirts, tshirts, and polos for the body, and shorts or pants for the legs. Since it's summer, shorts and something short sleeved could be a good look, so a polo or tshirt, depending on how laid back or frat boy/preppy you want to look. Since it's a party and likely in the late evening/night, bright colors don't matter so much, so just wear stuff that fits well. 
What does this even mean? 
Remember that by just merely lurking this sub you are putting yourself way ahead of the average student. Try to stay casual
Okay now this I know. For a college party, really don't stress what you wear. It's going to be dark, it's going to be HOT, and no one's going to notice your outfit much. They're not gonna notice what your wearing from the waist down. Just wear some shoes you don't care about, a pair of chino shorts, and a v-neck. If that's too dressed down for you, a lot of guys wear plaid shirts with the sleeves rolled up. 
Dress in your own style; just be yourself. It's a house party, don't over think it. You're there to have a good time and meet people..Edit: Looking back, sorry, this was a lazy answer, sorry. I'd like to actually suggest posting a fit picture of what you normally wear, and we can go from there to alter it into something party-able but still "you". Without any starting idea of your style, we can only suggest uniform-type fits.
Just don't overdress. Jeans and t-shirt is absolutely OK.
Plaid or a polo shirt. I usually just wore what I wore to class that day. I went to UNC, so it varies depending on which school you attend. But it really doesn't matter... just have fun.
Depends on the college but here at the University of Virginia you'll be pulling a plethora of pussy if you go with a goofy/plaid button down (sleeves rolled up to forearms, top two buttons left unbuttoned) khaki shorts (make sure its above the knees, no cargo shorts) and sperrys or some other semi-casual shoe like moccasins or the non-skater looking vans. Standard look of half the people you'll see at parties, cant go wrong.
Don't wear anything you don't want to get puke, blood or ejaculate on. And don't bring nice shoes, some fucking drunk will walk home in em.
This really depends on the the scene.  Frat/sororstitute party is gonna look a lot different than GDI party which is gonna look kind of different than hipster house party.  For the last two types, if you're GDI you won't necessarily stick out as much, that is if your goal is to conform/not look out of place.  This goal is shallow, but many times necessary if you want to get some action.  Ultimately, just dress casual and comfortable because not too many people give a fuck what you wear in college..If its a GDI/hipsterish house party, wearing a cool graphic tee will get girls to open for you, saving you the trouble of making that first contact.
I've never seen a guy get dressed up for a normal house party in college.  Where the same shit you wore to class that day..I saw some good advice about not wearing shoes you care about.  You will get spilled on..Want to fuck with the host?  Hide the remote control for there TV.
What does this even mean? 
Good fitting jeans, a nice vneck, polo, or button-down, and shoes you don't give a fuck about. This is pretty much the "going out" uniform of your average college male. As always, good fit will set you apart..Source: college male.
Dress for the occasion. I.e. getting dirty, and not being that guy at the party who's over dressed. You'll want either dark jeans and a nice tee (v or crew neck), or you could go with shorts and a tee. Pretty much anything over that is going to be pretentious and impractical. You can take liberties with the color choices of each item you wear and of course make sure the fit is perfect. If you choose to wear long pants versus the shorts, you then have the option of cuffing them, which adds a bit more visual drama to your appearance, but for the most part, simplicity is King. Overall, things will get messy, people only perceive the fit and color choice anyway, and good fit belays the real price of your clothing, which is essential if you want to look like an adult but relaxed enough to pass as non-pretentious student and potentially get dirty. CAVEAT: of course dress any steps up from this if your party is atypical and somehow classier (ie classy themed, or it's just that kind of place where people are extremely well dressed to get drunk in a house...)

Sweet. My kind of alley. What you're gonna wanna do is grab some boat shoes, a shirt of a summer/light color that fits you not too snug, and matching shorts that show off some thighs (9'' or 11'' if your legs are really long, and 7'' if you're brave, OP). 
I wouldn't wear boat shoes unless you want them to be black the next morning.
Yup. Beer, dirt, and questionable fluids all over the floor
The more beer stains the better for boat shoes. 
So...try to be a frat guy.
Yeah, I apologize since my answer is so limited. It's because that's just how I and my brothers dress for parties (in the summer)...which pretty much fits into a "college house party" situation. I guess if OP doesn't wanna take this route, the safest bet it to wear some Chinos and a well matching shirt, relatively light color to show off vibrant personality/fit for the summer. 
Mind you, I think most frat guys dress like absolute fucktards. No hate. 
Yeah I agree with you there. I didn't say that frat guys are fashionable by any means. I was just suggesting what OP asked for a "college house party attire." 
I mean, there's two kinds of house parties. Frat houses, or GDI parties. I could get into the entire how-to-dress-for-college-nightlife thing in a solo post, but if i'm going to a frat party, i'm wearing dark slim denim, white v-neck, or something. The dead opposite of frattire, because I wanna stand apart. But that's just me.
I really really don't understand this hate coming from MFA. . asked about how to dress at house parties and . gave him an answer that worked for the parties he goes to. In fact, at my college, pretty much everyone (non-frat types and frat types included) dresses in a button down, shorts, and boat shoes when they go out partying. And it's not a small college; this is just the way people do things. Sure, some nights I'll just go the tee shirt or jeans route, but I get tired of seeing MFA downvote relevant comments just because people think "OMG FRAT DOUCHE 2typical4me".EDIT: I realize that this might have just been a joke, but I just wanted to make a note because it seems to me this happens way too often around here.

The biggest thing to me is don't wear shoes you really care about. College house parties have sticky floors, constantly spilled beverages and if you're dancing they'll be stepped on to no end.  .expect it be 10-20 degrees hotter in the house.  It's amazing how hot it can get. Even in January I wasn't wearing a jacket to parties at my Frat house because it gets so damn hot. .If you put something down, make sure to take it with you before you go. You'd be astounded by the stuff left at the house the morning after parties. .Edit: I realized that I didn't really address the question.  I was usually in jeans and a dark v-neck (no spillage stains/ sweat stains) and on colder nights/date parties I'd wear a button down or polo depending on how hot it was. Just be wary of clothes being ruined.  Since it's summer, I'd throw on a pair of plain front shorts.
yeah always dress one layer less than you would in the outside weather. and man up while walking too the party, it helps in the long run too not be talking to a girl while wearing a hoodie. 
My go to was always Sperry top-siders, spilling things on them helps break them in and if you take care of them right, doesn't affect them too much as a whole.
Me too. I had a pair of black leather ones that I kick around.
college parties are the best place to dirty up a pair of vans or chucks.
True, but usually I wasn't aiming to get my red wings trampled on. My black and gold Janoski's have seen more of their fair share of abuse and alcohol soakings. 
Hey, I'm wearing the same shoes today. high foot!.I don't know dude, from the photo it looks like the uppers are in pretty good condition - all I see is a small scuff on the toe that will likely be minimized after a clean/polish. No reason that "wear them without socks" and "take care of them" can't go together. Obviously I don't know what the soles are looking like, but even if you pay $75 to get them re-soled/recrafted that's a great shoe in good condition for under $150. .Wearing a shoe as dressy as that sockless isn't really my thing, but it's definitely on-trend these days so have at it with a pair of chinos. I think they'd look pretty ridiculous with a pair of shorts though. If you want them to last longer, wear them with no-show socks or at least stick shoe trees in them after you take them off. 
Nice! And thanks for the reply. They are cleaning up pretty well but they have a few cuts (not through) and gouges. Wearing them today for first time and they are looking pretty ok so far! I may try the chino barefoot sometime soon. We must push ourselves! ;)
I love Sanfords.  For anyone wondering, these are the blucher version of the Strand, made on the 7 last (as opposed to the strand which is made on the 5).  This means they are a bit roomier than the AE Strands, and the open lacing of the blucher definitely helps guys with bigger feet.  Derbies are not our friend.
Broken down?  Those look really slick already, with some care they should be awesome.
I think those shoes should be bar laced, which is what you have done.  Those laces look pretty light though.  I'd at least swap them out for a new pair of leather laces. .With a little bit of polish and elbow grease those shoes would sing.  If you want to change them up a little, try a brown cream polish to darken them.  .EDIT: Corrected, they're Bluchers
Actually the Sanfords are bluchers; OP either has feet a little bit small for the size or differently-shaped than mine so the flaps are meeting in the center. Bar lacing definitely works in the OP's photo, but for mine I've got some space between the flaps so I've got them laced up in the standard criss-cross
Good call, didn't look carefully enough at the shoes.  I'd still bar lace though. 
They have 5 eye-holes; from everything I've seen, odd numbered eye-holes are difficult to bar lace.  Do you have a technique for this or is it an oversight?
If you look, they're bar laced now.  On the website Roshach linked they call what I called Bar lacing - Straight European Lacing, which is how I do all my dress shoes.  Doesn't matter odd or even eyelets that way.   Doing that way keeps also keeps shoes nice and tight and you can't tell the difference in dress shoes (the eyelets coming together hides the crosses underneath)
I suppose it comes down to preference, but I actually prefer to cross-lace open laced shoes (like OP's), and bar lace closed-laced shoes (more formal).  But, I'm not sure if this is best practice or opinion.
Straight Bar lacing is what require and even number of eylets.  It's a lot easier to do than that Euro version.
 I linked directly to "straight bar lacing," which I recommend, but feel free to click around if you want something else..EDIT: I just realized the Sanfords have 5 eyelet pairs, so you probably want to go with .. Be sure to select the 5 option to the left of the diagram.
Perfect, I'll check 'em out!
they're called tea shades if that helps
in the trashcan of an Anime Concept Artist..seriously those do not look good unless you are ozzy, john Lennon, or some over the top 90's anime character (Vash the stampede, Alucard, etc). and even THEY looked bad in them
this is great.
Probably in the weathered leather case on the handle of the nearest penny farthing. 
Just check around all the coffee shops, they like to herd there.
They look like steampunk glasses, try this:

I actually saw glasses pretty close to these for $10 on a street vendor's table in Soho last night. I realize this probably doesn't help you much, but it's quite a coincidence.
Please donate them back into the waste center. :)
Those look like the stereotypical 40-year-old officeworker's version of a "dress shoe"..I wouldn't put any effort at all into "saving them". Unless you're in desperate need for shoes, I would probably just put them back.
Personally, I don't think it would be worth the effort if you're concerned about your own style. They're probably a solid pair of shoes, but if you're going for the MFA uniform look, they likely won't fit into your desired aesthetic. .Perhaps you could clean them and donate them to a local shelter or Salvation Army, though. I'm sure it's tempting to give into the snark of other posts and just dump them because they're "unworthy", but even if they don't fit your particular lifestyle, those shoes can still go to someone who doesn't have the time or money to even think about caring about this kind of thing. If you know of someone in that kind of need, skip the shelter and give it to them directly.
probably saveable but you shouldn't, as they're really ugly. 
The typical suede cleaning tools/products is what you are looking for.
congrats on the weight loss and good luck with keeping things going toward your goal. it seems like you're going for a nicely dressed casual look. if so then i do think brown shoes and belt are a better choice than black..the shirts seems to be a pretty decent fit and since you're in the process of losing weight it doesn't make a ton of sense to stress over that a ton. when you hit your goal you can get some things tailored if you like and start building a bit more pieces in your wardrobe - for now going with affordable basics is definitely the right move..i think the pants are too wide to cuff. that works best with something significantly more tapered unless you're going to do a pinroll. the colors on both are not bad, but they're not the easiest and most versatile either. i think you know that..good luck with the changes. it looks like you're making a good effort and the progress will continue with time..cheers
Definitely better with brown shoes and belt.  The black clashes hard with those light pants.  Generally only go black shoes and belt with a monochrome fit..That being said, I'm not a fan of the shirt either.  It looks like something a waiter would wear.  I'd go with a light grey OCBD to make it more casual.
What it is:.I'm on a budget, so I'm shopping whatever can fit my wallet at Kohl's right now.  Since I am losing weight my wardrobe is evolving pretty quickly, so I'm waiting to get the more pricey purchases and really go all out as I get closer to my evened out body size.  But for the ride I'm working with that I have.
yep those are too wide to cuff. it just looks like your pants don't fit you rather than it being an actual decision to cuff. cuffing is meant to be slimming and accentuate your ankles and shoes. it isnt accomishing that at all right here
I figured that might be the case. I got  some brown shoes right as I purchased this they just aren't pictured. As for the shirt, its the color rather than style you're displeased with?.Thank you for that rule of thumb. 
Not a fan of the color or the style.  Your pants look pretty casual and the shirt looks pretty formal with the stiff collar.  I'd recommend a light colored casual shirt such as an OCBD with those pants..Your cuffs also look a bit awkward.  I'd reduce their size and cuff them twice.
J Crew on sale maybe. . would be more helpful
There are a ton of swim shorts on sale for the next 2 days on Myhabit
just created an account. Let's see if they have some good stuff on here
I just bought 2 pairs of nice short swim trunks from H&M for a total of $30. 
Highly recommend!
H&M. Cut the liners out if you want, I had no problem doing it and they fit great.
Swimwear is being moved out of stores now to prepare for Fall. Check H&M but they might be all gone.
Thanks!
Second H&M. They have consistently decent shorter trunks.
Bonobos has some here: . (filter by 'Swim').
In my quest to find these trunk today, I continue to run across the term "volley". Does that basically mean above the knee?
asos has some good options - 
I have never bought anything from ASOS but everything is always really cheap. Are they good quality?
i own a pair of the asos trunks in red, they're pretty good, about on par with H&M quality I would say
nvm I'm in the US
what's the problem with that?.still free shipping and returns.
Lands End has some . for you. 
Dammit I found the perfect ones but they don't have my size.
These are good trunks, I have the 6" volleys from a sale last month.  I kinda wanted the flag ones but I love stupid Americana stuff like that.
Wear whatever you feel most comfortable with. If the invite calls for black tie, nothing wrong with wearing a tux. Since you sound like you are either in HS or College, you'll probably see a lot of people wearing suits with an actual black tie, but that doesn't mean you wearing a tux would be wrong. .Personally, I'd wear the tux, but only because I only get to wear my tux ~10x/year and I jump at the opportunity whenever it's available.
This is one of the few instances where it's okay to be overdressed relative to your peers since you'll be appropriately dressed for the occasion. I say rock the black tie.
Graduation from what would be my main question. I don't think it matters to much one way or the other, but if the dress code says black tie, I would go black tie and let the others come underdressed, it's their business. But the truly most important question is whether or not you have a tux or a suit that fits you very well and that you feel comfortable in. If you have a tux like that, wear that, no questions asked. If you don't and would have to rent one, you might actually be better off in a suit, simply because it would fit you better and therefore look nicer. I don't think you should let the opinions of your friends influence you one way or the other, if anything being part of the minority should be a boon, since you'll stand out more. 
I'm all about not over-dressing for a situation but if the dress code actually says "black-tie" and a lot of people aren't and are giving you a hard time, tell your friends that you're in the minority of people who know what they're doing. .It's one thing to take "semi-formal" too literally and throw on a tux when you know most people don't know what it actually means, but black-tie is black-tie unless you absolutely can't get access to a dinner jacket. 
You are going to be in the minority of awesome.  Rock that dinner jacket, let the rest eat cake.
Rock the bow-tie! In fact, add in a pocket square and where with confidence. Fashion is all about self-expression, so wear what your hearts tells you.
If youre not confident in standing out you should definitely conform.  It wont matter how "right" you are if youre looking awkward and checking your clothes constantly cause youre uncomfortable.  Wear something you can be confident in and you'll look great.
10 times a year is a ton of use out of a tux.  I wish I could wear one that often. 
If you're going to be uncomfortable standing out being one of the few following dress code, consider going with the suit..Ideally though, be proud of actually doing black tie..Edit: just wanted to plug . since it's a fantastic resource
Agreed. Sure you'll stand out, but who's to say that's not a good thing?
not the store's fault, always a risk with international orders if its a big order
Big as in price or big as in quantity of items? Because it was just one pair of shoes, the total around $200.
that's bullshit man! I've never received a package via fedex and I guess that's a good thing.
I think big as in price, I'm not totally sure how it works though but I've heard it's always a risk. When people sell used clothing across borders they usually disguise their shit as cheap shit to avoid the fee but retailers can't really do that..Next time order from a north american stockist, i guess?
Some of it may be a brokerage fee, but that does sound excessive. You can request an adjustment. Remember to factor in both gst and pst on top of whatever duty tax may be charged for shoes. .Also here a site to estimate customs fees. 
These are both very useful links for in the future, thank you for this!
Where were the shoes made?
That sounds about right. So, it's non-NAFTA footwear meaning no exemption and there is federal and provincial tax..Let's say the shoes are somewhere in the 6400 range for tariff class (18%) and you live in Ontario..So that's $66.68, plus some brokerage cost from the shipper and you're at your $72.
Yikes. I makes sense then, but still stings. considering refusing shipment and just getting a refund. 
Well, you'd still have to ship it back? Unlike Canada Post, FedEx usually just holds and then destroys undeliverable mail.
No, if I refuse shipment it will be sent back. Just got off the phone with FedEx.
That's fortunate then, and hopefully you can find a North American stockist.
I heard part of it is that norse store puts original value. So even if you only paid 200, if they were originally listed at 540, you pay customs on the 540 because of how norse store does it
My job requires business casual and I mostly stick to dark blue jeans, gray/brown/blue chinos and brown shoes.  I got a decent pair of brown oxfords and have worn them almost every day for the past year.  I generally prefer brown shoes because they look nice but not too nice and still look good after taking a bit of wear.  Where black shoes tend to either look really nice or just ok and don't look as good when they start showing some wear (IMO).  In the end, it's good to have both.  But if you want to start with just 1 pair, brown may be a bit more flexible.
If your only current pair of shoes are black, you certainly need a pair of brown shoes. It depends on what level of business-casual you are as well as what your budget is. If you can give me a range I can put together a few options for you!
Dude definitely go in for a pair of brown shoes. They'll really help out in a bizcaz environment. That way you can rotate the black and brown so you won't wear out either one too quickly. .You're initial thoughts about what to wear each color shoe with is pretty spot on, but you can totally wear black shoes with blue jeans or a navy suit.
See, this is where I get hung up. As far as I can tell, it's pretty casual for business casual. I feel like I'm likely to wear black or dark blue most days, since I can get away with jeans and will mostly be there through the fall and winter..I DO have a pair of nice, brown moccasins that I can swing with the khaki I already own, but I'm not in love with them.
If you really want some brown shoes you should get them. Heck you might even be interested in some casual boots that MFA likes to fawn over, for good reason. You can wear those on the weekends too if you want to justify the costs..Or you don't have too. If you feel more comfortable with black shoes, get some of those. Clothing should make . feel good and comfortable, not some random internet forum..Anyway, what's your price range? That'd make recommendations way easier if that's what you're looking for.
Well, I start Monday and am sort of trying to find something to meet my needs for just a couple weeks first. I'm gonna go dig around all the cheap options in town. Like, I'm hoping to keep it under $50..As for a couple weeks down the line, I'm looking to spend around $100, give or take depending.
If you're planning of cheap and just keep what you have now, which sound fine in that casual of an environment, and spend $150 on a nicer pair. You could also try to pick up a not too heavily used pair of AEs or vintage Florshiem long wings off ebay, and those will be a much nicer shoe than you could ever get for 50 bucks new.
Honestly, the only pairs of shoes I own right now that I would feel comfortable wearing are a black pair of driving moccasins that are maybe too casual and a nicer brown moccasin with an actual sole on it. I have a pair of dress shoes, too, but they're more than I want to wear..My hangup is that I'm in transition. I'm trying to look the part for my new job on the budget of my old job. I might even just try to find something to wear in transition..As for the level of casualness, it's pretty flexible, I think. I haven't seen the boss in anything but jeans. I've also been hoping to move into some stylish boots, so I'm keeping my eyes open for work appropriate boots. Not into CDBs, really, too chunky. If I had my druthers, and once I have some paychecks in hand I'm gonna work on it, but I'd like to dress down something like this: .There used to be a pair of dress boots on here with a very similar double-strap on there that I REALLY loved, but they're missing.
This is a cool idea for a discussion. The first movie to pop into my head was blade runner, but I'm not sure why. I've been into cyberpunk lately, and I think that may have something to do with it..I do like the way Deckard's style is somewhat more traditional and "normal" even though he's in a very high tech, futuristic setting.
Basquiat, Drive, and Wes Anderson movies (I need a team Zissou beanie in my life).
If I catch any of you fuckers saying Drive....Gotta be The Town. Good juxtaposition of urban wear versus John Hamm's suits. Pacific Rim was pretty good. Charlie Hunnam used a lot of work-wear inspired aesthetics that i'm down with right now.  
Into Darkness and Dr. No are the two I watched most recently where I found myself paying especial attention to the clothes. Maybe Grease, .People here also talked about Skyfall and Looper a lot when they came out (there are prolly threads on those if you wanna search 'em) (actually I'm p sure one of the top ~5 all time is something like a one look two budgets of Skyfall)..Look here for more:.there are probably more but those are the top 5 threads if you search MFA for 'movies' ....ps, if you want to watch vids specifically about fashion & style, putthison is a decent series to checkout, and . has some, and then you can go down the youtube-related-videos rabbit hole from there
Anything by Wes Anderson, American Psycho, most old military films.

The Talented Mr Ripley is basically perfect.
lol 
Thanks for the heads up, it was an organic idea I promise, I'll check out those other threads though.
Inception really got to me and of course the Daniel Craig bonds.
i never realized how great dr emmet brown's shirt and glasses are in 2
The Curious Case of Benjamin Button.So many great designs were put together. Normally, movies have to reflect one period of time to focus and build upon. This movie had to span from the 1910's to early 2000's and find cohesion among the character development displayed. It's a great focal point to remember that some classic styles still look great. Leather cafe racer, M9 barracuda, cable knit sweaters, chambray, OCBDs, linen shirts - hell even Brad Pitt wears a pair of Clark Desert Boots towards the end. Go watch..Edit: 
Oh man, I didn't really pay attention when I saw it, but that is some good stuff.
Drive
Ryan Gosling in Crazy, Stupid, Love had me 'mirin. 
Probably the movie in a lot of the 18 and up demographic that started their "stylistic journey". 
that came out right after i was getting into mfa pretty heavy. it was a pretty crazy movie to see through that changed perspective. i still think he looks great and that movie is actually really funny. i take a bit different approach on some things though now than i did at that time.
Check out Pacific Rim. It's a fun movie and there's a lot of that in it. 
I was . into Pentecost's wardrobe until I noticed how skinny his tie was and it drove me to distraction for the rest of the movie.
literally anything with ryan gosling in it. even lars and the real girl, although it wasnt as much of a "cool guy" style gosling usually has, it still had a nice different feel to it. lots of times i catch myself not even watching the movie and focusing on his wardrobe
i really like machete and hobo with a shotgun
as a calgary local for physical stores, i would say club Monaco in chinook, kixs in southcentre or crossiron, gravity pope on 17th, jcrew in Chinook, holt renfrew downtown and maybe harry rosen downtown (not my fave [harry], but good for niche brands).
Local Ottawa shop, but they sell online as well: ..
if you're in Vancouver, try Gap, H&M, Banana Republic, Club Monaco, Bay, Topman, J. Crew. 
H&M, The Bay, Get Outside..I'll check out Winners every once in a while for the thrill of the hunt.
If in Toronto - Tom's place, gotstyle, & Stollerys 
As Calgary goes I usually hit up chinook or occasionally the core. H & M is always decent as mentioned. Jcrew just opened up. Club Monaco and Scotch & Soda are nice as well but better shop the sales there. Harry Rosen (?) is in chinook as well, they carry some casual stuff as well as business and formal. Forever 21 is on the cheaper side as well.
ssence, holt renfrew
All these toronto stores are so expensive. I'm sad now...
Calgary - Understudy, Leo Boutique, the Gallery, Brooklyn Clothing and we just got a J. Crew!
J Crew is pretty big around here.  The first one in Calgary just opened this summer, so you should check it out.      
I think there's a Holt Renfrew in Calgary, they carry some nice stuff. They have sales regularly too.
Ottawa: NRML, NRML Select, Top of the World.Montreal: Off The Hook, SSENSE, Alibi Boutique, Ecole Militaire, Tate & Yoko, Simon's, L'Uomo.Toronto: Nomad, Haven, Adrift, Livestock, Gravity Pope, Uncle Otis, Jonathan + Olivia, Woodlawn, Lavish & Squalor
I usually shop online or from FMF, Canadian taxes are deadly and everything is overpriced up here :S
But when I do shop, Topman is my number one bet, as well as Zara.
The Bay sells Topman at some of their stores and online. It's good stuff!
Simon's, H&M, Gap, RW&Co..There's a Simon's in Alberta. Can't remember if Calgary or Edmonton.
Calgarian here, I like Harry Rosen in the Core (the one in chinook is small), Brooks Brothers, and Scotch and Soda in Chinook has great stuff too. All of those places are significantly more expensive than Target and H&M, but I find if you spend the extra cash the gear lasts longer. 
Montreal: Influence U (near Concordia University)
 - Probably the best place to buy Naked and Famous raw denim and clothing. They have the best selection in Calgary and a decent clearance selection at times. Lifetime Collective and Obey are also prominently featured. Definitely a streetwear lean. Great service.. - You can find APC, Reigning Champ and Norse Projects and N&F here. Great service.. - The have a great selection of heritage Red Wings you wont find anywhere else in Calgary. Great service from the knowledgeable clerks. Free shoelaces if you have Red Wings..Holt Renfrew - A good selection of both N&F and W+H. Insanely regular priced other brands which can make it a little intimidating. They can have good sales. I got a wings + horns sweater here for over 70% off..Hot Gossip in market mall also has a good selection of Naked & Famous. They also carry the cheaper raw denim brand Unbranded.
I've only been to Toronto once, but Roots is a pretty dope shop. 
If you're in Calgary, check out Brooklyn Clothing, they have some nice denim plus some other high end brands. 
There's also good stores in Kitsilano ((west 4th Ave) Ray Rickburn, Gravity Pope), Gastown (Livestock/Deadstock)
What is FMF? 
He's probably talking about . 
Where is the J Crew? Have you checked out the Calgary Targets yet? I wonder if they carry the same quality shirts I've heard people on this subreddit talk about. 
The J Crew is in Chinook Mall by Banana Republic and Club Monaco. Also we are getting a bunch of Topman Topshops in the fall, I went to the one in Vancouver and it is awesome.
So no Topman shops in Calgary until the fall? Where will the locations be, Do you know? 
There will be a Topman in Chinook centre, it's over by the Chapters and the Bay there.
i think there is a topman in the bay downtown. i work in the core, so i can confirm tomorrow if there is one or not. i know they have topshop womens stuff, but not sure about mens
There's one going into Chinook.

There's one in west Edmonton mall. Went there a few months ago. Cool place. 
As far as this kind of brand goes Brooks brothers is definitely the best thing Vancouver has
also look into the hills of Kerrisdale. It's out of the dt area, but it has some great stuff
Haven't been to Hills for ages.  In fact I forgot it existed hah!
Join the preferred customer list if you haven't. They have sales they don't advertise publicly. Like 25% off .. .Preferred customers will get an email, and the rest of the world will wonder where there's a line-up outside Nrml.
The sales associates at Harry Rosen are fucking obnoxious. I feel like a leper when I walk in there.
yeah, it's fucked up -- they just work there and they can only afford the clothes when it includes their staff discount. what's more fucked is that they are commission based so you would think they would go out of their way to assist you and make you feel comfortable. i only go there for fred perry stuff anyways.
 for denim.  Urban Outfitters has some nice stuff sometimes.  I do a lot of ship to Point Roberts.  Boys Co is OK for some stuff.  RW&CO is not bad as well.
Thanks for this, ill start hitting up the stores my next day off! 
Be warned these stores are on the higher end of what's available in Calgary. Don't be put off. This is the perfect time to go however because there are sales everywhere.
I am still collecting a '' basic wardrobe '' but it can't hurt to look. 
Shameless plug, but if you head to the Kixs in Crossiron, hit up Sully's. We carry a lot of skate/streetwear stuff and usually have a lot of sales going on.
Thanks and no worries about the plug, that's why I was asking. Ill head up there in the near future
Well you'll find plenty of really nice quality basics at these places, and consider getting on the raw denim train.
Fuck yes, Tate & Yoko. Reasonable shipping rates, informative webstore, and the brick & mortar location is pretty great.
It's low quality but some people dig the style.
Yes, downtown in TD Square. I work right beside and walk through fairly often, but find their sales to be basically worthless; overpriced fashion brands being slightly less overpriced.
Worst fucking staff ever though
I don't know what other Brooks brothers are like, but the one in TD square is an absolutely beautiful store. It's three floors with the top being suiting, middle been women's and kids, and the bottom floor being casual. They have extremely polite and knowledgeable staff, and I believe they'll let you ship stuff to there store to pick up which lets you get around the shipping and duty fees. I haven't tried it yet, but i plan to at some point.
THey often have sales in store and online too!
I've never heard of Get Outside, I will check it out. Thanks! 
It's a pretty good shoe store..ProTip: If you sign up for their online newsletter, you get 10% off in-store purchases.
The Holt Renfrew in Calgary also carries some BoO as well, plus i think they have a lot of it on sale.
Adding to the Toronto list:.Lost&Found (lots of good Americana type stuff - afaik the only place that sells Oak Street Bootmakers), Blue Button Shop (crazy japanese brands), Klaxon Howl (locally made workwear), Dutil (all the jeans you need), Woodlawn (small but some great stuff), Get Outside (if you need vans, they have them, also lots of Quoddy and Redwings), Future of Frances Watson, Philistine, North Standard (Parkdale!). 
I checked out a couple of the Calgary targets a week or so ago, I think one was the market mall one. Selection for mens clothes was pretty poor, I didn't see those mossimo shirts everyone raves about at all, and most of the stocked stuff was L/XL unfortunately. None of the merona blazers either unfortunately. Maybe it'll pick up a bit later or at the other locations
To add to this, a top shop is opening in Chinook and the bay downtown carries topman
I don't know anything about the reputation Topman has but I went I've went and strolled through the store a couple times and thought the vast majority of their stuff was atrocious.  .Do people actually like their stuff?
I have a pair of chinos from them that are awesome.  The quality is a bit higher than H&M but the prices are about the same.
NRML is great, but boy if they don't harass the shit out of you when they aren't busy. 
Top? Reallyis it not a skate store anymore?
Nah it is... but I like to shop there lol. Only place in Ottawa that has Raised by Wolves.
I live in the core so I will definitely check out the Harry Rosen. I have an itch to go shopping! 
As I discussed with another user above in this thread, Harry Rosen's sales associates at TD Square will make you feel extremely uncomfortable for having the audacity to set foot in their store. The Brooks Brothers on the other hand has great SA's, whereas Holt Renfrew can be hit or miss.
Gotstyle Toronto - downtown location.  Medium to higher end casual and suits.  
Extremely knowledgable staff. They helped me out with picking a great suit for my larger build and in the budget range I was looking.
Ill look for one in Calgary. I go to Toronto a few times a year, ill try to keep this in mind if Calgary doesn't have one. Thanks for the response! 
What budget do they accommodate, if you don't mind my asking?
I bought a suit from there for ~ $1200.  I'm sure they have cheaper and more expensive.  Don't expect to find cheap suits there though.
ssense, haven, four horsemen, inventory stockroom, gravity pope, neighbor
love four horsemen, victoria!
Add livestock to this and you've pretty much nailed it. Only one of those I haven't bought from is four horsemen
I'll throw in Lost & Found, Roden Gray, and Nomad,
uncle otis
 is also in the Yorkville area.
Holy shit they have some dope stuff
Are these all online or actual retail stores in the GTA?
What does GTA stand for?
Haven and Gravity Pope have stores in Toronto..The others are in Van or Mtl.
Some are, some aren't. .I know for sure that Haven has a local shop in TO. SSENSE is an online store with no local shops in the GTA that I know of..I'm sure a quick browse through the websites would give you an idea if/where they have local shops set up.
uvic alum -- love that shop. along with sitka and still life and outlooks
Greater Toronto Area.i.e. Toronto proper and nearby 'hoods.
Cheers
the non-iron shirts are nice, and so are chinos, as long as you go for their slimmest fits. knits can be OK or bad..I wouldn't pay full price for anything there.
I purchase clothes from Banana Republic because it is one of the few places that offer a . fit in the medium-tall size. That being said, the quality on Banana Republic clothes at full prices is not good. You're better off getting a . shirt at 3/$225 ($75 each) over one of Banana's $80 full priced dress shirts..However - at 40% off, BR is decent. If you sign up with your email, you'll receive 40% off coupon codes fairly regularly.  That $80 shirt is now a $48 shirt and a much better value for what you're getting..If you can afford more, go for something like Brooks Brothers. If you're looking to save a little money and have a . made item and have a 40% coupon - then go for it
Full price, you want to avoid most of their stuff. On sales, you'll be fine. I'd avoid their denim completely, and their jackets as well. I've had luck with sweaters on sale, and some button ups that look pretty good. 
It's one of those things that due to age-old gender roles, there is this belief that some people carry that woman are somehow more knowledgeable than men about style, and i'm not sure how true that is any more.
I found a typo. 'Finidings'
I think this point is made very well in the movie crazy, stupid, love. in the beginning, they show shots of peoples feet sitting at tables at a restaurant. most of the shoes are beautiful, until it cuts to steve carrells hideous new balance 407s. ive always believed shoes make or break a man in the fashion world. that, and of course, the fit of clothes, but i digress
I've read something similar to this before. It was along the lines of how women notice a man's shoes within 30 seconds of meeting him, and draw a lot of conclusions about his personality and lifestyle from his choice in shoes, and a for a relatively significant portion of women, whether consciously or subconsciously, your shoes can be a make or break factor.

If any girl I was dating did that, we wouldn't be dating anymore..These sorts of articles get posted quite a bit. Most guys are not interested or aware of fashion so it isn't surprising. Women pay attention to guys' shoes. I'm not surprised..I have specifically talked to a girl at a bar bc I like her fashion choices. I have specifically not talked to a girl bc of her terrible shoes. 
To be fair, you're probably not in the category of guys that have shoes that deserve being thrown out.
aww shucks. thanks.
I feel like this means the . thing to us (fashion-invested dudes) than it does to other men. That is, that those women threw out their mens' shoes because they only had some godawful pair of ratty old athletic sneakers and she wanted him to get something nice. Obviously if a woman threw out my wingtips we'd probably end up in small claims court.
hey, you should look at . also Tres Bien, Armor Lux, SNS Herning for sweaters, APC has some cool stuff..EDIT: also I'm selling a Levante 10 for 39.00+shipping size S
Scotch & Soda is a Dutch brand that does a lot with nautical stripes in their shirts. I got a . shirt from them that I really like. 
 wrote an . on Breton stripes and linked an articel from . about them and buying guides
I have a pull ring from a frag grenade from when I was in the Army which is pretty cool..I try to avoid having tons of keys on my rings; I just like to keep everything slim and sleek.  If I didn't have the frag pull ring I would just use a regular ring with only the few keys that I really need to use.
 is my current setup. The multitool is the .. 
i just use my crappy school one, but i know tanner goods, makr, and corter leather among others makes some
Fossil, Makr, most leather places have some variant of leather keychain. I keep my keys minimalist, (Fob, car key, house key)
I have one of these: .I think it serves me well.
There's no reason why you should try to match her dress with your tie/pocket square/shirt/etc/etc..This isn't a prom and you're not both in the wedding party (and even doing that is pretty tacky IMO)..As long as you're both dressed to the same level (nice suit and elegant dress, not a tuxedo and a mini-dress), it doesn't matter..If you're (or she) are still persistent about this, choose a complementary color instead. For example, a jade/green dress would pair well with a orange or red/orange tie.
don't match her..a nice grenadine would look very nice, or you could get a tiny bit louder with like an understated pattern/floral. judging from the dress the wedding doesn't look terribly formal
Jacket fits great perfect in the shoulders only needs the sleeves taken up and waist suppressed.    Pants need hemming and ironing, I think takening in the seat would work too. .As for shirt and tie what about pink shirt with navy tie?  I think the belt is fine as is.  .Your posture is a problem you have an anterior pelvic tilt I believe.  Other than that its looks great!
I love the ludlow cut, I'm actually wearing one right now.  One think to remember is that when you wear a two button suit jacket, you should . leave the bottom button undone.  It's clasped in your first picture, which isn't how it would be normally worn.  .The shoulders of the suit look great.  I think the sleeves of the jacket could be hemmed a very small bit.  Jacket length is dead on.  I don't think I would do any waist suppression, as I'm seeing indications that the top button is going to start pulling considerably if anything is taken in.  I think you're in the same boat as me, you're a true size 39R and J. Crew is one of the few places that actually makes the size. .The pants are more problematic. They're rather baggy, and definitely way too long.  You're right that they need to be taken in around top block.   They certainly need hemming, which should be done without making a cuff. Past that, I'd ask the tailor what he thinks.  .As for shirt/tie, there's really two schools of thought with those.  If you like color, a light purple dress shirt together with a darker tie can work.  ..  Otherwise, you can keep the suit mono-chromatic with a ..  Black acts as a contrast color to that light of grey believe it or not.   If you go with the monochromatic look, switch up your shoes and belt to black.  Either way a crisp white pocket square will probably be your best bet.  .Since the suit is cotton, it would be smart to get it pressed right before the wedding.  
j crew has trunks in several lengths. i feel like swim trunks should be shorter than your normal shorts or else you'll end up with funky tan lines after your beach trip. 5 to 7 inch is the sweet spot for me.

I just got a pair of black Oakley Holbrook and they are nice. They look the same as RayBans Wayfarers but feel different when wearing.
Hello there,.I am unsure as to what your budget is like but having recently been in the market for a pair I sunglasses I can offer 3 pieces of advice:.1) I cannot stress enough how important it is to try on sunglasses at a shop. If you are happy ordering off the Internet w/free returns etc. then that's awesome it's just for me, personally, I found it a lot less hassle. .2) Shop around. Especially with summer sales now on and most sunglasses from Luxottica brands having greatly inflated RRP's you can normally find some good deals this time of year..3) I ended up settling on a pair I Persol 649's 24/57. They are polarised and honestly, they are the best sunglasses I have ever owned. They are weighty but that gives the impression of quality. I picked them up for ~200. RRP 240. Again I don't know what your budget is but I believe they suit the criteria you require and thoroughly encourage you at least give them a look..Take all of this advice with a pinch of salt, it's my two cents at the em of the day..I hope this can be of some help.
white might actually be a bit too heavily contrasting. i feel like a light blue oxford would be much easier with red pants..if you want to pull off loud pants, then just look to classic prep style for inspiration. it's something i use to do a lot of in college but almost never touch anymore - it looks great though if you're into that style. .loafers, a surcingle belt, and a polo or oxford typically in a more subtle tone (white, grey, light blue, navy, possibly pastels)
I have combed through the guides here a hundred times, I liked unabashedlyprep. So would a blue like . be a suitably subtle tone for the orange and pink pants?  Also may I ask why you abandon the style in your mid twenties? Big thanks for the insight. My goal is basically to just have a little more color since khakis, navy, and jeans get so dull after a while.
The problem is that you have yet to understand the difference between fashion and style..When you truly understand style, expect to get a lot of downvotes here, because most of the folks here only know fashion, nor had they any experience with how or why fashion changes.
Want to explain the difference?
Style is unique to yourself, fashion is basically wearing what is trendy..Style kind of thinks more outside the box, and someone who has their own style would always dress a certain way, you know? They create a wardrobe and just stick with it. Don Johnson wearing suit jackets with silky t-shirts on Miami Vice is his own style. It was at one point fashionable But it certainly wouldn't be fashionable today. Or say, a girl with a distinctive bob haircut, something different that automatically identifies them. You dig?.Someone who's into fashion is always into the latest designs, the hottest brands, and the newest combinations, but it does not necessarily reflect themselves..Therefore someone can easily fall out of fashion, as, like everything else in pop culture, is a phase.
Well I have stopped caring about looking a certain way like the MFA look, I more so understand how to make anything look good. So I have begun to dress less and less like the MFA uniform, and begun buying more flannels, graphics Ts, and generally more chill looking clothing for a college kid. I understand how I should get clothing to fit, and even then I disregard it sometimes based on how I want something to look..Like on Tuesday I bought an American Apparel flannel, a Uniqlo pocket T, and a national geographic graphic T of an Elephant. Fuck wearing OCBDs and looking like a drone who was dressed like the internet, taking their advice on sales and fit is worth it's two cents though.
wow, I'm pretty sure you haven't been here long.  If OCBD's aren't your style thats fine and MFA won't normally suggest wearing one unless your wearing something like a graphic tee with AE strands, or a dress shirt and jeans.  MFA does not have "uniform" if your clothing fit and its your style we will likely be ok with it.
I started reading MFA over a year ago, and initially thought I should get better fits. MFA is much more of a uniform kind of site now than it was a year ago, and it is disappointing I used I be much more active in the daily advice given to people. The quality of the sub has 'increased' in one sense by going text only to eliminate all of the circle jerk pictures that were posted. But also dropped in diversity since the pictures did occasionally show ways to dress outside of the OCBD..I just don't find MFA to be a good sub for college aged guys like myself, and living in SF I really only experience Fall and a windy summer so much of the seasonal changes are irrelevant.
Huh? MFA is way more diverse than it used to be. Hardly anyone goes for the business casual and shit like Rick Owens is in every WAYWT these days. People go for all kinds of interesting styles. British country, goth ninja, streetwear, you name it man. You're currently talking to two colleges guys, trust us, there's plenty of excellent advice if you wanna keep it young and casual. It was practically a cliche last winter to hear people talking about moving away from biz cas and OCBDs for other stuff. 
If anything we have moved away from biz cas just look at the waywt from last year to this year.  
It's one of those things where you realize that, although you understand fit, color coordination and appropriate-ness, you have no money to sink into it. Not much pointing in "following fashion" when you can't afford any of it haha. That's my problem, at least. 
I wouldn't say money is a big issue in what i'm talking about here. You don't have to spend a lot to have well-fitting clothes that look good. Take a look at Uniqlo. You could literally buy an entire wardrobe of basic tees and jeans online and probably pay less money than the average guy who doesn't care, . still look good. Same goes for JCP, H&M and a bunch of other stores. 
My foray into fashion has come to a pause. But then I'm that way with everything. I get super into something as a hobby and then I move along to something else. Cocktails, music, etc. But now I have some nice clothes so hey that's cool.
I do it sometimes. .I'll be all "hey I want to look good" then a few months later "eh no one cares how I look why should I?".My wardrobe ends up middling out, looking decent but not totally amazing
I've gotten to the point where I look pretty damn good and I don't see a real need to keep on trying new things.  However, I'll never revert back to poor fitting jeans and baggy T-shirts ever again.
I agree completely.  When you start out, you obsess over it & how everything looks.  After a while, its just kind of in the back of your mind and becomes a natural thing 
No, I am always pushing my fashion limits. 
I can tell you with 100% certainty that I don't give a fuck anymore
I've regressed back to wearing Adidas Soccer Pants and Uniqulo Airism V-necks with white chucks lately. It's comfy as fuck, and despite it hardly being fashionable, people always tell me I got a good look going. dunno
I thought I was the only one who really dug adidas stuff
What's up RHET brah haha
HAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH what's up mark
LOLOLOLOLOLOL not much man just shootin the shit like yooge
there was a week once where I was like "man this stuff doesn't even matter it's just a dumb hobby fad I'm spending too much money on" (which is all true).what a week
I'm pretty sure most people do. I have
Even if they believe they no longer care, any purchase they make in the future will take into account the basics like fit and color combination.
I've stepped back from fashion the more I've gotten in competitive shooting. Can't focus 100% on both, too expensive. .So whereas before I'd buy new clothes monthly, now I just buy stuff once and a while. 
I could see plenty of people who just figure out the basics like fit and color coordination and stuff and just stop there without pushing forward permanantly.
This is me. I have all my basics pretty much down. I'm just looking to fill some holes and I'll be done for quite awhile. Or at least until all my shit needs to be replaced because it's been worn to threads.
it's certainly possible that someone might lose interest in clothing, since it is a hobby after all.  .A lot of times, people (including myself), become "content" with their wardrobe, or work towards contentedness.  what this means to me is developing a wardrobe in which i can create an outfit without the effort of worrying whether the color works or if the fit is good.  the ideal for this sort of mindset is something along the lines of the "."..however, i think you're right in terms of gaining knowledge.  Learning about fashion has helped me improve my aesthetic sense, and i better understand how clothes can work to make me look good.
I agree with this: I think that when you're "actively" into clothes, you get the inclination to try new things and the drive to take chances, and that ends up taking up a lot of the time you spend on clothes once you build a wardrobe..I think it'd be pretty easy to back down into a simple wardrobe of dark jeans, OCBDs and CDBs (or the equivalent for whatever one's style happens to be) that fit well, to the point where you'd look basically as good as you do most of the time now, but potentially with significantly less time being spent thinking about and shopping for the clothes you wear. 
I've built a wardrobe that consists of pretty much what you've said. I like fashion, but I just don't have the money for it. Between going out with friends, the gym, and my motorcycle I just don't have the bank roll for it..I'm happy with like 6 tailored shirts, a pair of grey wool pants, a ton of short shorts, a pair of chinos, and a pair of raws.
just look at 
he's amazing though
i agree
about five minutes of hearing his insight and you would realize that he most definitely does care and probably understands much of it more than anyone on here to be honest.now the way he might dress...
idk i remember him saying something like "i really just wear anything i want to see what my friends will let me get away with before saying something" like his fuck sweater and how nobody noticed it for like the first 5 times he wore it and stuff like that.aww yiss run on sentences
Sort of. I started getting into fashion, but i never was happy with what i ended up with..I realized it was because i was unhappy with my body, not my clothes. So instead of spending time and money on fashion, i spend it at the gym..For the most part, i'm happy when i look in the mirror, even in shorts and a tank top.
I look best in shorts and a tank, though. pls dont go summer
I totally agree with this.  I've seen alot of people dress better to compensate for this, including myself.  And while upgrading my wardrobe is definitely self improvement I've realized that to be completely satisfied I need to better myself through fitness.  As a result, I've put clothes on the backburner and moved my priority over to getting in shape.
Yes. Staying up to date on fashion generally means excess free time and excess spending money, so whenever one or the other dries up (usually due to marriage, kids, career, etc), keeping current on fashion is usually pretty quick to go and guys usually stop updating their wardrobe (which is why you see so many guys still in pleated pants, square toed tassel loafers, etc.).Jerry Seinfeld said it best, "All fathers essentially dress in the clothing style of the last good year of their lives.
No offense to Jerry Seinfeld but that's not funny or accurate.
Not many parents here obviously.  Keep those downvotes coming ;)
I think that once you understand the basics of fit and colour coordination that they won't go away, and you will always take them into consideration in the future. I think that you could be fine with those "skills" and stay at a certain point of just wearing basics and not trying anything new or adventurous, though.
But fashion changes. So if I were to completely disregard fashion after today, I'd end up as an unfashionable old man.
It's also cyclical, so in another 30 years you could be fashionable again. Regardless of that, though, I think once you have the knowledge of proper fitting clothing and colour coordination it will be like second nature. 
Ebay.
damn, I really don't like any of those colorways
This link to the picture of Middle Eastern influences is dead. 
I really liked your guides and it really opened my eyes for the style, thanks!.Something I think should be added is how goth ninja can be incorporated into casual outfits that aren't pushing the style in every sense but still focus on minimalism and silhouette, like this from Top of WAYWT June: 
I added some links and descriptions of "street goth" which is kind of the aesthetic you see with Triggerdiscipline, Azurewrath, majhacks (potatoecam) and me. 
"gothninja exists as a subculture only because it impresses losers that grew up watching video games and jerking off to children's anime. it looks cool and edgy to them..when gothninjas post a photo on the internet, they are in control over the lighting, composition, and content of this photo. they can emulate an aesthetic seen so many times growing up in comic books/video games/movies etc. for this reason, gothninja pictures look cool and edgy to the weak, pale geeks of the world when they come to sufu, or 4chan, or stylezeitgeist, or pinterest, or thefedoralounge..when you take them outside this frame of reference, and capture someone trying to posture as "gothninja" while walking down santa monica boulevard with a slice of pizza in their hand, it becomes very obvious how pathetic their charade is. they lose control of their aesthetic in the real world and it's sad to behold. so instead they avoid being seen eating pizza, and try to slink around in the shadows smoking cigarettes, sending their mom to buy groceries so as not to be seen with luncheon meats in their hand. they avoid going to the beach because they know it's impossible to perpetuate their carefully crafted image there..i said "grow up" because i want people to realize that they do not live in a video game, they cannot control the aesthetic of the real world they interact with, and they look silly when they try desperately to change their actions and demeanor to look cool. .it's like a symphony of spaghetti, and it makes me cringe."

I thought of this when I saw that photo that got posted around of like the group of four or five dudes dressed in full rick or whatever during fashion week. they looked out of their element.
nvm, though you wrote this.
now somebody refute this in some long cool verbal smackdown and we can make that into a delicious pasta as well
I started to re-do the marine copypasta to post, but that thing is long. 
Wow..What's wrong with stylistic expression? It's certainly not at odds with "the real world"  nor is it necessarily about looking cool. Goth ninja is an aesthetic use of clothing, same as any other..What disturbs me is your entire criticism of this style is nothing more than a character attack on members of its subculture. A character attack with nothing to stand on, I should add..What's more, you believe wearing clothing is an attempt to control the "real world." Maybe it's just an attempt to find beauty in it?.Do you think you look cool?
im gonna take a pic with a pizza slice in hand sometime soon
It's copypasta man
lol source?
/fa/, I just googled "gothninja exists as a subculture " though
add quotes next time so people aren't confused
Edited
[deleted]
lol
Post pic pls
[deleted]
This is really great of you, but I feel like a dick because it's copypasta. 
Play the hand you are goddamn dealt.  If you weren't born a nobleman in Bavaria in the thirteen hundreds, armor probably is not in the cards for you.  Similarly, if you work in Southern Florida as a wastewater technician, dressing like you are on a mission to liberate Commander Zebox-12 from spacejail will just make you look like a fuckface..Also, the crotch of most of those pants hangs too low, makes you look like a graveyard slumming Justin Bieber.  At least he has an excuse for dressing that way, he's seventeen and on cocaine.
I cringe every time I have to utter or type the words "goth ninja". If you dudes want to be taken seriously you should really start using a new term. Street goth, or maybe just goth seems better, but if you refer to yourself as any type of ninja then I have to think you're a dork.
Nobody embraces the term. People on reddit were using the term so I decided to appropriate it in a tongue-in-cheek way. I added a paragraph in part II that discusses different terms that are used:street goth, avast garde, etc. (edit: avant garde, arr me iPhone...)
Yeah but other places like Complex have tried to attribute "street goth" to people like ASAP Rocky and many other rappers who try to mix streetwear with goth ninja Rick Owens dick riding ect.
I really don't understand the problem with calling it gothninja. It's dorky, but I think it works.
rick isn't gn
Prep ninja?
I would love to see prep ninja.
emo samurai 

Nobody who actually dresses like that takes the term seriously. It's a joke term.
Probably for sz people but it's caught on and a lot of people appear to be taking the term itself at least semi-seriously..Not to shit on this person or anything but that thread and its comments kind of emphasizes tpaine's point imo..Then again it's probably just reddit in which case no one who really wears the aesthetic cares what reddit thinks
Well, no designer is actually gn.  They just produce some pieces that can be utilized in the gn aesthetic(which is also broad as fuck), and I think Rick falls in that category.
of course, gn is just a label we put on designers. I can, however, think of a few designers that fit the aesthetic pretty well and could be called "gn" designers. eg. carol christian poell and boris bidjan saberi, but rick clearly doesnt fit into the mould
I'm saying that I don't think it's a label that is put on designers, but rather the label for an aesthetic created from typically designer clothing.  BBS is probably the closest to a gn designer because of his middle eastern militant looks, but I don't think CCP is gn at all.  His stuff is simply dark and artisinal.  Rick is primarily sportswear but a lot of gn looks are made using his pieces because his shirts drape well and his leathers like the molino, intarsia, and globos are very similar to MA+, BBS and Julius' offerings.
rick looks like you're wearing nike and is for poor people while being relatively mass produced. .it's gn in the same way a uniqlo blazer could be used in a menswear outfit. 
joking about things being "for poor people" especially sneakers that cost $1200 is classist and stupid, fuck outta here
compared to other brands like bbs, ccp, ma+ and luc, rick is bargain basement. .on sale the tees are like our legacy/acne/t wang price. can't say the same about the others. 
i understand that, but there's a difference between "this designer is for poor people" and "this designer is lower-priced than its competitors (for lack of a better word)".rick still exists in a realm that is far out of reach of 95% of people buying clothes, no matter how the internet might make it seem. i get your greater point and appreciate the uniqlo comparison, but i really can't stand this  internet fashion community posturing wrt the cost of clothing and "plebs"

It's silly to compare one item from one brand on sale to the full price of another brand to call it cheap.  MA+, BBS, and LUC are still in the same price range as rick when stores like H.Lorenzo have their seasonal sales.  CCP is in a different ballpark, but only by about 2k, and for those already willing to drop 3-4k, I doubt 2k makes a difference.

gn is a look, not a pricetag, and you're failing to see my point that it's about individual pieces coming together to create an aesthetic rather than an all encompassing description of a designer.  A designer is dubbed as gn by the internet when many of their individual pieces can be used to establish the gn aesthetic, even if their collections do not reflect that..Also, MA+, Rick, BBS, Julius, Sellam, are all in the same price range at around 3-4k per leather.  Mass production doesn't make it "for poor people" if the prices stayed the same, nor does it change it's applicability to an aesthetic.  Your analogy is awful.
seems like people forget this all the damn time.
Only the destitute wear Richard Owens 
gn is most certainly a look, but when you start putting rick into the mix bar like 5 stock pieces it becomes a different look.  .in the same way there are pieces of uniqlo which can be modelled into different aesthetics but that does not make uniqlo a techninja/workwear/menswear/heroinchic brand because u bought a airsim tee 2 sizes up and sized down 4 times on your t000. you might as well say ann D and yhoji are goth ninja while you're there because they can be modelled the same way 
I feel like gn is a really broad style defined by internet users to describe fit pics (since you rarely see it in campaigns or model shoots) that portray the gn aesthetic, so gn labels apply to brands and designers whose pieces consistently show up in gn fits. Rick is very prominent in gn fits even though it's almost the same five pieces that show up in them, along with pieces from LUC, Lumen et Umbra, MA+, CCP, etc.  If you start adding more of any piece from those designers, the style starts to stray from gn as well because no label designs with the gn aesthetic in mind, but we still consider it gn because a few of their pieces keep showing up in a lot of gn fits.  Uniqlo doesn't count as techwear/workwear/menswear/heroinchic because it lacks the consistency in those aesthetics, while rick shows up in a substantial amount of gn fits (even if its only his Tees).  .In the end, all of this is subjective because gn is an aesthetic created from the combined effort of 203940324234 internet users, but I hope I did a decent job explaining my perspective.
yeah ok
Uh, this is wrong bro. Literally just elitist garbage. RO has more production but that doesn't mean he's bargain bin or not really one of the most important designers and denigrating him be saying it's 'sportswear' is sort of disingenuous. 
it's a badly worded comment on my part, .rick is cheaper than the other competitors and in my view is used as a stand in, especially as the tees (as mentioned below) preform the same purpose for cheaper..mass production holds a factor as many deep into the aesthetic or spending the large sums of cash are looking for a more intimate relationship with the designer, many smaller brands offering fittings, bespoke ect. it also limits the feedback customers in general can give, massive complaints about ricks experimentation/material use dropping off the map the larger he grows compared to when he was small. this is present to the same extent in smaller brands in the same 'group'. .i like rick, i own some but i don't think he's anything special. he does what he does very well, but i think his stuff looks wank when paired with 'gn' as there are better options from other brands.  
goth-shinobi desu
Desu-baka*
you can always have a tailor taper them or just pinroll it. 
Gap Lived in Khakis might work. They have a slim version and a skinny version though the skinny is only available online. I'm actually in the same boat though I found H&M chinos to not have enough taper. The Gap Slim khakis for well for me but again, not quite enough taper but if H&M worked for you, Gap should as well. 
Yes, the Gap Lived-in Slim Khaki will probably suit your needs.  I have a couple pairs and really like them especially because they come short enough that I can get away without having them hemmed (online only in shortest sizes, but good enough)..EDIT: Sad to say it looks like some sizes already no longer available online in some colors, so it may be end-of-season for these...
All three of these are on my list to purchase ..
Don't do it. It looks affected. What you have right now is fine if you just trim the stubble along your neck.
Can?  Yes.
Should?  No.
It's not the 90's anymore. Let it go.
There's plenty of other beard styles you can try.
Ok thanks for the reply. What do you mean affected?
Try-hard, and out of place. Like it was done to draw attention to itself, rather than to look nice.
Wish I could rock a sidearm like that. 
Love the look. They should have called this 'Sikh and Destroy' though.
The guy with the beard and turban has a few cool fits.
Selvedge looks like . as opposed to .. It's pretty easy to tell which one your jeans are.
I think he meant to ask if they are raw.
I recently learned these are two different things. raw means no pre-wash and no chemical treatment, whereas selvedge refers to the way the cloth is weaved.
It's possible. I guess raw usually correlates with selvedge, but . and . jeans do exist. Regardless, 
Quick question: will all unwashed jeans fade, or can jeans be unwashed yet treated in some way that inhibits fading?.I bought P&B slim jeans which are "unwashed" (mainly because they are currently mighty cheap, like $18 down from $74, and selvedge, and made of organic cotton). Anyway, I'll find out in some time. 
I think there are some special treatments that prevent it (check . out) but they are relatively rare. 
I don't see any difference there other than the stitching on the inseam..Edit: I'm asking what the difference is, not criticizing.
that . the difference. 
Ok, just making sure I wasn't missing something. Thanks
Another difference to notice the stitching on the hem. The selvedge pair has a chain stitch while the second pair has a typical lockstitch. . 
Is that characteristic of selvedge, or is it just on this particular pair?
It's just on this particular pair. .Many higher-end jeans (at least the ones that we like here) are raw, selvedge, and chain-stitched. But I've seen jeans with every possible combination. Like, I just bought a pair of Levi's 511s that is neither raw nor selvedge (I think .) that have a chainstitched hem. APC New Cures are the exact opposite because they are raw and selvedge but come with lockstitched hems. .PS. Mods, please don't ban me for buying washed denim.
Ok it's def the first example. Ill try to find a pic. 
Generally a good rule to stick to is your tie should always be darker than your shirt. In this case, that doesn't really apply since it is a white tie. The only combo I can think of that would look decent would be a yellow shirt, and just a solid navy suit. If that doesn't work for you try and return the tie for something navy based which will be a hell of a lot more versatile. 
some places have already started releasing their fall stuff. some will over the next few weeks
Lots of places are already getting fw 13 stock in. 
I'm a crappy sewer, but I've thought about making ties before. Mind if I ask: How difficult is it? Did you follow any instructions? What kind of fabric, and where did you get it?
I haven't started actually making the ties yet; I'm waiting until after I finish my Master's thesis before starting full-on.  I was really just curious.
You might want to consider the canvas depending on where you live and what they look like.  The canvas breathes better, which keeps your feet cooler in the summer, and some of the canvas styles are pretty slick.  Then again, some of the canvas styles are really boring too.  It's all about the pair you're considering.
I'll be wearing them most often in the fall/winter/spring, and I live in VA, which seems to have intermediate weather.  Thanks for your opinion!
In that case, I'd probably go with the leather.
leather
That's what I was thinking, but could you tell me why?
lasts longer, looks better imo, and especially if its only $10
the leather ones don't age v well, they flake apart w/ wear
No. 
Of course it's possible, but what's ironic is that most people (like myself) go the opposite. Streetwear -> Minimalistic/Americana/Prep..You'll have better luck at . or Hypebeast.com.
Why not? You need to elaborate..Fashion's three rules are fit, fit, and fit.  As long as it's tasteful and fits, I don't see how it's not possible. .I mean, I'm not gonna wear pink leopard print pants like Lil Wayne did.
It's a ridiculous, immature look. It is physically impossible for you to look mature while wearing it. It is also physically impossible for you not to look like a total douchenozzle while wearing it.
This is an idiotic statement, it was true until you decided to use the word douchenozzle
Sorry, would you have preferred "fucktard"?
Let's just trash on a whole subculture we have no knowledge on -you
A subculture full of dipshits who dress like clowns.
i can't hear you over the ticking of your timex weekender
Mainstream swag and hypebeast swag are two different things.this is a stupid question, you're giving us nothing to work with and this is a stuoid questik  in the first place. if you want to, just do it, i can't understamd why you'd even need to ask for permission.just research and do what you want
Good to know that MFA is as welcoming to beginners as they claim..I obviously have no idea what the hell I'm doing, which is why I'm asking if it's even possible..Like this statement. This is news to me. I thought 'swag' was just branded clothing and Nikes. Hence my example of 'Jordans, raw denim, and branded clothes.'.I guess I should've just posted about Clarks, Henley backpacks, and OCBDs.
These two comments are just the regular ass hats who prey on threads. I don't have any advice, because I don't have any experience with streetwear though I've never liked the look of it. It's looks really immature. But other than that, I can't say anything. Hopefully someone can answer your question!
this dude's an og mfa troll from a year or two back, you're getting your leg pulled
Well fuck
Nah don't believe him. I just made controversial topics that got people discussing some shit and I got branded as a troll. I don't even go to this place unless I'm really bored-- from most of the responses, you can see why. Thanks for all the help.
There's a guide to streetwear in the sidebar.  Also, he's just saying that you should just do whatever you want.  You don't need any of our damn approvals.  If you want a 'streetwear' look then just go buy yourself some raws and Jordans.  You already posted saying that fit is king which is true.  If you want us to judge you, just post on the WAYWT or OF/FC threads and we'll give you advice.  No need for us to give you permission to try out streetwear....
Good lord, MFA. I'm only asking if it's possible to pull off as a 22 year old! If I walked in here and asked 'Hey guys is would this outfit consisting of Express slim button downs, Levi 511s, and AEs make me look older?' I'm sure I would hit front page. Likewise, if I said, 'Would this lime green suit and kitchen staff shoes be good enough for a formal occasion?' the majority of answers would be 'no'..I'm not asking for approval-- I'm asking if it's possible to pull off without looking like a kid. Come on, now. 
You can pull off streetwear until you turn 29. At that age all of your clothes will disintegrate off your body..There you have my permission.
Lol gotta love the troll label here. Piss people off once and you're a troll, I guess.
sorry, i rescind the troll remark. I believe you when you say you asked this question about streetwear in good faith with the attitude 
Stop being so oversensitive. You seem like the kind of person who whines about everything.
lmao
Rofl
rofl
:P
ll
lol
xD
sorry that i helped him out without sugar coating it.meanwhile you're contributing by calling me an asshat with no actual reason?
You really didn't.
Sorry i gave him the biggest streetwear resource on the web while supplying him with some neccesary brand information
Because you're calling his questions stupid and not supplying any reasoning for why they are! They're perfectly fine questions, they follow the guidelines and he's asking for fashion ..
It's a stupid question because to properly answer a question that's extremely personal (can i pull this off without looking childish) you need to know the op's height, facial strucutre, race, and his physical build amd he provided nothing but useless background info. there's also the problem that the term 'mature' is extremely fucking broad.i don't get who is more of an asshat. you are making ill-informed personal direct attacks on me and the harshest thing i said is that his question is stupid which is by no means a direct attack about his appearance or personality.i don't get where you are getting that i prey on threads but what the fuck have you contributed other than the need to make a post just to fucking make a post. you've contributed nothing yet you're telling me how to give advice?
Lol, I think you've hit the same point I did when I unsubscribed from this place. MFA can really get infuriating. Thanks for all the help bro
Listen, if you want to learn genuine streetwear mfa is not the place for you. We can still answer specific questions and critique fitts but if you really want to learn properly and not look like a mall-tier swagfag go to hypebeast..As a starter look into popular streetwear brands such as stussy, huf, 10deep, supreme. Look at the current trends (Ye x APC, baseball jerseys, black/red jordan aj1's, pinrolling) Many people into streetwear also fuck with Rick Owens, Givenchy, and other designer collections. More popular brands would be apc, nudie, etc. Avoid brands like obey and diamond supply..Uniqlo is a good place to start to stock up on basics.
It turns out MFA has a specific style. I recommend the mods rename this sub as /r/CLARKSOCBDSALLENEDMONDSadvice..THANK YOU. See, this is the kind of shit that MFA should be known for-- versatility. Not that kind of shit you posted above this paragraph..But foreal, thanks, that pointed me to the right direction.
mfa is perfectly fine for streetwear, but extended reading is recommended for all styles/aesthetics. there is some good advice above..as for and outfit to wear while you read up and 'learn'.go out and buy some unbranded 201's (looser cut longer inseem mad stax nameen).then head over to footlocker and buy some af1's (low or or high in white).once you're done go buy some tees, carhart, apc, norse, all examples of toned down designs .then you want to head to somewhere like ebbets/ supreme/ norse and buy a hat.if you buy that list and know the basic "don't by gaudy shit" rules you'll look cool. have fun 
dude, actually read the sub and not just the sidebar, people don't even discuss this shit anymore
then get a tnf goretex amirite maj
goretex = moresex 
more like goretex=poorsex
MFA is extremely helpful to people who can remain calm and friendly with criticism (or in this case, the occasional asshole poster who in no way is representative of even a fraction of the sub).Your post are pretty harsh and defensive at the slightest "unhelpful" comments, which makes others hesitant to throw their hat in and help out..Also, as zayg pointed out, MFA seriously hasn't even done the Clarks circlejerk thing in like a year..Post a pic of yourself and some outfits you were thinking of trying, it's much easier to help out with a visual than without knowing anything about you.
Well this does go against the MFA uniform but so be it. I'm not sure if they still sell them, but target and Kohl's have sold decent fitting inexpensive vintage tees in years past. You may check Urban Outfitters for expensive ones with "cooler" graphics, IMHO.
Freudian? How?
There is no need to wear something that revealing unless you are a sports swimmer. They have no pockets. And modesty is still a virtue for many in this country. 
No thanks.
Pianomasturbation thinks: "what the fuck".
What he said.  Minus the masturbation.  And the piano.

That makes me think of Logan's Run. 
Ditto. Well.. minus the piano at least.
k.
I think this guy's username.
Is it an invisible robe? I see a man wearing a dress.
You're extremely unlikely to find trousers that match acceptably other than the ones that are meant to be paired with the jacket..tl;dr: no
I've found that I like getting longer shorts and cuffing them more than I like getting shorts that are sufficiently short to begin with. The roll on those is pretty bad, though, in addition to the shorts being fairly garish all on their own.
Right-o, cheers
Noone needs to see your kneecaps 
No problem!
you haven't been here long have you?
yup, definitely. looks good man.
Those shorts have a pretty ugly plaid on them. Do you have anything else?
Thanks, maybe... :-P
 are what I got to work with. The three to the left are swim shorts. Not much, I know. I think the picture is slightly orange, the middle ones main color is white. The gray ones are the same size as those in my OP
Sorry but those are pretty bad. You should check out the . as well as the rest of the sidebar. It's by no means the be-all-end-all of how to wear shorts but it is a good starting point.  
Yeah, I kinda expected you'd say that. Thanks, tho!
no not with that pattern 
Gotcha
I love the idea of them, but don't see the point of paying 50+ for just a name and alright to decent quality pair of shorts.
Having said that, does anyone know a more frugal alternative to chubbies?
Overpriced bro clothes.
I like that it takes shorter inseams more into the mainstream. Some of the designs are a little too obnoxious for me.
I hated them...until I got legs to fill them out..Board shorts barely fit me anymore, I have no choice if I'm gonna keep these legs cultivated from dead lifts and squats. 
Junk.
they're pretty chill, bro
Hate them for myself. Wouldn't think anything if it on others though. 
probably gonna get mixed reviews since Reddit likes to think they're above "Frat life" But I love the shorts and am not in a fraternity. They're expensive,  But they (claim to be) 100% made in the USA and they often come with little extras like sun glasses to match the shorts, or a coozie, or a tank top. I wear them to BBQ's and tailgates (they have special shorts for my university) But my roommate has worn them casually with polos, and he wears them golfing. 
I like them. I don't want to like them, but I do.
Extremely comfortable and ladies love the balls it takes to wear shorts that bare that much thigh..And of course, the best part about them is, if they get messed up (in any way whatsoever including ripping, staining, etc.) or just want a different pair, just put them in the box and send them back for an exchange. It's literally the Netflix of shorts.
i think they are tacky 
Am I the only one who actually likes baggier shorts?  I think slim shorts look too dorky for me.
I've seen a lot of guys pull them off really well. I love the idea of them, and as a lot of people have mentioned, they're extremely comfortable. As someone involved in the Greek community I can definitely confirm that they're huge for Greeks. Unfortunately I'm 6"1 and extremely skinny so Chubbies aren't quite for me, but they look great. 
Oh hey, you're basically me. Glad to see other Greeks on reddit.
ea reppin'
Wooho! Haha
 what whaaaat 
Delta Sigma Phi, sup.
Not really a fan of the elastic waistband or the fabric, but it's hard to find shorter shorts in as many colors/patterns as they offer. I think bonobos stopped offering their B's knees in 5" (I have a couple pairs of their 7" shorts), which would have been my suggestion; on sale they're a good buy. I know patagonia stand ups have a 5" inseam but I'm not familiar with any others.  
I like the J Crew Stanton 5'' better
My opinion? Never skip a leg day.
The only chubbies I can honestly say I like are the 'mericas, just because of how over the top they are. I am in a fraternity so we love them. But the only ones I could spend that money on are the 'mericas, and it really is only for the design. Those are fun to wear.
$60 for glorified boxer shorts? Pass
In the fraternity world we refer to people who wear Chubbies as "try-hards."
They call their inseam a 'chubseam'.That's p cool.Don't own any doe, skip leg day too much for that.
I have a pair, I am/was a frat guy, I do squatz. I much prefer Patagonia (A.k.a Patagucci/ fratagonia) stand up shorts.
The quality isn't amazing for a $50 pair of shorts; that's for sure. Nonetheless, I own three pairs of them, and I do like them..: elastic waistband makes them fit snug around the waist; material is also slightly stretchy, so they're very comfortable; 5" inseams hit perfectly, if you're going for shorter shorts; come in a variety of different patterns and colors (they even make swim trunks now)..: $50 is kind of a lot for what they are; thigh openings are pretty huge, and they stretch, so it's hard to get that perfect fit without tailoring them (which isn't too hard), but even then, ., they stretch; also, they wrinkle quickly and that looks kind of bad..So, I guess when I put it like that, the cons slightly outweigh the pros. I do like the shorts, though. They fit a certain niche really perfectly, and I love their marketing strategy. They're really bro-y and frat-y, and their newsletters and website are really funny (to me). .P.S. I am not a frat guy/bro whatsoever. :P
Overpriced frat wear. You can get just as good shorts from H&M for $15. And you won't look like a douche. 
Definitely bro clothing, but that isn't necessarily a bad thing.  I think they work better if you have the legs to at least partially fill them out though.
If you squat, then yes, otherwise no.

The brand's bread and butter is fraternities. They're getting guys more comfortable with shorter inseams. The quality is so-so - probably at or below the level of a J.Crew.
In high school, I would say stick to plain looking boots. Honestly, I don't think undergrads should be wearing wingtips, either. You should at least sort of be in the professional world before you don't look pretentious wearing fancy footwear..I would go for a chukka boot or a plain work boot (like the oft recommended .)..Or, any kind of unadorned plain-toe derby. Suede bucks, maybe. 
Yeah Im the same, try Urban outfitters they had a cool pair of red soled ones that were 60 euro :) i want a pait but my max is about 70euro so :?
Don't wear anything that causes you to worry about coming off as pretentious. That said, I wore wingtips and oxfords to high school at least twice a week..If you have a preppier style, try adding penny loafers to your collection. . I have had good luck with Cole Haan for more colorful shoes like loafers and saddle shoes, but post-Nike aquisition their quality has gone downhill. If you can find any of their shoes without Air in the name, they should be fine quality-wise for the price, but be wary of the newer models..White or tan bucks also make a good spring/summer shoe. Get them nice and dirty and they only look slightly pretentious at high school. Bass again has nice options in your price range.
I second this. I came here to suggest suede bucks, they're perfect if you typically dress prep.
For <120, I would wait... Though if you find a jcp that has the Stafford boots in stock you can buy, they're not bad...
have you heard of clark's desert boot?
I see quite a few teens in my highschool wear CDB's, doesn't look pretentious. Although around my area, everyone and their mother wears Wallabees (which I have as well)..Also, relevant username
I see the apeal of the CBDs but I dont like them that much.
Listen to your father. Have you at least tried them on?
I wouldn't go as far as wingtips yet..I would say brown beef roll penny loafers could work, although they might be pushing it. .camp mocs and blucher mocs are good options that are easy to work with.
Justin Lacers
Honestly you'd be best "classing it up" by buying the upgraded versions of staples. Like Sperrys? Some quoddy mocs have a similar look but set themselves apart in the details and quality..I realize upgrades like that may be out of budget currently, but you'd be better off saving for quality that you can wear a long time than be the kid who wears wingtips to school and in a year you'll want to upgrade from $100 wingtips anyways.
This is not a direct answer to your question, but a word of advice - just because it was on discount doesn't mean you should buy it. If you have to size up to accommodate a wide foot it probably means that shoe brand/last/model is simply not for you. No sense in trying to make a round peg fit a square hole.
1-2 inches is a lot, but you can tighten the fit by wearing an insole..I have orthopaedic insoles (flat feet) that end up pushing my feet up and forward so I always have to buy .5-1 size larger..Wide feet doesn't have to be a bummer. I know Clarks in the UK here do shoes for wide feet in classic (and not so classic/nice) styles.
And you can cause injuries too. 
They're lululemon. .They can be worn with and only with a vagina.
Wear them while biking
What makes you think you can dress that up? The fabric and stitching says otherwise. 
I used to hassle my girlfriend over this brand, but then I tried on a pair of shorts. My god....They felt as if I were wearing absolutely nothing at all. They felt weightless. 
The pants look very similar to black dress pants, obviously with a different material. I think they would look fine with a button down , I was wondering what other opinion would be
Those look really nice. What brand are they? The grey fits perfectly.
Apolis
Do you know much about their chino quality?
I went to their store yesterday and all of the material and fit seems excellent. It also helps that the owners and everyone there is extremely nice. 
Grey wins from front and back perspective. I second the cape comment. 
Small fits much better. Medium looks like you're wearing a cape in the back.
I was thinking the same thing. What do you think about the chest in the small though? Too tight or ok?
Looks fine to me
They're white Nike sneakers, but the picture's too blurry to identify them beyond that really. Maybe Killshots?
They're the .. Uh, good luck getting them, they were released years ago and they're up to the P-Rod 7s now, which luckily for you, comes in the exact same 
Probably some of Paul Rodriguez Nike SB's
It depends on the jacket really, if you can use it as just a blazer or not. Generally though it will look like not a blazer but an orphaned suit jacket. .But honestly a black micro pattern? I don't think that will work as a blazer. I'd probably abandon it. That's not a versatile suit. Sorry. 
Check out this video: 
That guy actually knew what he was talking about, great advice.
Generic indeed.
very boring
I like them from what I can see, not crazy about the bright colors though. I'd prefer a black of grey. If I had to choose I'd go blue.
The Generic Man makes white plimsols that are probably cheaper than these are going to be... yet look basically the same sans insole color.
I can see the purpose behind the colors, though. It's a lot like the vintage Stan Smiths where you have just a smattering of color to play with but not so much that it's like those garish full-red basketball shoes.
...and they will cost a retarded amount of money for nothing.
I'd like it better if it was just white on the inside. I feel like I wouldn't be able to wear these all the time because of their colors. 
Really not a fan of the toe area. Looks cheap. If it didn't have that, I'd be a big fan. 
yea reminds me of the converse one-star they have at target
Best alternative for the APC authentics that had the same premise, might get the blues once I see a different angle
Somewhat surprisingly I actually like them. I'll have to get rid of that ugly bar lacing though.
Kind of seems like unless you plan to take your shoes off and show them to someone, there isn't much/anything to these that is special.
anyone know when we get get these?
These are actually pretty cool
I need to see them in another angle .but so far i like them
Something about it says "you'd like to have these, but it's no lose if you don't buy them" to me. Like I think if I picked up a pair it'd be a nice shoe, but not losing any sleep if I don't.
that's a really good way of describing it. This pair doesn't have anything that makes me absolutely want it, but at the same time I like the look and I can't find anything I can say I really dislike about them. I need a new pair of shoes and so far everything else I've seen has had some feature I disliked. 
Exactly, they don't have anything that makes me go "okay so this feature isn't worth buying" but it also doesn't have anything that says "this feature is worth buying". There's nothing I dislike but nothing stands out.
they look cool, want to see a not-top angle of these.
Yeah if the profile is nice, and the price is within reason, I'd love to get a pair with the pink leather, been looking for a white sneaker with a minimal pink accent for a long time.
I was really hoping you'd wear the mask the Phantom of the Opera does...
You've probably already gotten a lot of proper medical advice, but I have a story to share that might help you..A friend of mine in high school was at a party doing flaming shots of Bacardi 151. I don't know why that's a thing, but it is..I guess you blow the shot out before you do it. He fucked up and took the flaming shot. Guess the flame was invisible. .He blows out fire from his mouth like a dragon, only gets a bunch on his face. It burns the right side of his face, giving him a two face-esque burn..His mother is a nurse and gives him a giant stick of coacoa butter. All day every day this kid is putting coacoa butter on his face. I was sure he'd be scarred for life, but it healed completely..So... Coacoa butter. Constantly.
Balding guy in SoCal..Not sure what MFA thinks but . was my solution after I sunburned my progressively chrome-ier dome in the summer..As far as fashionable I don't know but highly functional.
Think Heisenberg. . 
I hope you make a full recovery, but this post's title is pretty funny, just because of the disparity of the two parts of the sentence.
What about a Panama? Or is that too much like a fedora?
where do you live? I'm from SoCal and a lot of people here rock the straw sunhats
Zuko?
not sure if this is what you're looking for but try realdealbrazil.com i bought one a few years ago and i love it
Ya check out the hobo hats they were rocking at Piti, man. Awesome look
Cordobe? They looked pretty effective when I was in Sevilla a few months ago (.)
Late to the party, but I ordered one of these the other day - . - it's a wide brim, made from hemp and has a lifetime warranty.
Australian Bush Hat.
I was recently burned too - 2nd and 3rd degree on my right hand/arm/ribs - and also have to keep it all out of sunlight (grafts are apparently like mold - they like dark, moist places)..My pro tip is ...Anyway, I'm glad I'm not the only one whose first thought was "Sweet, I get to buy more clothes", not "Well, this sucks".
 .You should be able to find a hat to your taste here. They are the best.
Cowboy hat 
A newsboy cap, then sag it on the burnt side of the face.
Tilley makes excellent outdoor hats, with a ridiculous warranty. Get one in a natural material (canvas, hemp or waxed cotton) to avoid looking too hikery.
sorry :(
Where are you living? If you are in the American South (and other places) you could rock a nice cowboy hat. This Stetson is a sort of classic example.
Sorry about the incident. Are the burns permanent? Or will your face go back to normal?
Forget the hat, make yourself some armor and hit the convention circuit as Sandor Clegane.
Boonie hat all day. Look it up. .They should be super cheap too.
Iron dog's head helm. 
Oh man that's no good, I hope you heal up quick.  Like most others I'd suggest a Panama hat or a camping hat, those look pretty cool.  You could rock a fedora, provided you have a poorly-fitted overly busy black graphic t-shirt (preferably of a meme), baggy cargo shorts that extend past your knees, and a beard that engulfs your adams apple.  But none of us here are cool enough to do that.
Shirts/jackets with hoods on them could probably work too.
No joke, but that hat from Friday the 13th might be good. I don't think I've ever seen it in natural light (given that it's nighttime during most of the movie). Could it be? Freddy Krueger is a redditor and subscribed to mfa.
Bucket hats
honestly i'd just wear a sombrero and go for the give-zero-fucks look
Same thing almost happened to me. It just got my arm though. I popped the hood and heard a gargling noise and knew something wasn't right and tried to get out of the way. It shot the cap straight up and the coolant looked like a volcano. Hope you find a hat that fits your style, but I say the Stetson.  
Might I suggest you forget about fashion and get a ridiculously big hat so that you don't sunburn your face? I mean obviously I don't know how bad it is but as you said: function over fashion..Maybe a sombrero or large rimmed pimp hat, if it's mostly your ear that needs cover maybe a sahara hat? If you look around I'm sure you can find something that looks pretty nice while offering maximal protection.
Damn bro, hope all goes well for you. Get that reconstructive surgery.
I say Rice hat, or Conical Asian hat for short
The real deal Woody Harrelson Zombieland Tarp Hat made in Brazil . . . 

Fuck. Ouch. .Dude, I'd go with a Stenson. Then boots, jeans and a button up. .Although, in some climates it may be difficult to pull off the cowboy look.
Try a Tilly hemp hat. 
Sorry that happened to you, man. It's so random and seem like it happened in the blink of an eye. I hope you recover soon!.Random question on my part: Does anyone know of a good list, diagram, website that breaks down every type of hat out there? I currently don't own many hats. I have like a small, straw-ish fedora that's good for summer. But I just wanted to know more about other hats that aren't fedoras.
Damn that is brutal, man. I hope you heal fast! Good luck!
Im sure you can find a girl who's attracted to the hound from game of thrones. Are you 6'7" and in possesion of a large dog's head helm?
Wear a monacle on your left eye to draw attention away from the burnt right side. In all seriousness though, instead of wearing a hat, you can wear a hoodie with the hood up all the time.
I don't have a suggestion and I'm quite late but I hope you heal up quickly and aren't in too much pain.  Take care!
that burn looks like you're going to want something offering better coverage than the hats people are suggesting. it won't look good, but the asian visor will probably help the most


is your face gonna be okay????
Buy half of an opera mask and live it up while you can Double D.
Sombrero.
Tsk, came in expecting a Two Faces joke...
Hey OP, sorry to hear about that, as a fire breather/eater, I can connect with this sort of issue. Perhaps you could expand a little bit about your fashion style?
How about ..
That's rough dude! What kind of scarring are you expecting? I'm not sure I can recommend any wide brimmed hats per se, but personally I would find the one that makes me look most like a super villain. Embrace it, and I hope it's only temporary! Good luck!
...You should probably concentrate on letting that heal before worrying about a fucking hat, just sayin'.
Make sure you replace your coolant reservoir cap on a regular basis.  They only cost a few bucks and they hold a lot of pressure.  It's probably part of your cars maintenance schedule.
Holy hell, you aren't THE DDantas from NSider are you?
I say screw the fedora hate and go with the original Indiana Jones Poet Fedora made from the original hat block that Indy's hat was made from.
While they haven't made their way to MFA, bucket hats are pretty in these days, like seen . and ..
I always knew that there would be someone who ..  "You're killing me, Smalls!".In all seriousness, I hope you heal up fast.
I have the perfect hat for you buddy. Sexy and functional.   I give you great deal. 
I am light completed and work outside a lot. I wear one of these 
I would just stay inside and play LoL for a month :3

Maybe a bit formal for everyday wear but 
maybe try a fedora. you might realize its not so bad once its on your head
Preeeetttttyy sure you touched something
Why the hate on fedoras? I wish I could pull a fedora off. Beats being balding.
I didn't know Harvey Dent was a redditor, welcome to MFA!
ctrl+f Richard Harrow yields 0 finds???
OH FUCK
BECOME A SUPER VILLAIN
Nice try, Harvey Dent.
ITT: lol here's a pic of a silly hat lol fuck you, op.
This is the route I'd go
immediately buying one of these.
I might buy one of those and I'm not even burnt.
I also have one.  I tried waxing it for some waterproofness, and am not too happy with the results, but I still love the hat.
This is by far the best option on here. It's casual and can be used in most outfits unlike the panama hat, it's not designated to a specific look like the stetson and it's not hard to pull off like the bucket hat. 
Called an 'Akubra'.
Southern California hahaha
You could probably do it then. San Diego has enough military who wear the things off duty and in LA you will probably be the least obnoxious person in any room. 
I had just replaced my cap, it was the tube for the over flow that blew up in my face.
Awww shit.  Horrible luck.
that would be me :)
Cool man. You probably don't know me, I just recognize you from NSider as one of the better known individuals. Sorry to hear about the accident, hope you found a nice hat.
That has the potential to be a very handsome hat.
There's nothing wrong with the fedora. However it's been given a bad name by the type of people that generally wear it.
That's a slippery slope.
Nope. Balding is a-ok. Fedoras are horrible.
I hate it when men hide that they're balding. Be secure, be confident. I find balding/bald men sexy.
Well at this point I do do that, and I hate (and would never sport) a combover, or get plugs or anything extreme like that. Really what I expect to do as it gets worse is just shave my head.. I just have this irrational fear that I'll then learn I have a horribly misshapen head. :D
Eh, even if your head is misshapen you will get used to it. The first time you shave your head you will probably hate it. But it gets better. 
This is my plan. The day I start noticeably balding, goodbye to hair forever. .On the bright side, I know from having a mohawk that I have a decently shaped head.
I'd say embrace your inner Nikki Lauda, and rock the scars.  That dude never wears more than a ballcap.
it's in healing mode right now, not scarred yet
yeah but he wore a mask to protect his face and keep the pressure even while it healed, so unless OP wants to look like a burglar he might just stick to hats
Nikki can rock a melted face like no other.
Coolant isn't blue.....did you put windshield wiper fluid in your coolant....Edit.As pointed out I should have said 
Most coolant isn't blue**
Sorry for the confusion. 
FYI, antifreeze can be dyed different colors (green, orange, blue are common)..In fact, my truck's coolant is pink.
This actually happened to me at a Jiffy Lube.  Luckily I always check their work..When I popped the hood there was green fluid in my wiper fluid reservoir.  .I asked "So.  I notice you guys put coolant in my wiper fluid.  Did you put wiper fluid in my radiator?"."It was like that when you came in."."Get your fucking manager in here, right now."  
Famous words, "it was like that" 
GoodGuyNeoNazi is wrong..I have both orange and green wiper fluid downstairs. Blue is a coolant color, as is orange, green, yellow, pink, so on.  For over a decade now this has been common.  Pink and orange is organic acid, green means silicates, red is a special blend Toyota used, etc.
Ok I'll rephrase, most coolant is green, ok? 
No, because its still wrong.  Unless you only buy prestone.
That's not true, in fact blue coolant is the least common. Gm uses a gold color, Toyota uses red I believe, but color really has nothing to do with it, most coolant sold in the US is certainly green. 
/facepalm..You're wrong. Repeatedly. Move on.
No, blue is literally the least common color. In the US it's green by far, sorry it's the truth. All I did was ask if he had his car worked on recently, since wiper fluid/coolant is often mixed up. 
Your original comment is right there....I quoted you..Are you really that damn delusional trying to convince yourself you aren't wrong?
Haha, like I said I should have re-phrased with "Most" Most coolant is NOT blue. This is very pointless. It's a very common mistake at dealers and garages alike to mix up wiper and overflow, it's the only reason I brought it up. .Like I said I was only trying to help. 
I've seen it done many times. 
Maybe.  But my story stands and it is . for someone to have made a similar mistake in OPs car to cause this overheating/overpressure problem.  Though, I'd like to believe that if such a mistake was made, there would not be enough windshield wiper fluid to actually be seen as blue as it spills out..Still, it pays to double check when you get your fluids changed.
Sure, but its also possible that did not happen. Color has nothing to do with chemical makeup anymore, and there are a slew of colors available.  I personally consider it unlikely this was caused by the wrong fluids.  As I posted in this thread, it happened to me yesterday, and it was absolutely coolant in the tank.  Before it sprayed like a fountain and burned my arm at least... then it just covered the tank.
I didn't say it was the reason, I just asked because I thought it could be. And maybe you do have blue coolant, but it's not nearly as common as green. 
......Yes, yes you did.  And blue isn't as common as green... but yellow, orange, and pink are as common as green now..So no.
I never said the reason this happened was because it had wiper fluid in the coolant. .I just asked if it was a possibility since it does happen.  
Truest story. They all burn equally. 
can confirm
It might not have been the coolant, all I know is that the overflow valve blew up in my face and now I have second degree burns.
what happened to you is my worst nightmare after my car problems. and yeah, some coolant is blue. i knew exactly what you were gonna say when you said it. when I was still a teenager I drove to Tennessee and had coolant issues. damn, that shit is dangerous. we had to wait a long time before we could even investigate the problem. turned out to be a poor seal on the hose. sorry to hear what happened. I'm also a frequent flier at hospitals so you have my empathy. good luck man. 
All I'm saying is, if someone put the wrong fluid in the overflow that might be why this happened. Did you have your car worked on recently? 
No, I'm sure it's the right fluid. I had the same question you had, as I had the car towed to a mechanic as I was rushed to the hospital. They said everything with the car was fine, it's just that the overflow valve was being a little extra worked on due to how hot the car was(climbing up a steep grade in 102 degree weather).
Morbid side of me wants to know.. pic?
edited the OP
GoodGuyNeoNazi is wrong. Coolant comes in many colors, . 
How common to you think that 70 dollar a gallon anti freeze is? 
Have you not read any of my other comments?.Ok then... here it is for $27  -.$28 - .Should I keep going?
Yes keep going. I doubt many people but Mercedes brand coolant, unless he had a Mercedes.  
Nice edit..And only one is Mercedes. Blue is also used in Volkswagon, Honda, Subaru, BMW... Keep digging that hole.
Like I said bud, I was just trying to help lol, green is still by far the most common color in the US, and most of the cars you mentioned often come with green coolant. .Source. The Subaru in my driveway lol. 
Late 90's WRX used blue, and 2008+ Impreza's and 2009+ anything else will typically use the Subaru Super Blue, which is the long life cycle coolant (60k miles, as opposed to the 1995-2008 2.5L's which all had the standard green, which should be replaced at 30k)..You don't know as much about this as you think.  Stop.
My 2012 had green coolant in it right now....

Well just bad luck then, sorry was just trying to help. 
No need to apologize, I appreciate your concern :)
yojhi yamamoto makes nice ones
Link it up, although i dont think thats the style hes after 
Tilley Hats. Highest quality hat you will ever own in your entire life. 
I miss my Tilley.
How more people not upvoting a hat that is handmade, with an SPF rating, water resistant, AND guaranteed for life against loss or theft is beyond me.
Love my Tilley hat, highly recommend.  
Get an akubra, great Aussie look. 
Just skip any hat with fake crocodile teeth in the fake leather band.
This is just an example..However if you don't plan to wear this into battle with crocodiles, you can get one of better quality and that is a little more subtle. 
That's real croc leather mate. Skinned the sheila with me own two hands.
i think the sunlight causes him some type of pain so i think its worth a little covering up
No, it doesn't. 
Man. I didn't realize fedoras were so out of fashion. Just as well that I look silly in a hat I guess or I might have been sporting one.
Honestly, there's nothing wrong with the hat itself. It's fairly minimalist, often made of decent fabrics, comes in a variety of colors, is light, has good lines, etc. It's not like, say, Crocs, which are ugly on principle.  .It's the people who wear them.
Ok that I can see. This is why I'm smart enough not to wear one.
And how they wear them. And the fact that they've simply been out of fashion in the context they're meant to be worn in for a very long time.

OP said specifically no fedoras.
I'm not trying to make light of your situation but this . would be perfect
One of the only men who can pull off the Fedora. Lookin' good, Fred!
I wish you a speed recovery. That being said, I vote 
I second this
I recommend a different ..
I can't tell from your post if this is a permanent thing or not...are you just looking for a snazzy hat while it heals, or is this the new normal for your face? Cause if it's the latter, I bet you'd be much happier spending your money on reconstructive surgery than hats.
I had second degree burn on my arm (at the elbow) once and it was light / heat sensitive for over a year. No problems now. It used to be discolored in sunlight but you cant see anything now. Hopefully this will be the case for OP.
cowboy hat ftw.
I reckon that'd be a good choice, partner.
You could get an Akubra (hat) and a Driz-a-bone (coat) and be extra Australian while your burns heal.
Til the browncoats were all actually Australians 
it's summertime man!
The driza-bone is about keeping dry, rather than warm. You should be OK as long as you don't wear a warmth layer under it.
...I know it's a thinker, but if something is impermeable,  do you imagine it venting heat well? As someone who owns waxed canvas clothing, trust me, it doesn't.
Not in Australia. YOU HAVE TO COMMIT
Camping hat/Safari hat is probably your best option, they will offer you the most shade from the sun along with not being only suitable for formal occasions (fedora's/top hats etc) .Quick search found me this page, hopefully you like the look of one or two of them.Hope you have a speedy recovery and minimal long lasting damage x.E; Fishing hats might be viable for you too 
I know this is not something considered fashionable, but I just got this OR hat and love it:.
I fear the sun during the summer, and this hat is lightweight, mesh on the sides, and you can tie up the sides with the chin strap if you don't want them out all the time.
Who told you that fedoras were for formal occasions?
Earl Sweatshirt would agree.
earl sweat attack monsta!
ftfy
well sheeeit
how about a Boater hat? . . 
Pitti aint the best place for inspo
I love the look of these but i'm not quite dapper enough to pull it off
I wish I was more dapper so bad.
I know! I really really want one of these but don't think it would compliment my collection of t-shirts very well...


I don't know man...that third guy looks moderately sloppy.
But it's movie star sloppy.  Ever so cleverly disheveled.
Wear a boater then.
My head is rather large. I can't wear hats. :/
I don't want fop damnit! I'm a Dapper Dan man!

Please start using a double head sided coin to determine all of your decisions in life until your face gets better.
Shouldn't be permanent(second degree burns are relateable to extremely bad and painful sunburns), in my case, only the first * and second * layer of skin was melted off(extremely lucky), so just something while it heals..edit: learned that the second layer was burned off as well thanks to 
Oh thank goodness. I'm really sorry you're going through this, but I'm glad that it sounds like you'll make a nearly-full to full recovery given time. .What you wear depends on what else you're wearing. Judging by your recent OCBD post, it looks like you're good with the whole Summer in the Hamptons kind of look, lighter chinos, canvas sneaks, bright button down. These can and do work with a more tropical summer vacation kind of look, like the Panama. You could also go a more casual, younger look with a t-shirt or really casual patterned button down (tattersal's a good option), jeans, and a well-worn baseball cap. It only provides protection up front, but no one will think you're trying to pull off a fedora and no one really raises an eyebrow at a man wearing a baseball cap unless you're in church or something. 
glad to hear man
Thanks for the well wishes :). I'll stick to button downs for now, as I don't want to risk rubbing the healing skin by putting on a t-shirt. I'm from SoCal so I think the Panama might be a good option.
Thanks :)
Best suggestion so far, upvote for panaamas..Although I think a straw fedora is perfect for summertime, and it's not hard to pull off with chinos and a ocbd 
Good to hear! I know jack shit about hats, so I'll just wish you a speedy and full recovery..PS I think cowboy hats are rad but it is a very particular style and if you were going for it you'd already have thought of cowboy hats.
Burns are rated by which layer of skin was damaged.  First degree burns damage just the epidermis.  Second degree damage the dermis.  Third degree damage the hypodermis (where the nerves are, which is why you may not feel the burn).  If you had second degree burns, then you lost two layers.
dang, luckier than I expected. One more layer then I would have to dress up as Two-Face for every Halloween hahaha.
There is a wide range of severity within the bracket of 3rd degree burns as well too.
Meh, you could pull a Jonah Hex too occasionally (with the aforementioned Stetson).
also, the hypodermis is the only one which cant regenerate, so yes, you were lucky..If you ever get burned and it doesn't hurt or itch you should be worried.
Third degree burns can still hurt though. I had one on my thumb a lot time ago and it essentially hurt like I was currently receiving the burn for about a week straight.
It grows back, eventually. You just can't feel it very well. .Edit: source: I have had third degree burns on several parts of my hands. 
if it's . it's good enough for you
i like the bowler hat style of that
Is that Ann D?
Yes it is
Does he just pace back and forth down the runway waiting for Godot to show up?
Zuko already has it figured out: 
Honor!

. 
The thing about those fashion shows is that they're more akin to Formula 1 than they are to street races..Here's what I mean. Most, if not all, car related technologies come from Formula 1, it's the bleeding edge. These innovations are really expensive, and pretty extreme (what with them being for racing and all), but it generates interest from car companies like BMW who then go to make the concept more conservative and affordable, making it useful to the average joe..With fashion, these shows are meant to portray the very new, crazy things, but they eventually trickle down, becoming more conservative as they go. The... uhhhh... robe from the first one would make a beast sweatshirt, cardigan or something like that. I would wear the pants in the second one as is, and the jacket would be the same as the previous one, it needs some refinement. The third is a motherfucking lion yo.
I...what?.The left guy's shirt is awesome, though. I would wear the hell out of that.
I think the people saying that in this thread are actually serious and it concerns me.
I think that's actually most of fashion. Meta irony develops into actual trends.
From the responses, it looks like nobody likes the middle guy's outfit..I can't quite put my finger on why.
The pieces dont fit well together, i think thats why.. they look like theyre from differnet outfits
I'm partial to the one on the right. I mean, that should cover up the sun if you wear it right. But nobody said anything about covering up the rest
Andy Samberg?
Somebody skipped leg day.
shirt thing on the left is sweet 
It looks like something out of Silent Hill or Onimusha
ye im kinda digging those pants in the middle.but i also used to do a lot of drugs so you probably shouldn't listen to my opinion
I would totally rock the far right outfit.
Its even got a freakin tail!
Just got to kill a leopard.
You mixed up some of your vowels.
dammit. fixed.
I'd totally fuck that guy..No homo.
wide brim straw hat?


i wanted to link this fit, but couldn't find it. thanks!
If it helps with the sun so much, why do you still need to cover your face?.Checkmate.
Amish Goth Ninja! =)
Reminds me of those future gangsters from 'Looper'
I know you're kind of half joking but take off the ninja part and I think this really makes sense being called Amish Goth.
-ninja, +beard
was just in amish country, they dont look that much like it.well sorta
You have to go to the Amish malls to see the Amish Goths. 
I've never met anyone wearing a sombrero that I didn't like. 
That's because they sold you tacos and weed every time.
Tacos . weed? That's a man who knows his demographic.
If you know anyone living in Colorado or Washington, I think you've just found their next business.
Moving to Colorado for school next month. Hoping and praying this is a real thing.
Never met anyone wearing a sombrero that was sober..Needless to say, never met anyone wearing a sombrero that didn't know how to have a good time.
Your comment seems racist at first, but you pulled yourself out of that one. 
I always pull out. ~70% success rate when done correctly..Well, I'm from FL. If someone's wearing a sombrero, it's because they're plastered at a Mexican-themed party or restaurant and probably playing a tiny guitar and singing the greatest hits of Juanes.
You're making me want to go to Mexico. Dudes in sombreros all over the beach trying to sell you drugs or get you to rent a jet ski. So fun. 
One of each, please!
I went to Mexico once. I think I was in the wrong part of Mexico. It was just a bunch of poverty-stricken little kids trying to sell me things. It was a border town just across from AZ, not really a touristy Cancun-type place.
Panama Hat. The fedora's attractive cousin.
I think people would be surprised how easy it is to rock a Panama. 
God those lotus Elises in the background are sexy. 
Is that detective Quinn?
Hard to pull off, I've only seen one person actually look good in one before.
Get a pair of aviators and you got yourself a Hunter S Thompson costume.
*Expensive European imports not included.
That's a line of Lotus Elise..You can pick up a second hand model for ~$20k, with new ones topping out at about $80k. Not an expensive euro import..Edit: The second one is an exige. Bit more expensive, still less then a mid-range BMW.
20k with it being beat to shit :(
However, both are impractical and uncomfortable as FUCK. Source: I work at an exotics dealership
It took me longer than it should have for me to realize you were talking about the cars. I was sat there for a moment saying "80k for a fucking hat?"
Link 1: .
Link 2: 
For a man who is selling $25,000 hats, he should update his web site. It still looks like it's from the 90s. Although that page would take forever to load on dial-up..Also, the world's two most expensive hats are ugly as shit.
Still damn close to the fedora if you don't rock the rest of the outfit with it.
Seersucker suits and mint juleps. 
Yeah, one of the big problems with fedora-wearers is not completing the outfit.  I do own a seersucker suit; I should start wearing a panama hat any place that'll let me walk around constantly holding a mint julep.
Does the rest of the outfit include the two Lotus Elises?
at least two.
That's why it's attractive.
The one behind is an Exige because you can see the air scoop on top of the roof.
It's close enough that everyone around you will think you're wearing a fedora 
No no... Indy wears the fedora. It's the bad guy that wears the Panama hat. 
Doesn't his father wear a bucket hat? All the diversity of headwear.
I'm from Texas so I'll just recommend a Stetson.
Also suitable for any formal occasion even remotely near the South.

upvote for doctor :) but stetsons are cool
This. I love my Stetsons and they are great when you are out in the sun. 
Stetsons are amazingly comfortable and of great quality.
Just to balance things a bit. I have had the experience of going in for the kiss while wearing a Stetson.  I wont blame the rejection to said kiss completely on the Stetson, but I must say I felt more awkward than Stetsonless rejections.  Just saying.
So Stetsons are inherently cockblockers?? That's bad publicity.
Well the awkwardness might have been caused by your poor bowel control instead.
You should have taken it off before you made your move. Also, there is nothing cooler than having a girl pull your hat back as she kisses you. Source: I rode in a few rodeos, wore a Stetson, and had this happen. Damn that girl was a firecracker. . . I wonder what she's up to . .  .
Nice! I saw my first rodeo in Dickson, TN not too long ago. Pretty awesome.
Firecracker? As in hot? Please tell me more texas slang, it sounds awesome. 
Not used to define attractiveness as much as to describe attitude. The kind of free spirited girl who will be bold and sassy and have an exciting energy to them. Someone who will speak their mind without regard and who just has a natural sort of bang to them. This is usually accompanied by physical attraction however, as if they aren't attractive then those qualities aren't as admirable, in most cases..Kind of how a firecracker makes a loud noise but its appealing not only for the sound but the bright light it creates.
I'm from Alabama, but yes Firecracker as in hot, kind of dangerous, and over before you know it.
Hot and wild. Unpredictable.
Probably making out with Jake Gyllenhaal in the backseat of her car
.
He just tried it on one day and it fit
I love Justified.Such a good show.
Damn he looks different than he does in Hitman.
That pic's from ., it's kind of a modern day western, but . and totally awesome.
I know it doesn't add much to the conversation; but how is Justified?  I saw the promos and thought it looked badass, but I haven't seen a second of it.
Best one liners
Me and my dad have watched every episode thus far, and will continue to do so. We even have a couple episodes. Suffice to say, we love the show..My dad even did the promotional giveaway contest around season 2(?) and got first prize, which included a Stetson Hat (his), shirt (mine), a pair of boots (ended up getting rid of them), and I believe 500$. It's a really nice hat, too.
It's my second favorite television drama.  After Mad Men, but before The Black Donnelys.  The character development is practically perfect.  The writing is phenomenal but not off-puttingly self reverent, it can be funny while still carrying it's weight.  The acting is top notch, and the direction and cinematography are better than most movies.  I honestly could watch the show forever..Plus it's all on cokeandpopcorn, so there's no reason for you not to at least give it a shot.
I find the first season to really place the characters despite being mostly filler episodes. The second season has no filler at all but betrays the character strengths a little. Overall though it's an amazing show and one of fx's best. Also free on amazon prime.
If I have anything bad to say about the show it's that the first season has too many "one-off" episodes. They're fantastic, but the real story-arc of the first season (which is excellent) doesn't really take off until the last 4-5 episodes. The dialogue is fantastic, honestly next to Mad Men it's the best written show on TV. The acting is superb, the story arc of season 2 is Shakespeare in Kentucky, and it just keeps getting better. Olyphant's character is badass, but Boyd Crowder (played by Walton Goggins), Olyphant's . old coal mining buddy and current outlaw is even more fun to watch. I can't recommend it highly enough.
I second this. I just rewatched the first three seasons over the past month. Absolutely awesome.
What do people have against standalone episodes, as long as the arc eventually gets resolved? Do you also not read long books? .On . I could scream every time someone whines that a very good standalone procedural episode "sucks because it's not about Red John." .I like a slow, simmering long-term storyline. You get the tension of the arc, but you still get the varying emotions in a shorter story. I think it's the best of both worlds. 
I think the problem with the first season is that it wasn't until episode 5 or 6 that the writers really figured out what to do with Boyd's character. Instead of a slow simmering storyline everything came to a quick, unexpected boil near the end of the season. To the writers' credit it really doesn't feel this way when you're watching the show, but we don't see much of Boyd at all between the first and eleventh episodes and since his arc runs parallel to Raylan's in a lot of ways that just didn't seem right. 
You know that Boyd was scripted to die in the first episode, right? It was only when they cast Walton Goggins and saw him in action that they decided to keep the character around. So that explains the initial uncertainty. 
Yeah, and I'm very glad they did, it wouldn't be the same show without him. Still, the first season arc isn't perfect. 
He was great in Deadwood too. He is made for playing sheriffs. 
He was, it's a shame HBO let that series die.
My girlfriend let me watch it without telling of the awful, awful ending. Some things are just unforgivable.
Deadwood was one of the greatest shows ever on HBO. Its sad that it just died out, but I think the main writer quit so it would've been hard to keep having the same quality material with a new writer.
You don't happen to know why he quit? Seemed like it should have been a satisfying production to work on, no?
They put him on a quota of no more than a thousand "mother fuckers" and five hundred "cocksucker"s per episode. He said he couldn't write under those conditions. 
HBO decided the show was too expensive. They were willing to make a movie or two to wrap it up, but Milch had moved on to John from Cincinatti

what is this from?
The League
Arigato, rrrrracists. 
Spooky sushi!
Is there anything he doesn't wear well?
A Bikini? No....no, he's probably pull that off like a boss to. 
Stetsons are cool.
I GET THIS REFERENCE
A gentleman would have removed his hat before going in for a kiss. 
Classic scoundrel move right there.

Is that Mr. Smith?
Yes sir.

A thread is 100% better off soon as Teal'c is involved

I was really not expecting to think about . today.
Also known as .. 
This happened to me yesterday, though only my hand and some forearm has deep second degree, my face got away with some minor spot 1st degree burns..So as a general statement to people out there...     .Hope you find a hat!
I swear the whole "open the hood while it's hot and steamy" is something born out of Hollywood where the protagonists car breaks down.  It's a cliche in so many movies that it has been ingrained in our heads that it's safe.
Also - shocking a flatline and "get the bullet out." .The "get the bullet out" one is so wrongheaded and so ingrained it's actually starting to get on my nerves, and I'm not a medical professional. .Freaking . will leave the bullet in - it's not a big deal, and certainly not important enough for you to dig around in someone's abdomen with your stinky paws. 
My car has been having cooling problems for a while now. I have been too lazy to fix it, and I am sure if it ever completely overheated opening the hood would have been my first thought. Thanks for this PSA. 
Mine is currently having issues. Here's a tip. If you see the temperature needle getting close to the "Hot" roll down your windows and pump your heat up to MAX. Your car's heater uses the heat from the engine to pump hot air into your car, so often a quick way to ensure your car doesn't overheat is to turn on max heat. Roll down your windows so your max heat can escape and not be stuck in the car with you. It's hot, but with windows down and the vents pointed towards the windows, it's tolerable and much better than a ruined engine..I keep having to do this every few weeks, or whenever I drive a lot. Or until I can pull the engine and replace the head gaskets to solve the main problem behind it all.
Thanks for the tip! I do actually do this sometimes, however my windows will randomly stop working as well so sometimes I'm driving in 90 degree weather, windows up, heat blasting. It is not fun at all, but like you said better than a broken engine. 
I want to add to your bold. Just as some helpful advice, if anyone, for whatever insane reason, needs to open the hood up before they can wait for it to cool down, burp it.. That means lift the hood up about an inch, and close it.. Do that rapidly for about 10 seconds... This allows oxygen to enter under the hood slowly, and that's good, because it's the rush of oxygen that causes those 'explosions'.. Similar to a charcoal grill catching flames when opening the lid to quickly. I hope the both of you are able to recover well.
when i was young i open the radiator cap when it was overheating. The coolant geysered out of there like 6 feet in the air. I was lucky that i only got minor burns and covered in a lot of coolant.
You're topping off your coolant right? My car had problems awhile back because I didn't do that nearly enough.
TIL Nothing about hats, a lot about safely opening your car hood.  
It's one of those things that is suddenly incredibly obvious once you have vaporized poison sprayed in your face
Yup!  My face agrees.
Yeah... it's not at all like the movies where you can just wave your hand back and forth for a moment to clear the steam and get down to investigating the engine. 
Yep.  I had always done that, popped the hood and waited for it to cool... in this case I think it was a combination of the place the former owner took it to (she's a friend) didn't put the cap back on correctly, it was leaking slowly, causing it to overheat (combined with the heat wave), massive pressure buildup, and the sudden exposure* to cooler air by opening the hood..Please excuse the mild copy pasta, my hand hurts and I didn't feel like typing it all out again :).Edit: Typo
I've considered myself to be decent when it came to automobile knowledge, but before I came to this thread I never realized how dangerous this can be..Only have been in a situation like this once, thankfully. Had an old dodge w150 overheat on me a few years back. I pulled over and popped the hood right away, with no accidents of this nature. I assume it was due to just how freezing cold it was at the time(winter in Michigan, about -13F), or just that I was plain lucky not to get messed up.
I dont live in cold weather but I would assume cold + overheating = not bueno (I imagine this would make the cap become brittle and break more easily in high pressure situations). That being said, I generally avoid opening the hood of a car until its had time to cool, but Im not sure much could be done to avoid the cap poppimg in ops situation..Cars are dangerous things.
Yeah, I was thinking maybe it was cold enough to cool while I sat there to curse my luck after shutting the engine off, getting out and fondling the latch for a minute to get the damn thing open(it had a busted latch that I eventually replaced). As I said though, I could have been just plain lucky. 
did you contact them to let them know what happend and or sue?
Ouch, hope you recover well man. That bolded part are words to live by. 
Thanks, you too, you got it worse than me definitely.  A little bit of pills, some antibacterial cream, and regular wraps of my hand until healed... I'll come out ok..But definitely on letting it cool down.  I always used to pop the hood to let it cool down... never again.
Bucket Hat...embrace your inner Schoolboy Q. 
Yeah it's summer, get yourself a floppy fisherman style hat. Or possibly a nice, neutral colored military surplus ., which are like $10-30 depending on quality. 
bitches and dem hoes, now dey see me,  they like there he go.they be like THERE HE GO. .SCHOOL. BOY. THERE HE GOOO.
These are really fashionable with Oasis/BeadyEye fans in the UK. Its a good look 
There he go!
on a serious note, how can the average person avoid looking like a clown while wearing a bucket hat? there's a five panel I want that's out of stock but the bucket hat with the same print isn't, but I know that I can't rock a bucket hat like Q can
My friend wears one all the time... he always looks so out of place.
yeah well my friend always wears shorts and looks out of place. not everyone has got style.
Aviators. Rock the Hunter S. Thompson look. 
Plain white ones are good, especially if you want to rock the Hunter S. Thompson look.
Be black like I am. We can wear anything.
Or Asian.
did not expect a Q reference here
why not
We really out here 
DAE HHH? 
are we also eating though??

[deleted]
good lord y'all are embarrassing yourselves
I like the bucket hat, but I am afraid I look like . when I wear one.
Why would you be afraid? Isn't that the intended look?
Why would you not want to look like Bill Murray?!
Rule #6

hahahahahaah
wow, is vine actually good? I haven't downloaded it because it looked kinda lame but shit this is hilarious.
I have devoted whole evenings to vine. It's pretty funny. 
some people, such as action and riff raff, are worth following...random comedians and whatnot as well. your friends, probably not.
Vine is pretty great, if only for the hilarious rappers on there.
and comedians
Gotta be better than Kendrick cuhhh!
I'm crying.
WE OUT HEREEE HIIPOWER
seriously just go full streetwear, never look back
Especially if you think someone is following you. Makes you look suspicious
ohhh shiet dude i was fucking thinking some full on harvey dent shit mayn wtf mayn with that title jeezus
Narwhal you hood as fuck.
I also was expecting two face.
Me too... and I was like "Damn son, you can wear whatever fucking hat you want."
I don't know what to say. Your other comments prove you're literate, I guess you get a free pass haha
You don't, bitch!.Edit: fuck i guess I don't. 
MANE GET OFF ME THIS IS GUCCI DON TUCH DIS SHIT
Why can't I stop upvoting you :(
Shieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet
Yeah I was gonna say that the dude should get himself a half and half suit and start flipping a coin and just roll with it.

Chicks dig the ..
As a positive note to such a horrible accident, this would be a fantastic Halloween outfit.
For those who don't know (probably not a lot who don't), this is a Game of Thrones reference. There is a character called 'The Hound' who had half his face burnt by his brother when they were younger and he wears that helmet. 
What you know about wearin' a wolf on yo' noggin?
Insensitive joke in 3...2...1... Burn!
Heh, ..
Pretty sure the burn happened before that. 
Pre-literal burn followed by post-figurative burn!
Define:
I agree with Syeknom, you have to be more specific. Apparently, those are Zara boots, but they seem to be out of stock. I guess you could scour online stores or B&M shops for remaining pairs, or you could look for alternatives. I think you can still find brown Stafford Wingtip boots at JCPenney stores (if you're in America) for around $50-$60 if you're lucky (they say "out of stock" online), but while their quality is pretty good for their price, they won't last very long. I don't know what super expensive is for you, but . for $395 that looks very similar to me. Alden makes a very high quality pair for $695, and . makes perhaps the highest quality option that looks similar at $795 (they ship to EU too I think). Another bang-for-your-buck option is .. They ship internationally, so your in luck, wherever you are..If none of these are appealing, you can continue looking by searching for brown wingtip boots. Good luck!
If I were you, I'd go with a goatee/ mustache to go with your shaved head.
Seems to be the consensus everywhere I'm looking, I'll have to give it a go. Next up, fixing the wardrobe, if only it were as easy as a beard.

Undershirt: Uniqlo airism is pretty good. Best for its price range..Underwear: I wear Calvin Klein briefs. So comfy. 
Second the Uniqlo for undershirts. .2(x)ist is great for boxer briefs. I like the Touch line personally since I tend to prefer nylon and it's softer than Calvin Klein. Check the myhabit and gilt type sites, they show up on those often. 
Derek Rose. They have a 50% sale now :.but, the ones I wear are not  :.If you are in a mid-range budget : Calvin Klein Men's Micro Modal Trunk
I think more than most things, this boils entirely down to personal preference. I like muji shirts and gap boxers, but ymmv
AIRISM AIRISM AIRISM
I am a big fan of champion brand boxer briefs. people like uniqlo airism a lot, and I think those are decent, but champion is more comfortable..I don't wear undershirts.
+1 for airism
+2. I only have 2 atm but I'm seriously considering getting enough to wear them exclusively.
Wolverine 1000 mile boots. I had been looking around for a pair of boots and was looking to spend around $100. Came across the 1000 miles on here and fell in love. .Hemmed and hawed about it and finally decided to pull the trigger. Haven't worn them much in the summer but I was constantly wearing them in the Fall/Winter.
Quoddy canoe mocs in cavalier whiskey.  Absolutely beautiful shoes, and they're fantastic for summer.

Any real nice thrift find does it for me. But most of qlo shirts I buy I absolutely fall in love with. But thrift shoes will be my favorite pieces. 
I recently found a brand new pair of CDBs at Value Village yesterday, I paid a cool $6 for them. It was like the stars and planets had aligned, not only were they brand new, they were in my size! Words cannot describe. 
I love my 8" Bean boots
3Sixteen ST-120X. The jeans I've been looking for all my life. Super dark, perfect fit, fades nicely.
I bought . for when I wear civilian clothes to work. Best purchase ever. 
My Roshe Runs - too comfy and good looking to fathom, and not really a splurge.When its winter an old french workers shirt - like a thick quilted lumber jack jacket. My dad bought it in france back in the 70's, and has given it to me. Its so soft and cushty and you can almost wear it with anything..Can't beat Llama wool socks in the winter either.
paid full price for them and in retrospect that was probably a bad decision (on ssense they came down to $175ish), but if they hadn't gone on sale I wouldn't have cared. They're just so fucking cool, I can't think of anything more I could possibly want from a pair of shorts..also a reigning champ pullover hoodie. that was the first piece of "expensive"  clothing I'd ever bought and it really nailed home to me how much better well made/nice stuff can be. At the time spending that much seemed fucking crazy, but now in my mind its kinda cheap. funny how things change.
My Quoddy mocs. They're super comfortable, the leather is gorgeous and is starting to wear/fade nicely, and I just really enjoy wearing them.
I'm a simple guy, so mine are really just the first time I got some of the essentials that I still have:
Tom Ford Henry sunglasses...pretty much the nicest thing I've ever worn. .Also, not too spendy but I'm super happy with the BB sport coat I just bought. 
Lightweight denim. I love jeans, especially raws and even more especially with a pair of boots, but when you live in the desert it's hard to wear long pants without them sticking to your body in the most nasty way imaginable.  .I grabbed a pair of N&F lightweight selvedge and I can wear them in 120F weather just fine. I'm probably going to pick up some of the gustin superlights as well when they restock. 
my 10 grey sneakers i bought in a shop in berlin. comfortable, looking good, and really good quality for the price. also, my desigual sweater is reaally comfortable and fits me well.
American Giant full zip hoodie. $90 for a hoodie seemed ridiculous but arguably the best bang for the buck in my closet. 
Red Wing Iron Rangers.  I love them.
My Vastrm slim fit polo in white with light blue collar and placket. Favorite shirt I own.
Levi Commuter Jacket in olive. One of the few things I've paid full retail for, and I can't wait for it to cool down a bit so I can wear the damn thing every day until it starts pouring rain and being freezing.
My AE brown Neumoras. 
Reversible Kenneth Cole New York lamb skin motorcycle jacket, had it for 10 years and still going strong.
This is going to be a different for MFA but I got Jordan 4 toro bravo and an older man at the grocery store called them cool today. That made me so happy
Not really a spurge but this . Deansgate fishtail is close to being my favourite item and was bought on a whim so i'm really happy with the buy
Sperry's.  .Never in a million years did I think I would spend over $50 on shoes, but Sperry's are worth it. 
Wrangler Stompers, they are just perfect for me.
Allen Edmonds Park Avenues, Etro and Thomas Pink Linen shirts, suede dress shoes from Mezlan, John Varvatos black suit, exoffico boxers
Oni Awa Shoai and tan Gucci bucks with light blue soles.
I've got 2 pairs of APC new standard denim, one black and one indigo. I wear them almost exclusively. Best purchase(s) ever. 
Agreed. My Iron Rangers are mine. $300 boots but so worth it. 
I have Red Wing Beckman's, not 1000 miles, but in this case they're virtually the same. Quality leather boots. I wear them every day, and absolutely love them.
I wear mine to work most days. I love them. I take better care of them then I take care of my computer, my phone, or my body.
I'm a broke college student, so I went with the L.L. Bean Camp Moc as a cheaper alternative, and I LOVE them. They're more comfortable than my boat shoes, and they look more adult.
those shorts are super cool
If the leg opening is as slim as it looks, they could be the exception that proves the rule on cargo shorts.
They are. They fit quite slim and while they're on the longer side for most people I'm 6'4 so a size 3 (large) lands well above the knee. 
heresy
All I will say is this -- if you're in a situation where you've been DYING to pee and you finally get to the bathroom, that's a terrible thing to have to face in those desperate seconds.
I don't own any 501's but I have some pants from H&M that have a button fly and they're really easy 0___0 are the 501's that much different? 
I don't know, I honestly have never owned button fly pants before these that I know of...I guess it's a bit of a learning curve? haha I'm starting to wear these the most instead of my Uniqlo jeans so I'll probably get used to it just fine.
Stop individually undoing the buttons. Unbutton the top one, then grab each side and pull, the buttons pop out. Undoing it this way is quicker than a zipper.
really? mine come undone with ease... just do it quickly, like ripping off a bandaid
I have several pairs of shorts/chinos with button flys from H&M as well as a couple pairs of 501's, and I think it's . to unbutton the 501's.  The metal buttons on the jeans just slide out with less effort.
I had zero clue this was a thing. Thanks for the life/MFA pro-tip
I got the commuter jacket in black and wish they hadn't stopped making it in olive.
It might be back this year, with some slight modifications. They just do a limited run of all the commuter stuff every year.
Fingers crossed!
It never rains in Cali :(
I'm looking to pick up a pair of red wing chukkas in a couple of weeks. I'm honestly soooo excited
Levi's slim trucker jacket. .Fucking love it, to this day. 
Sweet. Just placed an order for one last night. 5'9", 135 pounds. I went for a small.
I'm 5'9, 147. Size small fits me perfect. You got the right size..Here's an old, unflattering photo - . - but if you're a regular build, you're fine.
Man I'm 5'8'' 105 lbs, it's gonna look hella better on you than me. Mine fits me at the shoulders though. If you're lucky, the sleeves will fit at the wrist. If not, don't worry and just cuff 'em. .And pop that collar. It's not as bad of an idea as it seems. .What wash? I think dark summit is the best. The black and gray ones are kinda meh to me, but anything in between is good.
Just wash it with hot water and hot dry it. I did that right away with my medium slim fit trucker (dark summit like you) when I got it last week. Had to get medium for the shoulders (I'm 5'11") but was a bit long at the waste, but a hot wash shrunk it a bit. Just like jeans, they'll stretch back out but you can always throw it back in the dryer, the fade looks good anyways.
Last sale I ordered their . (mine isn't on the site anymore and has the sherpa collar, like the .) and it is driving me crazy that I can't wear any jacket in 90+ heat and 100% humidity, much less one as warm as this one..Buying winter during summer sales and summer during winter sales is frugal, but incredibly frustrating sometimes.
Alden 403. Wear 'em every day I don't wear shorts.
Ughhh I'm eyeing these so hard. An increasingly large part of me is willing to defy all reason and ask for these as a "college graduation gift" in a few weeks
It's not a "splurge" but my uniqlo premium cotton tees are so comfy. I love them. 
Definitely agree with you on that one. I bought some premium white cotton tees just to try them out, but the BB ones are still my favorite.
I got married in 95 degrees in a wool suit. It wasn't fun, but not as terrible as you might think. Regardless, "could be more miserable" isn't the same as comfortable so I think you're smart to plan your outfit around the weather..I generally like your outfit, but I think you should ditch the tie. You're already wearing casual pants and shoes with no jacket and rolled sleeves - why force a conflict in formality? I also think matching is an ugly gimmick, but if it's important to your bride then so be it.
A casual, unstructured linen suit would be a nice idea - can be worn tieless too
Excellent.  Thanks for your response
I'd wear the tie.
What do you guys think of these .? I'm moving to upstate new york in the fall for college, and I need some boots that are functional in snow and also look good for less than $100. These are pretty much all I could find.
I got nailed with a $73 customs fee today from my one pair of shoes I ordered from the Norse sale. Anything I can do other than suck it up and pay it?
EMERGENCY! Where can I get a not too expensive slimmer fitting suit jacket or sport coat? I need it for tomorrow night so I can't buy anything online. I'm thinking h&m right now but that's my only option.
I'm planning to buy Red Wings Iron Rangers, and I've heard that Red Wings sizes go kind of big.  I wear size 8.5 Nike flyknit trainers.  What size Red Wings should I get?
It's time for a haircut soon. I know MFA hates hair posts but MHA is a dead sub. . is what my hair looks like right out of bed. Any haircut suggestions?.Bonus question: Where can I get a custom .?
 you . 
so the measurements for . are 46" chest, 31" length, 27" sleeve, 24.5 shoulder to shoulder in back is this big its a vintage small jcrew and I'm looking for a cream/natural cable knit, I'm normally a medium, but these measurements are so huge.
Yeah that'd be like an XL in most brands based on the chest measurement. Is it maybe because it stretched or maybe because the person who took the measurement did something wrong?
How can I slim . I know they make my hips look large, but I'd really like to take them in as I think that they're's a lot of excess crotch fabric. I put them through the wash and machine dried them already (I believe it shrunk them at the bottom more than it did at the top). Honestly, I don't know why tonight they didn't look like they did when I first got them (first pic). Anyways, I got them on sale, no returns, so any help would be greatly appreciated. 
Interesting, the crotch does look weird in a few pics.  Maybe you haven't worn them enough?  Try to iron them?  Not really sure what's up with that.
Kind of a general fashion question, but I'm trying to better understand colors and such..What are good color schemes, and why?.I get that Navy/Khaki/Grey is solid, and that seems to be because they're all essentially neutral colors, so that's kind of a default thing that "works." But other than that one, what are some standard schemes?
Dude, Side bar. 
I'm kinda struggling to condense the "Understanding Color" into groups. It talks about how to use colors generally. (IE. Pair a singe bright piece with neutrals to tone it down, etc.) But I'm more looking to understand what specific sets of colors are already well designed by default, if that makes sense.
Dude, simple questions.
A pretty good one is "earthy tones". Burgundy, navy, olive, khaki, grey, cream, brown, white. Pretty much mix and match any of those and it'll look good.
So that's solid in the same vein as the navy/khaki/grey combo being safe since they're all neutral-ish?
Yeah exactly.
I'm betting it's from the late 80s/90s, when oversized sweaters were king. If you're not into that, don't get it.
ok thanks I found another in dark green thats 25" across . won't let me link for some reason would that work better?
the green one is even bigger than the cream one.if you like fitted mediums, these are not the sweaters you're looking for
god damn it i just want a cable knit wool sweater for cheap
Those were actually some of the first I looked at, but unfortunately, the last ones are significantly out of my price range and I don't really like the look of the rubber toe. The thing is, the snow probably isn't a huge issue, do to the university doing a good job plowing, so I don't think the rubber lower is necessary.
Dude, you're going to school in upstate New York
The rubber toe in black looks much better than the brown rubber you posted, which looks like uggs
If you want a boot for snow, the bean boot is the way to go. For any other boot worth the money and under $100, you're  going to need a sale. However, the . is a good look and is regularly (and currently) going for a low price. If you sign up for an Amazon shoe account, you ge 20% off the final price, bringing it under $100.
they feel like uggs for men... which im thinking isnt the ideal look..also rockports aren't the greatest in terms of quality. Here's a link to the boots guide... which is very helpful 
Check your face type/structure using this page (there are lots of others around too): .Based on that information you'll get some suggestions on what styles look best.

What's a pair of versatile shoes that I can wear to work? I'm talking about $100 or less. I have . shoes which I can pretty much wear on anything. .My work is ok with casual clothing, and I wear jeans and a polo to work every day. I was thinking of getting CDBs but I'm not sure how versatile they are. I'd like a pair of shoes which I can use with most of my wardrobe. Thanks 
Might too late to get a response on this, but does anyone know what . sweater is?
I'm a newbie, can someone answer my really simple questions please?.1) I'm about to buy 2 Vans, both authentic, white and grey. They work fine with most denim pants, right? Is there any inspirational album for Vans or any website I could browse for some outfits?.2) What should I use with them other then t-shirts? I know they are pretty casual, OCBD maybe?.3) Any tips on cuffing? Should I do it with Vans? High? Low? Are seasons related to cuffing in this case?.4) Should I use no-show loafers socks? I'm fine with using them, I'm just asking so I know if there are better options or not..5) I've seen . picture here and I really liked this outfit. Is he using an OCBD? I have a hard time with names, can someone name exactly what kind of shoes he is using? .Thanks!
Hope I answered everything, if there's anything else let me know.
1) Outfit ideas/recommendations for stuff to go with .?.2) Are . MFA-friendly? Im convinced theyre too plain and just hideous for a college students style. If theyre worth wearing, how can I wear them?.3) I need casual leather shoes that arent CDBs, so Im very close to getting .. Thumbs up/down/recommend something cheaper or similarly priced? These are $90.
Navy Chinos can go well with just about anything. It's like Olive and Khaki in that regard..I wouldn't get them.Those mocs are nice
2) No. One of the most ugly shoes I've ever seen. Generally hybrid dress/casual slip ons are terrible. Please don't. All that extraneous stitching, the shape, that sole, that (likely) piss poor leather quality. .3) Blucher mocs and CDB's aren't really analogous in terms of style imo, being that one is a boot but yeah I like that pair. 
For the LL Bean get a discount card off of cardpool. Saves you a few dollars. They usually have a ton of LL Bean cards.

I completely concur with both. I wasn't assuming the mocs were similar in terms of style, but I don't have any other shoes to wear with shorts/rolled up chinos other than white canvas sneakers.
Blucher mocs are cool, look at gats, nike janoski, birks if your style is conducive, espadrilles maybe, bucs, leather low tops
Is urban outfitters ok to get a first pair of raw jeans from? I'm pretty sure they carry Unbranded and Levi raws. A friend works there and she can get me a discount.
Yes I see people recommend them a lot.
Is it acceptable to wear beefroll loafers withs socks if you're also wearing them with pants?
yes
How easy would it be to alter the chest and sleeve length of a peacoat for a tailor? Do you think it would run a high price?
Sleeves, easy. If the chest is too large, I'd be worried that the shoulders are too large too. But yes the chest can be taken in a bit, too.
If I'm a pretty casual fashion person that just wants to take pictures of myself looking sexy for the WAYWT threads and put them on dressed.so, what camera should I buy?
The most expensive you can find, of course.
Seriously though
i have no idea, why not just use your phone?
What would . go good with? Could they be a replacement for Clarks maybe?
These look more like a replacement for a vans style chukka than Clarks db
I see that as well. No harm in getting both!
Between not being especially tall and having a somewhat short torso, I always have trouble finding t-shirts that aren't too long. Any suggestions on brands? Or should I just hem them?
Best stores in Santa Monica?
theres a barneys coop there.and fred sigel
why would I buy boots, aesthetically speaking? .I can't wear them with shorts and I can find a similar version as a shoe.
It's mainly a preference thing, boots can keep you drier, warmer and IMO generally look better than normal shoes.
Do you exclusively wear shorts? 
maybe 30-40% of the time..That's why I was curious if boots would be a good investment. 
I'd say it depends where you are in building your wardrobe.  .If you wear shorts that often then right now I'd say boots shouldn't be your first priority. Then again, I have a few pairs of boots (including 1k miles) that just sit in my closet this time of year until the fall transition and I'm very glad I have them.   .So if your 30-40% shorts-wearing period is only a couple months in summer, then you might keep an eye out for boots you really love. Then look for a good deal on those boots. As usual, brown is very versatile and there are tons of guides and things about boots on mfa.
Can anyone recommend a driving moc?  I've been looking at the ., but was wondering if anyone has had good luck with anything else (preferably a little cheaper)
Tods are what a lot of people go to.
1) Can anyone recommend me some good pairs of black boots for a grunge/metalhead look? (I prefer boots that are not shiny).2) Is my shoes size the samefor boots (I don't own any boots, so excuse my stupidity)? I wear size 11 Vans Chukka lows and size 10.5 New Balance walking shoes.
Any price range for boots?
And most boots run large (I would say anywhere from .5-1.5 sizes larger). Order a size down unless you're wearing thick socks.
I have a belt that is about 6 inches of brown in the front around the buckle, and the rest is black. Does it match brown shoes or black shoes?
So it fades from black to brown? It doesn't match either, really.
Do I need to weather/rain proof my beeswax CDBs and Katahdins in preparation for the F/W rain? --what product do you recommend? .Can I wear my blucher mocs all year round? They are SOOO comfy.
1) Can anyone recommend me some good pairs of black boots for a grunge/metalhead look? (I prefer boots that are not shiny).2) Is my shoes size the samefor boots (I don't own any boots, so excuse my stupidity)? I wear size 11 Vans Chukka lows and size 10.5 New Balance walking shoes.
I usually wear a pretty dark outfit. Like black boots, grey chinos/dark denim, white/grey t-shirts..What color should my belt and watch be? Does it really matter? Can I have a brown strapped watch and a brown belt?
If you're wearing black leather boots, wear a black belt. Shoes and belt should match..I'm usually not a fan of mixing brown and black, it can look good if done correctly but I usually advise against it. Watch could be more of an "accent" by changing straps (a stainless, or colored NATO for example). If you're wearing black and grays, I wouldn't personally wear a brown strap watch.
That's what I assumed, but even for casual wear? I almost feel like I'd be wearing too much black if I had both my belt and my watch black.
Oh yea I agree. I mean it can work, but if you're wearing black shoes and belt, gray pants, and a white shirt, the brown watch band would be way out of place. You could get like a tri colored nato strap and use that as an accent piece if you're into that. Best I can come up with based on that outfit.
And plus you can dress in blacks, grays, and whites and still maintain a casual look.
Is it just still too early to buy a peacoat, or why can't I find one? BR doesn't have any, JCrew doesn't have any, BB has almost one, but it's ugly....Do I just wait?
Yep, still to early. I'd just wait. 
It's out of season. If you can afford BB look at Schott.
Wow, . is freaking great. Thanks. 
I'd look for a vintage peacoat rather than one from Schott, it'll be higher quality.
Still out of season of course so now might be the time to look for deep discounts online.
That was kinda the plan, but maybe I waited too long. Probably should've grabbed one in spring, because now they're just GONE. 
Is there some sort of protective film I can attach to the bottom of my CDBs so they won't turn black? I know they look better worn in and yadda yadda..
Crepe soles will blacken. It's impossible to prevent that
If you want to slip and break bones sure
You could get Clarks Bushacres if you want to avoid getting the sole dirty. Identical to the CDB but for a synthetic rubber sole which doesn't dirty as easily. .But I don't know that this issue is serious enough to warrant buying a new pair of boots. 
Does anyone know how the Filson x Levi's waxed trucker jackets compare to regular fit Levi's trucker jackets? I am a small in the regular fit Levi's trucker and want to know whether or not to size up. Unfortunately, Filson's website is little help.
Email both and ask. I'm sure measurements will be similar though.
Can white espadrilles look okay with rolled up jeans or are they pretty much strictly limited to shorts?
They can work with lighter washes of denim, they also work really well with rolled up chinos. 
Thanks!
Anybody have tips for making henley placket/collar/whatever... behave? I usually leave the buttons undone (maybe just the bottom one), and I like when both "sides" fold over a bit. However, on a lot of my henleys, one side lies flat against my chest and the other folds over, which I think looks weird. Am I thinking about this shit too much?.Here's a quick example of what I do want and don't want, obviously different types of shirts but you can get an idea:
Probably thinking about it too much.
should i get . or . or neither
I'm planning on going to a beach night party in a few days in Singapore (so it's relatively hot/humid).  I'm conflicted between either going in a red tank top or in a white light button down.  What do you guys think?
If you have mad guns then and it's a really casual party, tank top sure..A white linen or similar button down would be the safe bet.
My shirts bunch up at my waistline.  This happens all the time.  Is there anything i can to to keep this from happening?
Can you be a bit more specific? Pics?
I am an asian and my hair on the side keeps on growing outward (ie: sticking out like a Porcupine) instead of downward. Most of my Caucasian friends, they have hair that grows downward..How do I fix this? I don't want to get a haircut every week and not a big fan of gel (mostly because they don't really work and my hair will go back to its original shape in no time. I been told my roots are really strong)
Try different products; AC Fiber, paste wax, mousse. Try shampooing less or not at all. Try a really short haircut, or a longer one. Just try some different stuff.
You've got Asian hair. Cut it real short or put product in it. I've heard . is good for Asian hair.
The key for me is to get them cut really short. I get my hair cut at a length of 1 on the sides, and scissors on the top. I then style the top with mousse and paste. It looks great for about 2 weeks then the sides start to get long. I usually go in by the end of the third week
At 5'9" 127 pounds, should I go with a 36R or a 36S? .Is it just a matter of personal preference?
It's more a matter of your body's proportions. Long arms and torso? go with 36R. Short arms and torso? 36S. .Trying on jackets of differing sizes is going to give you the best answer. 
Put a jacket on. Hold your arms by your sides. Curl your fingers up to touch your palm, and when you do make them go around the hem of your jacket (almost like your grabbing it)..If you can't do this, the jacket is too short. If when you do it the jacket hits your fingers between the first two joints (i.e. you're grabbing a lot of jacket) it's too long. If it's somewhere in between it's good..That length check applies to about 98% of males.
Quality varsity jacket for ~$200-300?
colorway?.you can get a used toj around that range if you search sufu/sf bst
What brands/styles of pants fit like the dockers slim alpha khaki?
What are you looking for, jeans, dress trou? I've found Gap slim lived in fit pretty similarly. Epaulet Rivet chino is supposed to have a slimar fit.
Should I buy a pair of black or grey denim? I have some dark dark indigo of the same cut (levi's 508), which do you guys think will be more versatile.  My shoes are brown CDBs, grey vans, and olive converses, if that gives any idea as far as pairing goes.
Black denim is only good with black shoes imo, and I rarely see grey denim look good. I'd just stick with your indigo pair, maybe a get a pair of chinos or put the money into a rawdenim fund.
black denim goes with a ton of shoes, in all colorways. it can even go with brown boots depending on the context of your clothing.its definitely versatile if you know what you're doing
What. Black denim + white shoes is classic. 
Just an opinion. He also doesn't have a pair of white shoes. 
Grey over black. Also consider a lighter blue wash, especially for summer
wondering if any of you guys have ever used the website . and if you have what do you think of their clothes and is the sizing for their stuff any different than other stores. Like would a medium in j-crew be a medium here.
Mail order H&M. Overpriced, underquality. Avoid.
Alright thanks!
Which Copper River bag is nicer? .
 or .Disregard the size of each bag. I'm about to graduate university and am entering the corporate world soon. 
First is best for corporate in my opinion. Less detailing the better.
Is there a button down that's SLIGHTLY larger than a J crew small? I thought I was psyched to finally find one that fits perfectly, but it's just a tiny bit tight around the chest.
I can confirm what the other commenter said. In my experience, factory shirts are just slightly looser. It would never make a person order a size down or anything, but if you're looking for a smidge more wiggle room that might be the way to go for you.  
J Crew Factory's shirts supposedly (no personal experience with this, just internet hearsay) are cut a bit larger/looser than shirts from mainline J Crew. You could try that, although I don't know whether the lower quality is an issue for you. 
How can I quickly fade bright pants without having them shrink in the inseam? Anything other than washing on cold with a little bleach and drying in the sun?
define bright pants. Chinos? Jeans? What?
100% cotton chinos, sorry for not being specific.
I'm a sizer 42 and have some dark indigo jeans sized 44 I'd really like to keep using (dropped the extra weight).If I put them on hard heat, will they diminish enough? What about the colour, will it go?
They will shrink a bit but probably not a full size.
ttp://.Only Black and Tan available in my size 7. Which color would be more versatile? Thanks!
Tan. However, I will warn you that the condition of those boots may be bad because they are returns from last month's fire sale.
Neither of the colors are that versatile. Black is what you would wear only with black pants and tan isn/t very good shoe color. I would try and find an alternative in brown. I'm sure there is a good RW sale somewhere. If not, If you can't find anything on sale I'd recommend LLBean Katahdins for that same price.
What is the thigh and calf measurements for size 28 or 29 waist dockers alphas?
I can tell you tomorrow
Alright, that would be a great help. Thanks.
What do you think of . both as individual pieces and part of an outfit. .I'd be wearing them with a navy blazer, blue OCBD, and khaki pants almost identical to ., minus the cufflinks. .The occasion is a banquet for a college organization I'm a part of. It's not going to be a very serious occasion and they've been vague about the formality so there will people wearing everything from polo shirts to black suits. Also, the president of our school is known for wearing bowties and he's a pretty cool guy so they're a little more in fashion around here, albeit in a slightly ironic way. .I've never worn a pocket square before. They can both be returned if necessary. Also, Steinmart kicks ass. 
I think the tie is very bright, and should be toned down a bit, especially with the outfit you're describing. Maybe a casual knit tie?
Is it just too saturated for how toned down everything else is?
Consider a more summery tie imo. Something like a pale blue, pink, etc. Bow ties are supposed to be fun and carefree, and the colors should reflect that. The only exception to this rule imo is the classic blue and red repp stripe bowtie with a seersucker suit (or with a navy blazer, if you'd like to go that route).
In my opinion, yes. 
Why do some of my Levi's not have the leather patch on the back?
Levi's makes many different levels of pant, the department store ones are the cheapest and have the lowest quality fabric and construction that the Levi's found in Levi's stores, which are in turn lower quality than Levi's Vintange Company, and Levi's Made and Crafted. AFAIK, only LVC and LM&C have the nice leather patches, but I could definitely be wrong on that one. 
Pics? You sure they're Levi's?
I have a pair of 501 STF from Levis.com that have a shitty paper patch instead of leather
mainline levi's has been using cardboard patches for years
 some pics. For some reason Imgur won't upload all 12 pictures I took. They're 511 Slim Fit.
Those are some real weird 511's, the snaps to tighten the waist are something I personally haven't seen before.
I've never seen anything like them. But they were only $25 at Ross (outlet type store) and they're super comfortable and fit like a dream.
I dunno. . is straight from .. Which matches what I got when I ordered it from there ~6 months ago.
can you wear an anorak during F/W on a rainy day by itself or as a layer?
If it's warm enough, you can wear it with just a tee
What type of shoes can I get to look ok with shorts? anything on asos?
Plimsoles/low-top trainers, suede bucks, boat shoes, espadrilles, loafers, some derbies
Plimsoles look good with shorts. Asos has a bunch.
What colors of what clothes should I buy first? Like what color T-shirts, OCBD, shoes, etc. so that I can have a versatile wardrobe. 
Gray, navy, white, earth tones are all pretty safe, versatile choices. Light blue or white OCBDs are a classic. For tees, the above mentioned colors are fine. Aside from jeans, tan, olive, and gray are good choices for chino pants. White or gray sneakers. Maybe some brown boots. 
Awesome, thank you, just the answer I wanted. What about for jackets, coats, hoodies etc. Same colors?
Yep. For outerwear, you can't really go wrong with navy, gray, and earth tones. 
Is anyone up for proxying a 32oz bottle of Venetian shoe cream from amazon to australia? I can tip and all that
Thoughts on . bad boys? Cheaper alternatives, suggestions, feedback?
I don't think those would work with every face and style, but without seeing them on you (or a picture of your face) there's no way to tell. 
Those look great but before buying something like persols try them on in a store since they might not look good on your face. 
Where in stores can I buy a nice pair of dress shoes? I'm in Canada by the way
Ingledews, Harry Rosen, Brooks Brothers.
In general, how do t-shirts with buttons at the neck rank on the fashion scale? Is a specific body type needed?
Are you talking about henleys? If so they're great. They look better on more athletic builds. 
Everything looks better on more athletic builds..Except for winter stuff..This is why the fashion world loves winter.
Just a short sleeve Henley.  No requirements.
Looking for a middle-of-the-road quality chukka boot, thinking about the RW Beckman chukka, anyone have any experience with it or thoughts on the subject?
Still on the hunt for a nice maroon anorak.  I know LLBean has a red one, but i swear I saw a really rich maroon one I can no longer find..Anyone have one they can recommend?
H+M have one with a navy Panel on top.
Can you wear white shoes with a cream shirt and olive cargos rolled up? It looks off to me
it's fine.
Provided it all fits properly that exact outfit is pretty much "mfa uniform 3.0" 
3.1, it's the most recent update. Now with cargos and cream.
they were always cargos
Cheap as fuck skinny black jeans that aren't Uniqlo?
Topman, Asos, Cheap Monday thats all I know (or think) would be available in Norway.
If we're talking REALLY SKINNY, cheap monday is good. . is one place to buy them, but I know I've definitely seen them cheaper in other places.
levis 510/511?
Levi's are actually kinda expensive here in Norway tho
oh, no idea for you Scandinavians. 
defs h&m
Second Cheap Monday. Got a pair on sale back in 2011 in Berlin for like 10. Pretty comfortable and still holding up well after 2 years
Acne
how the hell do i go about picking what i want from rancourt? I tried their made to fit program, and know my size, but there are so many options... in other words, any suggestions (other than the beefroll)?
I have the Ranger Mocs in natural chromexcel and their camp mocs in brown with a red sole and nickel eyelets. 
I have ranger mocs and love them.
Who else makes sport coats like this RRL one? 
I was looking at that the other day. Looks so good. Can't help you on similar items though.
Where can I find light wash jeans that don't look like mom jeans? Something similar to . or 
I bought some from the Gap in their straight fit. The color is called Atlantic Bleach. I don't see them on their website now but they had them in store today. 
Sweet, thanks
American Eagle, Levi's "sung blue" wash.
No offense, but no matter how hard you try, you'll never be as cool as Kanye West.  
hey man I can make a plain white t-shirt with my name on the inside... out of Egyptian cotton.
You know what? I can make a black one too.
I should really do a collab with a designer brand
Lol, yeah, I know that. Nobody can.
What's a good reliable vendor to buy rawhide laces for shoes?
Are rawhide laces for shoes generally considered more appealing to the eyes?
I'm no expert but I think its more of a personal preference; they provide some more contrast on certain shoes and definitely have a more interesting and unique look to them than your standard laces
im in the market for these and will probabaly just buy off amazon.
I wanted to buy some Levi 501's on Amazon because the stores around me are way too expensive, except most of the recent reviews are negative. They're saying that the denim is thinner and the quality is worse. These are the one of the first nice pair of jeans I'm trying to buy, so I'm just wondering if I should pick these up or try to find something else.
You gotta understand that 501's are close to the most classic fit ever.  So many grandpas and dads have been buying them every 10 years for life.  So they might have a chip on their shoulder about not getting the 1960-70s jeans they remember.  Levis are the best entry level jeans, if you want to step it up get Unbranded's for $82.
Does Neverwet have any bad side effects if you spray it on shoes? (suede shoes, canvas vans, boat shoes, but no leather shoes)
I am pretty sure it is meant to be sprayed to a solid surface.  Meaning it'll crack and break up on clothes and shoes as they flex and move around.  But I think they say it can be sprayed onto canvas, so vans maybe?
It gives dark colors a whitish milky/chalky looking covering when it dries (only on things like fabric -- I don't think it does this on hard construction materials)..I generally wouldn't recommend it on suede -- suede is still leather and I feel like it might get messed up by the stuff. It looks fine on white canvas, though. . of my NeverWet white Vans when this question came up before.
do your shoes feel any different?
The canvas gets kind of a starchy texture to it on the outside (I didn't spray the insides, naturally), but they are still perfectly comfortable to wear with or without socks.
Is a denim jacket OK for high school?
Why not?
avoid sharpie on the back and always remember, haters gonna hate. 
A good hater is a precious commodity. It validates your choices.
And if you don't have haters, you aren't trying
One of my favorite quotes: "Life's not worth living if you're not crossing somebody else's lines."
people will call you cowboy a bunch but yea
I've never read a statement with so much truth to it, with so few words.
I'm looking to purchase my first 5 panel. This caught my eye at a store... is it too simple?? What could I wear with it? I don't really want a super loud colour pattern, but I would appreciate input on this hat and maybe some suggestions! Thanks!
Entree has mostly patterned but some of them . are more simple
my suggestions for where to look at 5 panels (there are plain and print ones for your choice).supreme (these might get pricey depending on the hype), norse projects, the quiet life, mishka, ripndip
Simple makes things a lot easier to work with. I really like the . caps. . also makes nice ones, as does ..I'm sure ther are a few others but I can't think of them off the top of my head. 
These all look nice, but I'm looking for more of a 5 panel style as opposed to the baseball cap look. Thank you for your suggestion! 
Ideal Caps and Archival Clothing both make nice 5 panels. Cheers. 
i'm 5' 7" and relatively skinny ( i have started working out but im not exactly ripped or huge by any stretch of the imagination, although my muscles appear toned/cut or whatever, but im still what i would consider skinny ) and i want to start wearing polo shirts but all of the examples i see of well fitting polos are on dudes with huge biceps etc. should i get polos that arent' as tight fitting as . ( i know its a mannequinn but you get the idea ) ? or just try to avoid them until im bigger to fit well enough into them. .PS this doesnt just apply to polo shirts now that i think of it. t shirts in general usually seem cut for men who are bigger muscle-wise than i am, how should this affect the type of shirts i wear? 
If you're skinny, getting a skin tight polo is just going to exacerbate the issue. However, you can still try to wear a fitted polo. Make sure the length isn't too long, make sure the sleeves end ~ halfway up your bicep etc. 
yea and ive looked into those but the problem i keep finding is that the bicep area is usually tight  which shows off skinny biceps while the chest / stomach area is loose enough to appear baggy
I've got the same issue, but I wear Lacoste polos, size 3.  They fit perfect.  Whatever you do, though, do not put them in the dryer !  
This is a good rule to follow for any nice shirt, honestly.
I agree, but especially so with Lacoste polos, but once those things go in the dryer, they are as good as a rag to clean the house with.  I've learned my lesson the hard way.  .Polos are typically the "nicest" item of clothing I will put in the dryer.  
How are the Copper River Messenger bags? I'm looking for a leather messenger bag for under 150.
They used to have bleeding issues, and I'm still not sure if they've all been resolved.
I saw the head of the company posted here that its been solved.
I've heard it's taking a little long to get replacement bags for those who had problems. But I think it probably has been solved, yes. They're pretty decent quality bags.
I actually for my replacement a couple weeks ago finally. I'm planning on making a full review post but I ended up exchanging it for a different color so it will be a little while still.  .I can say the quality seemed bounds ahead of where it was with my original bag in every way. 
I want to buy . but i am having trouble to figure out what color shoes i would wear with them. Any suggestions? Is white the only color that works?
Pretty much any color besides blue, haha.
White, brown, olive, light yellow, tan, dark brown. Lots of options.
I just got a pair of suede Nike Blazers. Any tips for taking care of them? I've never had suede sneakers.
They're sneakers, not really for babying but i think you can get magic erasers for cleaning suede if you want
I spray my suede down with water proofing stuff (found in shoe stores everywhere) and let them dry for a day..Suede is pretty easy to take care of. You can use a suede brush now and again if you want, and since it's not a completely uniform material it's pretty easy to cover up blemishes or marks.
How long does it take for raw denim to fade to look similar to .. These are A.P.C.
depends on how hard they are worn.  Anywhere from 6-8 months.
I'm also wondering. I've had levis 511 rigid dragon's for 6 months or so, wearing them pretty frequently and still limited fading. I'm guessing it's because all I do is wear them walking to class and sitting around.
That's a large part of it. They're also washed (only once) so that inhibits it a bit too..FWIW mine took about a year to fade okay, still not the level of OP.
depends how often you wash
Rigid Dragons aren't raw.
doesn't mean they don't fade 
They are raw. 
Where can I find short sleeve henleys? Preferably some navy or gray ones. I've been looking everywhere, so far I only found some from Jcrew and Norse both of which are sold out. 
 might be helpful
uniqlo i think might still be $10
Target 
Which ones?  I was just at my local target because I needed some swimming trunks, and decided to try on some henleys, but the fit was very weird in the body.  Also, sizing was way off, first time I tried on a medium since middle school
Did you try on the merona or mossimo ones? The mossimo ones have a better fit
I've been looking for mossimo ones forever but haven't seen any at my target. I have some long sleeve ones that fit pretty nicely.
yeah what Target has really varies from store to store, you could buy them online
I saw some at Target today.  
Wings+Horns has some excellent ones, I just got a long sleeve one that I'm already really liking.
I get Old Navy ones, which are pretty much their shirts with buttons. It's perfect for the summer because it will keep you cool and you don't have to worry about it getting dirty when you go to the beach or whatnot during the summer because they're like 8 bucks or something.
How's the fit?
The marled henleys fit well. The sleeves stick close to the arm, the body is slim. I wear a Medium at 6'0 185lbs.
Goddammit. I just ordered a few of . instead, hopefully they fit similarly. I was turned off from the marled ones because it says the fit is "relaxed," the ones I bought say fitted through the body. Might just be semantics, time will tell.
The vintage henleys have too loose of a fit. Compared to the marled, they have loose sleeves and body. I didn't like them. Plus the colors are much more vibrant than the photos. The heather read is more of an orange imo
Wow, totally opposite of what I thought. I'll see if I can change my order.
Well, what's your height and weight?
5'10, 150lb, fairly athletic build. I wear a small and prefer a pretty slim fit.
Sorry I couldn't get one with my arms by my side, but yeah. Just in case you wanted a visual on how it fit.

If you're cool with waiting two weeks on shipping to the USA . are super comfortable 
UNIQLO was having a sale on theirs not long ago; don't know how stock is online though..H&M also still has some
Check out the Banana Republic ones, I got 2 and I love them.
Merz B Shwanen has a couple nice short sleeve ones, as does The Real McCoy.
Any info on these button-ups that Alex O'Loughlin wears on Hawaii Five-O? Brand? Where I can find them?  Here are some pictures: 

Just got a job as a construction worker and want appropriate beat-em-ups. I was thinking boots, maybe Iron Rangers; any ideas?.So far, I have in my arsenal RW Beckmans in Black Cherry (that I don't want to beat up until I can get fancy shoes) and will one day own Beeswax CDBs; shoe/color suggestions welcome!.EDIT: so it seems the popular opinion is to just get boots that'll protect my toes, aesthetics be damned. Sounds reasonable. If it helps, I'll be in construction sites doing any and all things related to installing glass; includes working with steel, steel shards/dust, silicone, mallets and rubber..EDIT2: ordered Wolverine Plainsman, thanks everyone!
ITT: a bunch of dudes who work inside on computers all day afraid of the idea of using work boots for actual work
I would just get a cheapish pair of actual work boots. You don't want to worry about getting paint or concrete or whatever on your shoes. Plus steeltoes are mandatory on a lot of sites, which is not something you will want for casual wear. I suspect boots actually made for construction will be more comfortable too. Also you'll need a lug sole, which rules out the IRs.
Get some cheap steel toe caps. You'll ruin them anyway.
Get good steels and make sure there's armor under the heel as well, in case you step on a board with a nail..Must be comfortable, ventilate well. Thats primary as you'll be living in it..Bring your other shoes to work and exchange them..Nothing you wear on site will be good for anything after a week, 2 tops.
If I were you, I'd get the Chippewas in ST to save some money, because in construction your boots are going to get beat to shit in hours anyway. Like IR or anything that costs that much is a waste imo, but then again, it can depend on what kind of construction you are doing
L.l. bean katahdins for a frugal option. 
Definitely considering them, though Iron Rangers + Amazon 20% drops them to about the same price
Amazon 20% off? Where?
sign up for their shoe e-mails.
Why didn't I know this before. ;(
Dude, you've absolutely gotta have steel toe boots for this situation and don't think about fashion. My brother and father have both worked in construction, if your boots aren't up to safety requirements you can sent home from the site. You need to make sure they're up to snuff and shit like Iron Rangers and the like absolutely aren't. They're great shoes, but they're more based on the heritage and history of workwear, they're not at all appropriate for a modern working environment. Get safe boots man. 
 .Great construction (mine have lasted 5 years now), decent price and plenty of looks that will work with both work and play. 
Blundstones are pretty classic workman's boots, and you can get steel toe versions that aren't horrendous... I wouldn't wear them to a restaurant though!
Best (thicker) white tee ?
Flat Head and Strike Gold are absolutely incredible. I just pulled the trigger on a white Strike Gold tee. 
Goodwear and American Giant have heavyweight tees.
The Flat Head, Strike Gold, Real Mccoy, Velva Sheen, Iron Heart. A few others. Strike gold is loopwheeled and they have solid white and black so that might be your best bet. Real Mccoy and Velva sheen are AFAIK tubular knit but not loopwheeled and you can't find TFH in the US without a pattern. 
Flat Head is at Self Edge without a pattern, but a lot of sizes are out of stock, and they won't be restocking until Oct. 1 for the gray ones at least. 
Kirkland tshirts
Damn it Costco why do you have everything.
Was bummed they don't have V's. And my costco doesn't sell any smalls. Weak.
Are they really that good?
I really like them. Generously thicker tshirt (I'll weigh them when I'm back home). Very soft combed cotton. And a pack of 6 tshirts for $20!
Where is a good place to get slim fitting v-necks for pretty cheap besides target? I have somewhat broad shoulders for my height (5'7/8), so the problem I have with target is that their small fits great, but is too tight on the shoulders. The medium is too long/slightly baggy overall..I'm looking for someplace where the V is not too deep, similar to how the Target shirts are.
uniqlo?
Not being able to try it on is a bit of a pain. I'll take some measurements and give that a shot though, thanks!.Still open to other suggestions.
I'm in the exact same boat you are. Target smalls are a little tight on me (5'10, 39" chest) but mediums are way too baggy. I'm going to try 3 or 4 of the uniqlo packaged tees (since they're cheap) probably in the next week or so. If you'd like I can PM you a fit shot afterwards, depending on when you were planning on buying.
Yeah, I'd really appreciate that. Thanks!
Alrighty I RES saved you so I'd remember. Like I said it may be a couple weeks or so before I get around to getting them in just fyi.
Cool, thanks.
Outlets: gap outlet, BR outlet, j crew factory sometimes..Apparently Costco too. 
Are Timberland's boat shoes good quality? I see Sperry and Sebago toted around her a lot, but never Timberland even though they are in a similar price range.
They aren't bad. Sperry and Sebago are more highly regarded because they are the originals
Posted this earlier for a fit check... but I got conflicting feedback. .Thought I'd have another go at this.. .Thanks! 
I'm not sure how I feel about that shirt in general; I like the color, and the fit seems right, but that collar....Shorts are okay too, but they can be slimmer..I like shoes in my fits, but that's definitely personal taste
Thanks. And I agree with the collar issue. I was trying a boys XL to see how the fit would go..For shoes, would a wingtip buck be appropriate if I wore chinos?
Shirt looks too big in the midsection, enough that tucking would be a problem, and I would prefer the shorts a tad bit shorter. Overall The colors are fine the fit is a little off though. 
Shorts are too baggy and too long. 
cool thanks
Look good but your shorts should probably be shorter (cuff them or get them hemmed). You might want to wear some shoes with this tho.
Cool. Shoes are a mild concern. If I wore chinos with a linen shirt, would wingtip bucks be an appropriate shoe?
Any pics of those wingtip bucks? I'm usually not a fan of shoe hybrids.
yep. these are my options for chinos.edit: the grey buck was my first option... but i thought id add a few more for variety since im getting feedback
Those are nice I thought you said like normal bucks but with broguing on them. These are casual wingtips btw not wingtip bucks. Be sure you have laces in them tho.
I am not that big of a guy (5'10", 175). I used to be larger and have bad genes. I have some pretty bad stretch marks across by shoulders and into my arms. Should I forever swear off tank tops? how big of a turnoff are they?
as someone who has the same thing just don't worry about it man, wear tanks if your in decent shape.
He doesn't even really have to be in good shape, just not fat really.
chances are no one will really notice them
Chelsea boots (RM Williams) with a business suit? yes/no?
yeah, im pretty sure they would work. They're wholecut, right?
Yeah, it's pretty common where I am (Australia). If you like the look (I personally don't), go for it. 
This. It's very regionally dependent..Source: I live in the South and will see people wearing chelsea / wellington boots with suits semi-regularly in the fall / winter.
Is . shorter pants adding height? .If so, is it doing the same affect when . not wearing boots ?
I don't like the shoes in either fit, so it's hard for me to give an honest opinion. he does look stumpy though
No, it shortens the appearance of the legs but he's also wearing high-rise pants to even it out.
he's actually a midget, I've been trying to figure out why I initially thought he was tall. I wouldn't think he'd wear short pants to make him look shorter..Granted, he's looking more stumpy now that I know his height though.
Who is he?
It's Nick Wooster
Thanks!
Looks better with boots than without for sure.
I agree but I don't think the second one is a good picture in general.I got a different one. Imma change it.
Really? I was thinking the exact opposite.
Where do you guys get your Nantucket reds?.Also any good places for just khaki pants? I have heard good things from both Bill's and Jack Donnelly's..How has the quality of Barbour been in the last few years?.And just for the sake of anyone's opinion: How do you feel about people wearing scarves as a fashion piece and not necessarily for function?
J Crew Urban Slims are magical pants. I love them. They run a bit long imo which is good since 32/30s are usually too short for me. Don't let the name deceive you, they're not really that slim. Very modest taper. If you want a true slim fit then get their 484..I know people that swear by Bills. Just remember they make some really bad fitting stuff too, to sell to that demographic. Get their slimmer items.
Don't the Bill's come unhemmed?
From what I understand the general rule is if its decently cold/there is a wind chill, you can wear a scarf. Otherwise, don't.
hemmed != slim. When I say slim I'm talking about the fit in the thigh and leg, not the actual length. Length is a matter of personal preference really. Some people like a longer length so they can cuff / roll / have a havy break, some people like to all but flood their pants (gives a preppier vibe).
Oh I know this. That was just a general question! But yeah I think I'm looking for a more slim straight preppy look. .Do you have any suggestions for Nantucket Reds? Just Jcrew?
Urban Slims are pretty much a slim straight with a very slight taper honestly. Like I said, it's a misleading name. They're a . slimmer in the lower leg but in a good way  honestly..Murray's pretty much created the nantucket reds, but imo their stuff doesn't fit very great. Brooks Brothers Milano is a good call.
Thanks!
How "skinny" are . I wear a 32 and I want to order but I don't want them to be mega skinny, want a nice 511 fit. 
There's a measurement chart on the site you linked.  Compare it to your 511s. 
You should be fine with the 101s... For some reason I couldn't get 511s to fit properly (too tight in the crotch and thighs always) so I went with 201s and I couldn't be happier. Also the dude who said all 511s fit differently is correct (in my experience) so take people's "they fit like 511s" advice with that in mind.
I feel like all of my 511's fit slightly differently, but my 101s (after being worn in) well slightly larger than 511's, but they should stretch and fit to your legs. I wouldn't worry about it.
Measure your best fitting jeans, compare to size chart on the website.
The sizing is on the page you linked. They aren't that skinny. 
Thanks, I get a bit odd at night and miss things. Just purchased.
Perfect. Answer I was looking for. 
Why is it so hard to find 7" shorts these days?  The J Crew Essentials, Gap 8" shorts, and Bonobos are all out of stock.  Any advice?
Express photographers come in a 7" inseam and have a nice fit overall. They're definitely vanity sized though so size down in the waist.
I have the same problem brother. Esp. having a 30" waist. My size goes quick
h&m has some afaik
You could buy some 9" or 11" ones then get them tailored. 
I thought about the same thing and pulled the trigger on some J crew 11' to get them right now but upon investigation I found out that the crotch was lower and that they were baggier. I guess I'll just buy some cheap beaters and I'll get some 7' stanton for next season!
Where can I find a great varsity jacket that will keep me warm and still look hella good? 
price range and colorway?.toj is shutting down but you might be able to scour sufu and sf b/s/t.if your price range is viable A.P.C. has one in their f/w 2013 collection..cheaper ones, i think you might find at zara or h&m come fall.edit: oh yeah, cheaper ones you can also find at topman and asos
Sorry for stupid questions, but could you define sufu and sf b/s/t or just explain it? 
no, no, please don't think it's a stupid question. it's perfectly fine, and this thread is perfect for it..sufu is . and sf is .. These are other internet fashion boards, and have specific subforums where users buy, sell, and trade (hence b/s/t) clothing. The superfuture one is . and the styleforum one is .. You can browse the items that other users have currently put up for sale. I recommend if you are looking for a varsity (TOJ in specific), you probably want to look for something along the lines of a TOJ0 or TOJ1 model.
I've got to take my jcrew peacoat into a tailor before I go back to school next month to fix a hanging button and reattach one of the buttons near the collar. I'm just wondering if I should ask them to secure all the other buttons as well to make sure it doesn't happen again and I'm just curious how much this usually costs..Also, I need some no show socks. My sweaty ass can't do sockless, even with gold bond powder. Where can I get a bunch for cheap?
My Jcrew peacoat had buttons come off too. WTF, I expected better from them.
Journeys does them cheap. The Black ones are oos right now. Keep checking though.
They are cheap but I found they can slip, particularly if the fit isn't snug. Heard great things about the ninja socks as well, no personal experience.
I've heard great things about ninja socks, despite never having owned a pair
I have a few pairs, they're great. Silicon heel pad actually prevents slipping, surprisingly. I do have . pair of shoes that are too low to wear them with though (a tiny bit of sock peaks out), but I find myself going sockless more than half the time anyway.
Plus one for the ninja socks. I have some and prefer them to the ones from Journeys. 
should only cost a couple of bucks to have the buttons re-attached
Thanks, this looks perfect. I'll probably grab 2 things of the black when they are back in stock.
Where can a I find a barbourish coat like . from Levi's.  looking for something $150 or less
A bit more than your price range... but maybe check other places for sales?
This one is sorta kinda similar, except for the collar part, but for a good throw-around jacket and way under your price range you may be interested.
Thanks for the link.  I was looking at possibly waxing a similar chore jacket for a similar effect. 
The coat he linked is not insulated and not very warm but the company makes lined ones as well. 
Thanks a ton for the link.  I might have to shell out for one of those come fall time
alternatively, they're a pretty popular piece, so I wouldn't be surprised if they showed up on ebay and the like every once in a while. keep an eye out.
How often does Allen Edmonds go on sale? I'm coveting some Fifth Avenue in Walnut, but for $345...Damn. Or any cheaper alternatives?.Or should I just bite the bullet?
At least once a year most models will go below $250. Check Frugalmalefashion and expensivemalefashion and you should see them come up sooner or later. 
Yes there are alternatives. .Nordstrom anniversary sale has allen edmonds (maybe not in walnut) for about 229. AE stores will also price match this..If you don't mind seconds with minor defects, I believe theres a factory sale coming up in September. That'll be in the range of 170..Otherwise, you can call up the AE factory now and get seconds for about 200 in the color you want.
Oh wow, awesome. Thanks man.
Nordstrom has walnut Strands and black Park Avenues on sale, but no Fifth Avenues, as far as I know. 
What are appropriate situations to use insoles? Like say you buy a boot about a .5 size too big but you believe your foot will continue to grow, would an insole make up for the slight roominess of the boot? What kind am I looking for?
I did this with my wolverine 1000 miles. They were a half size too big until a put my inserts in them. Now they fit perfectly and are more comfortable.
Which insoles did you use?
I'm honestly not sure as I am at work at the moment and I bought them from the pharmacy store about 3 years ago. I can tell you that they are a thin soft foam insert with a plastic arch support and didn't cost more than $15. Sometimes you can take the inserts out of the packaging at the store to get a better look at them. That's what I would do.
That's good enough for me, thanks man!
I have somewhat high arches so I use insoles on walking boots and any athletic shoes without proper support.  
Yeah it would help with that, you'd probably be wanting the gel ones as opposed to the support/sporting ones if you just want to take up some space. Also thick socks. 
Any specific suggestions? And yea thick socks for sure during f/w.
Im from australia and just pick them up from any sport stores, target, kmart, shoe stores. I cant really help you sorry
Does it further stretch the shoe, if it was already loose under "normal circumstances" like your typical pair of socks?
The insole or the socks? I guess it doesn't matter because neither is going to stretch the shoe if they're already loose. Shoes only stretch a little (depending on the material) if there's significant pressure making it want to do so.
Its alright dude, I appreciate the help!
Quilted Jackets for  <$200?
If you are a Small / X-Small, I've got an olive one that is barely used, with a lot of tailoring done on it to slim it down. Doesn't fit my style anymore
I'm interested, do you have any other details?
I'm sure LL Bean, Orvis, lands End will have some.

Where can I get that in Olive in the United States? 

I just got a pair of new wayfarers, and I'm not sure if I should keep them. I think they look alright, but the lenses kind of touch my cheeks (small nose bridge, high cheekbones). For $110 I don't want to compromise, but I don't know if I will find anything better. Thoughts?
They're sitting too low (the bridge is too high for your face). Look for some frames that center your eyes in the lenses (right now it looks like they're pretty close to the top)..You also have a rounded face, look into getting more angular/rectangular glasses.
they look good
Take a picture with a relaxed face and without raised eyebrows.
Doesn't look the greatest to be honest. If you have a Costco membership, you can get it for cheaper. 
Already relaxed and not raised in that picture... bad fit?
I'm no expert but I can't say they look good on you.  I would go to Sunglass Hut or where ever and tray on a bunch you like and take pictures.  The classic wayfarer might be better suited.
How do you guys feel about .? Do they seem like a decent alternative to Vans or Converse as a beater shoe?
They're pretty decent, I prefer the adidas busenitz vulc and adidas skateboarding line though.
Has anyone owned Unbranded skinny fit or Unbranded tapered fit denim?.I usually wear 29x30... 30x30 or 30x32 and I'm just curious what's gonna fit me better (For reference, I love the fit of Levi's 510's and Nudies Grim Tim's)..Also, why are all those inseams 36 inches? Is that just so you could 'cut to fit?' 
If you like 510s then the Unbranded Tapers are going to be way to wide for you. I prefer 508s and UB tapered barely cuts it. As far as sizing, measure your best fitting pair and compare it to the size charts on Blue Owl. Thats what I did, and it was dead accurate. Great customer service from there too.
Skinny fit is closer to the 511. I'd spend a little bit more and get n&f super skinny guys which would have a similiar fit to the 510.
Awesome man thanks a whole lot! 
Thanks a lot dude I'll have to check those out as well! 
Raws usually have a 36 inseam.  For N&F I know skinny guys are pretty much like 511's, not sure if the Unbranded follow the same rule.
Awesome, thanks! I'll check out some N&F as well, Unbranded is just really appealing to me because of the price right now.
Sorry I forgot to mention Unbranded is just the lower line of Naked and Famous.  That's why I was making that comparison.
Could someone link me to the best slim khaki chino pants for its price?  I've been looking forever for Uniqlo's but just can't seem to find them.
Uniqlo ones are 
Are alphas too large in the thigh for you? I know they're more tapered than slim.
Alphas are pretty good for the price honestly. I have two pairs and love them
I just ordered a couple off amazon to try myself. Everything I read said size up one in the waist, so I did that..I also ordered some of their "modern khakis" to compare them with. I may make a post showing the two if there's interest.
I think you're going to regret ordering one size up in the waist. Alphas stretch a decent amount so if they fit you perfectly when you buy them, they likely will be a bit too big in a few weeks.
I have Amazon Prime so I ordered about 6 different pairs of dockers to try on and compare to my tastes before I actually "buy" anything, if that makes sense.
What is the best first pair of shoes that go with jeans and dull color chinos like khaki and gray? I've been looking at converse and vans lately and can't decide. .Edit: and best color 
MFA's favourite Clarks Desert Boot in Beeswax?
Not too familiar with these but I looked them up and I like the look. Is there any retailers that sell them in stores so I can try them on or solely online?
What country are you in? Don't Clarks have a tonne of stores in the US? Lots of sizing advice online if you can't find them in shops. 
Or maybe MFA favorite, white vans.
I prefer white Jack Purcells honestly.
idk, I think his short pants make him look stumpy
Best parka in the ~$200 price range that will keep me warm in Wisconsin and still look good?
On Wisconsin

Yea I've loved it since I saw it in whatever thread that was, but I haven't been able to find it anywhere for less than $700
Well, then you're in luck. It's ~$300
Hipster model guy doesn't even smile.  Doesn't look very fun to wear.
Where at though? Can you link me? Cause I haven't been able to find anything around that price.
The link I provided sells its for 199.99 pounds and that converted is like $303. They ship internationally and they have s, m and xl sizes available
Is that the only one you found that price on? Cause I won't have the money for a lil while and I'm a large.
Large in parka size?
Should be, I'm a large in my Dunderton Parka, plus I'll want to be able to layer under it.
Sorry man, I looked for a Large, but the only Large I see is the one in Sand.

Oof, that's Euros
That's a Filson x Levi's jacket. Don't know if they're still in stock on filson's website but if I remember correctly they were more than $150.
I'd highly recommend the .. They're affordable, goodyear welted, have horoween predator uppers, a solid lugged sole, and a steel toe. They aren't nearly as sleek as the boots you've mentioned, but they're serious work boots and amazingly well priced for the quality.
I just ordered a pair; thanks man!
I'm looking for an olive fishtail parka. Budget is tops $400-ish. I'll also just take general ideas as to what materials to look for, construction, brands, and whatnot.
i don't know your size but if you're lucky you might find . acceptable. they only have S and L left I think
Only M and XL left. Would have been perfect because of the slim fit but I'm a small. :'(
I dont really think . fits your criteria but i thought i'd put it up in case anyone else was looking.
Beautiful. I also wanted to know what I should look for in a fishtail. So, thanks.
Yeah I have this, it's nice and fits pretty slim.Edit: for a fishtail
1) pretty versatile, just avoid blue shoes and shirts with it.2) no, they're hideous, sorry man.3) those mocs look pretty good
It's alright about the shoes, they were handed down to me...off to Goodwill they go...
yes
This might be a case of attractive man syndrome, but that's one of the few times I've liked the open button-up over t-shirt look. The shirt isn't cut too long, it still fits well, and doesn't look like it's flapping all over the place.
I think the show does a good job with the color combinations. Here are a few extra pics: . .To me it looks like they are all from the same brand.
A question for upcoming f/w:
When wearing a sweater over an untucked shirt, what's the best amount of hem to show?.I know it starts looking sloppy if its too long, but is . length fine?.Also, generally when layering it's easier to put lighter colors go on the base, but is it possible to pull off the reverse ( e.g. darker colored shirt under light colored sweater)?.If so, does anyone have examples of this done well?
your dick does not need a bib
That amount of hem looks fine even better with more casual fits. 
You'll want some steel toe boots or whatever they're called. I think that Thorogood makes some that are pretty nice.
I'll check them out, thanks
Scarves as fashion pieces exclusively: often looks extremely affected and not good. 
I see guys wearing them all the time during f/w and I always feel like they are completely forced.
Really? I often wear a scarf in f/w for warmth... I think just a simple coloured scarf that doesn't yell for attention can be nice!
That depends. Try it next time it's below freezing, it will make you a . warmer..I commute by bike all year and scarves are basically a necessity in the winter.
I mean the flimsy, thin scarves. I assume your talking about the nice, wool ones that are more about function than form.
Oh god not those. Scarves are one of those things I think SHOULD look beat up and worn down. Imo a scarf that's 15 years old with a standard plaid color (think burberry ish) is going to look better than anything new.  
I think the pattern you are thinking of is Tartan. When it comes to tartan scarves and such I like Barbour's pattern over Burberry.
Very true, I was just pairing the two together. Tartan scarves is definitely what I meant. Damn you brand recognition...
wait you want to use iron rangers or beckmans to do construction work?
is that a bad idea? I was hoping to get something I can wear even after I stop working there..I have Beckmans, but I don't want to wear them there; the only thing I had in my head for the job was IR
after working construction, depending on what trade youre doing, (i labour for bricklayers) after two days you wont be able to wear them in public man, go to a work wearhouse and pick up something for 150 thats as comfortable as possible.... ive been through maybe 10 pairs of steels and made a lot of mistakes
Red Wing makes real work boots with steel toes and shanks; don't skimp on your personal protection.
you should probably get something with a steel toe
Actually this can cause a lot of issues if you're bending down a lot (which you do in construction), cause when you're toes are bent all the way when you're kneeling down the steel cuts into the top of your foot.
The employer may require them for liability reasons
you should really just tuck your shirt in
Agreed on having it tucked. That shirt material provides a break in the outfit that just doesn't look good, like having a belt that matches your shirt pattern. 
that is one of the most okay times for a denim jacket
BOUTIQUE 66 CHAMPS ELYSEES
66 Avenue Des Champs Elysees
Paris, AE 75008.if you want a pair of these:
.or you could just order online.
Thanks I can't do online but you were a great help :) 

Thanks man... Can't believe I couldn't find that.
No problem 
I'd say you could get away with a medium. In my opinion, an OCBD looks best with a slightly looser fit than other button downs, and Qlo's size differences aren't too extreme. 
Hey, I'm 5'11 157 pounds with a 38-40 chest and I love my Uniqlo slim OCBDs. Maybe my chest is a bit bigger than yours but the Small was definitely too small for me. I wear mediums. I even tried on a large but it was much too large..The lady at the Uniqlo store told me all of their stuff is prewashed, but I don't buy it, I definitely think it will shrink a bit. Go for the medium, you'll never wear clothes that are too tight in the chest, you'll always need to unbutton three buttons. 
Cotton shirts really don't shrink that much, especially if you hang dry them instead of throwing them in the dryer.
For convenience I'll be throwing it in the dryer and if it shrinks so much as half an inch anywhere, or if I grow half an inch anywhere, it will be too small so I really can't stay with the S. Thanks for the input though man.
OK thanks, I generally wear a medium anyway, but I went with a small this time around because the measurements were pretty similar to another shirt I have that fits really well. I didn't think about shrinkage though.
For anyone interested, 3sixteen just confirmed to me that this coat will not be produced again.
that coat is a few years old and they don't make it anymore..it's possible that they will come out with a new iteration for the coming winter.
Thanks. Any chance you know of a coat with a similar fit?
not off of the top of my head unless you can find a used toj duffle somewhere.  fall/winter stuff is just hitting shelves now, though.  
Thanks again!
1) It's hard not to judge someone on something you have strong opinions on. But most people don't care...so why should I care?
why is it that every time someone says "high quality x is exactly the same as what i can buy in walmart!" i immediately doubt that theyve ever seen let alone owned whatever it is theyre talking about
First of all welcome, it's always cool to see someone taking an interest in clothes. .For your first question I would say I don't judge people anymore or less than when I cared less about fashion. I've always given people the benefit of the doubt based on how they dress, but that doesn't mean I don't make assumptions about them. Dressing is a key way of expressing yourself and like it or not people are judging you everyday based on how you dress, and that's not a bad thing. By wearing a Star Wars t shirt people are going to assume you like Star Wars. But what's really cool since I've become more interested in fashion is an understanding on why I make those kind of judgments and assumptions. If you want to read more about it . wrote an amazing post about it here: . .As for your second question I'd say that luxury brands are just the logical conclusion of  any kind of hobby. For example, the difference of an one sentence description of a scion frs and a Ferrari 911 probably aren't that great. They're both sports cars that will get you to your destination just as well as the other. But I think most people will tell you there is a huge difference between the two. People buy the Ferrari because its got all of the things they want in it even though it's much more expensive than the scion. Same goes for designer clothing, the material, cut, construction, or whatever are worth it to the buyer because the cheaper brand won't satisfy those needs.


1) Not much as have I enough mental control to realise that people may have a billion problems and fashion is their last concern on that list..2) Yes, very much as a marketing honours student who's research is based around luxury brands,Branding is everything to me.It's not about the brand itself though, its how people use the brand identity to project a bit of their own personality publicly 
Out of interest, with your answer to two, do you mean that you would view their branding in a disengaged, third party manner, or that you would actually inform your choices about someone and you interact with them?
Since MFA, I can appreciate a well dressed man more. I have more respect for him and it's a delight to see..I don't care much for brands. Quality is what matters to me.
Thank you for the reply, very insightful :) If you would oblige me I have a couple of follow up questions.I assume that when you say baggy cargoes and old tee you mean someone who in general doesn't care about what they wear. Other than in very specific situations, do you think the information it conveys is likley to be relevant or useful to your interactions with them?.And with the brands, that makes a lot of sense, but it would seem to conflict with what I think of as fashion (to an extent, I am talking in broad strokes here). When I think of someone discussing fashion I think largely of "coolness" and appearence, but a lot of what you describe is functionality, durabitlity etc. So if you had to choose between a good quality uncool brand and a lower quality cool brand would there be an obvious choice?
No problem, always good to see new people interested in fashion and clothing.
Good point with the work place, hadn't thought of it quite like that. Thank you :).And I guess with cool and uncool I was thinking in terms of the general public mood. For example, Apple are certainly cool right now, whilst I imagine Calvin Klein may be not very cool since they may be viewed as old school (I really know nothing about fashion, so there is every chance I am 100% off there). But as you point out, if one is spending time deciding on a specific style to go for, then it is about how the brand fits in. And especially since it is clear that no-one on this sub wants to wear something with a large brand name written across, I guess people won't even know who made the item, so it doesn't matter anyway..Thank you again, very interesting :)
Disengaged, third party manner.But subconsciously I suppose I may ascribe some stereotypes about them
I didn't say that there was not a difference, just that I can't perceive one. If you could even comment on a few specific examples, say socks and t-shirts, I would appreciate it.
[deleted]
What type of jcrew shirt?  Their OCBDs are nice but with the summer weight shirt your right about it being papery but it wasn't see through nor clingy.
Thanks for the comment, and especially for the link. A great read - I think I will have to post a reply to him too, it was exactly the sort of thing I was asking about..With regards to the first point, I would be interested to know if you think that the message that ones clothes put across are relevant to most people most of the time. In particular, if you assume someone doesn't care what they are wearing, I can't see many situations where that would be relevant (obviously if they have put an effort in then making assumptions is reasonable, seeing as that is what they are going for).
Would I be going if I were to equate appearance and fashion (at least to a large extent)? Would you wear something of much higher quality (I assume you are judging quality by practicality, comfort, ease of use, durability) but does not look anywhere near as good rather than something of normal but not good quality that did look good?
You raise two good points. quality can be seen as construction and appearance. .For me, always, Appearance > Construction. Fashion is appearance, construction just says how long it will last. Construction is the question an informed consumer must personally make. Do I have the money to buy 10 poor quality shirts that look good? Or would I rather buy 1 better quality ugly shirt.  In male fashion, patterns aren't nearly as diverse as women's, so you can generally find a higher end equivalent. 
pretty much everyone judges people on appearance. in terms of fashion though, i might chuckle to myself if someone is dressed horribly in like true religions and ed hardy and shit but that's because they're actually trying to be stylish and failing miserably. The average joe though, I mean a lot of people don't give two fucks about fashion, and it's hard to fault people for that. Different strokes..I don't think I or mfa in general care about brands as much as you think. Most of the brand or designer lables i have don't have logos at all or are very small. i care about brands inasmuch as some brands do some really cool shit like unique pieces, textures, fits, materials, etc (and i can tell you there is a vast difference between an $80 wings + horns t-shirt and a $5 wal-mart shirt). Though there are labels that do cool shit with branding (supreme, norse projects, nike come to mind) most clothes with gross huge labels all over them turn me off. It's more about following brands with a reputation for quality or interesting garments
Hey, thanks for the reply, a good insight for me. Particularly on the brands - I certainly had assumed that a large part of the brand (certainly not the only part though) was how cool it was. Obviously one would hope to get quality etc, but I assumed the name and aesthetics trumped that. Thinking about it, it may be that a lot of people I know would go middle of the road, where it is more expensive due to a name, but not much better quality..Personally I go for the cheapest fairtrade or second hand thing I can (ethics trumps most things for me) so I just see superdry and abercrombie and fitch and such as super expensive brands compared to what I buy, but I am only aware of what my friends buy. And I don't think they do put in too much research.
well in terms of a brand being cool, it's mostly about buying into a certain aesthetic. APC or Norse have a sleek, modern minimalism, whereas something like Levis Vintage Clothing is more of a heritage, throwback approach. So there is definitely a coolness factor, but it depends on what your personal style is like..If manufacturing ethics are important to you, there's a lot of brands now that make their clothes in the US/Canada/Japan/UK, and that might be something to consider. I've been trying to buy more first-world manufactured clothes over the past few years. It's more expensive (usually) but if it's important to you, vote with your dollars. 
I have to say, being from the UK, I think that Levis is the only brand I have heard of in this entire thread. But I understand, some of the other people have made similar points and it makes sense..I tend to go with fairtrade where possible, since it supports people in countries where there often is no social security and I feel is a good long term solution. But if it is made in a country with good labour laws then I am happy too :).PS I just remembered that fairtrade isn't in the US - at least the organisation of that name in the US is not affiliated to the national one and I believe is not quite as good, though that may be old now anyway.
here's some first-world brands you should check out:.[Norse Projects](.).[Naked And Famous Denim, Canada](.).[Wings + Horns, Canada](.).[3sixteen, New York City](.).[American Apparel, Los Angeles](.).[Levis Made & Crafted, San Fransisco?](.).Fair trade is usually a distinction reserved (at least here in the US) for commodities like coffee, chocolate, etc. It's pretty rare to see fair-trade clothes around..I like to buy made in USA to support american manufacturing, which has gone steeply downhill the last few decades. If people are willing (or demand) ethically made goods, the market will follow. But i'm all for ethically sourced clothing in general, i'd buy a fair-trade tshirt with some crazy Zimbabue cotton or something. 
only when i see people wearing the mfa uniform.
Also, if you were to try high-quality underwear or socks, I think you would definitely understand the difference.
Muffyaldrich.com.It's a site written by a woman but she discusses prep clothing and culture and most of it is unisex or geared towards men. 
.
If they are genuine, they are ok. That said, Dr Martens has a number of sub product lines which are higher quality:.Main line is Thai or Chinese made - they are ok but lack durability compared to the Made In England line. The MIE boots use slightly nicer leather and seem to be more thoroughly QCed. The one exception is that the 'For Life' line is super durable, but the leather is fairly hard to break in and has a slightly greasy/oily finish and pebbling.
The older Docs made in England from early 2000s and before are considered a better build, those are the ones I have so I don't know what the new ones are like, but I like my Doc Martens
Dr Martens are great quality especially for the price. The Made-In-England line are . quality than the Made-In-Thailand/China lines, but they'll still take a beating.
I kind of disagree. The Made-In-Englands are .. They'll take a beating but are far from "buy it for life". .The main lines however are shit. More of a accessory than shoes IMO.
My only comment is that in your tl;dr point number 2 you say not to wear business attire.  But then your attire 1 essentially describes a large portion of traditional business attire and alternate attire 2 describes modern high end business casual attire.  .This is not really harmful to your advice which Imthought was very good, but it just kind of jumped out at me.  
Thanks so much for the guide, it's very helpful. I have a wedding coming up in November in Orlando and I was thinking of going with :.Solid navy blue suit
White shirt
Brown shoes
I don't know which color tie I should go with..The event is going to be casual, is this good attire?
I'm getting married next month and have been particularly unhelpful to our guests. Instead of "anything from your favourite tshirt and jeans to a nice tuxedo is fine with me" I'll start saying "casual" or something. .I've tried to let them know what I'll be wearing so they at least have a starting point. 
You implied that black was preferable to brown in shoes, why is that? Is brown considered a more casual colour for dress shoes?
Thanks for this guide, it is very well done. I am going to a wedding in Hawaii in September and the attire is Beach Casual. I have to admit for a wedding I am much more comfortable in a suit. .Do you have any good examples of Beach Casual?.Thanks
Saved!
Thanks needed this for a wedding in August I'm attending
Nice guide dude. But is a bow tie not acceptable instead of a silk tie, regarding the formal categoies?
Your date will be in a dress. Always bring the jacket. 
What about beach weddings?
WOW!! Amazing guide, with a lot of useful info. Too bad it wasn't here, when I went to my cousin's wedding in April.
awesome guide, thanks for posting this.
Where do you guys live that guests not in the wedding party are wearing tuxes or even full suits? Most weddings I see male guests dressed like example 3. Wearing a full suit or tux in outdoor, humid, 90+ degrees just seems mildly unbearable. Maybe this is just more regional/seasonal?
I'm going to a wedding in Santa Fe in August. I like the look of second picture for Guest #1. I'm 6'7" and wear a 44 extra-long jacket. Does anyone have some recommendations on where to find a suit like that in my size? 
I went to a spring wedding inside an old brick building earlier this year,  just wore a well-fitting black suit, plain white oxford and a nice blue tie.  The groom told me I was the best-dressed guy there.  Also, excellent guide! Thank you
Dammit, why couldn't you have posted this two weeks ago? Great work.
I have a wedding to attend this Saturday. You are a life saver my friend. Thank you!
This is good, if it was posted a month ago when I needed it it would be great.
Good call with "accidentally upstaging the groom". I did that once (entirely by accident) because the groom just had bad taste. I wore a charcoal pinstripe three piece suit with a white shirt and white necktie. He wore a black satin-accented tuxedo with a hot pink bow tie. I looked like the groom and he looked like he was going to his first high school formal. So I guess plan ahead for that and if it seems like he is someone who doesn't dress up frequently, turn it down a few notches. 
Your formatting makes me drool.
Hey Dav, had a question about this line:.Why shouldn't you match the tie and pocket square? Too boring, too flashy?
 to be? Don't ruin this, now! Invent new words if you must, but don't redefine the ones that already exist.
I have a wedding to attend in a couple weeks and I was so excited to wear the MTM suit I got 6 months ago but have not had a reason to wear yet but then they said NO SUITS! CASUAL ONLY! on the invitation because it's gonna be hot as tits out but GODDAMMIT I WANT TO WEAR MY SUIT!.So chinos and a button-up it is.
If you're going to an ethnic wedding in North America (USA or Canada), for the love of the gods people, ask the bride/groom/their family on what to wear. Most people will likely be wearing suits and stuff and you don't want to be the non-ethnic, non-best friend/wedding party tool, that ends up wearing ethnic clothing (especially at both wedding and reception, since usually there's a changeover in clothing between the two.)
I had to have this exact conversation with my (now) wife and close family when describing my own wedding attire. I wanted to say "informal wear" , but I relented so that people didn't show up to my Colorado wedding in jeans and plaid. I didn't have the gall to explain on every invitation the naming conventions of the past. .Oh well. 
It's a fairly basic, light gray suit that could be found most places. Your size is unique so the question is where have you looked? Have you considered MTM?.My go-to suit recomendations are:
2 questions on this:.I . (although not a wedding), and was wondering if the tie and handkerchief are too matchy? Does it count as tacky?
And:.Is . inadvisable? I would like to wear it as it's new, and I'm only going to a wedding as a guest, so I have no important part to play and I'm not family of the couple.
Much too matchy, it's indeed somewhat tacky. The colour itself isn't too hot either. The suit is nice though..The second tie you linked is nice enough but very preppy/casual - more for regular wear with a sweater or casual blazer than to an event such as a wedding.
That's exactly right. Black is more formal than brown. 
Glad I could help.
Bow ties are kinda regional and very personal. Guys who know how to wear a bow-tie aren't reading guides to know if they look good or not. .As far as formality, black bow-tie should only be worn with tuxedos. Anything else is slightly more casual than a silk long tie. They're certainly acceptable. 
California
I lol'd at the 'If you can't get a suit, try this hipster attire" part
That looks like standard business casual to me. How is it hipster?
I understand this. A wedding in August, in San Diego. I had it all ready: drive down there, be in my best summer suit in a tasteful light gray...and it's "casual."."Just wear a nice shirt and slacks," they said. Ugh.
Thanks for this guide! One question though and don't really want to make a new thread or anything. For someone who lacks funds to buy dress shoes and has a wedding in 2 weeks, are boots okay to wear? I have a pair of . that I snagged a while back and they are in great condition. The dress code states that they want us to "to look sharp while remaining comfortable." It starts at 5pm, but they are calling it an evening wedding. My current plan is, since I don't own a suit and the location is a bit more casual, to wear OCBD with blazer and olive chinos. And said boots. Would that be fine for the occasion? Or should I find some funds to invest in something else?
Unfortunately your boots don't really fit into that "sharp but comfortable" category. They're work boots with rubber soles. .You might consider borrrowing a pair of dress shoes, trying to find something at a department store/shoe store/thrift store in your budget, or make an investment in some brown leather shoes. 
White in general to weddings, and you're not the groom or in the wedding party.  Yes/No?.I'm considering wearing a white jacket to a less formal wedding this weekend.  It's that or I'm going with just shirt and tie because I can't handle anything heavier outside with the heat and humidity right now.
Almost always the answer is no..Exceptions are only made for beach weddings or themed nautical weddings wear it might be expected. Off-white or natural linen jackets should be fine. 
Ugh...I'm going to a wedding where they want everyone to wear all white....no idea what to wear
I'm gonna suggest... all white?
I like wearing the bow tie as it can be a bit different but I think they come down to what you feel comfortable wearing. .I was recently at a wedding and went with a light pink shirt and chocolate/pink bow tie which seemed to go down quite well. They're not the most common of pieces so you will get folk asking you about them. .They can be a bit fun and a wedding is supposed to be a fun event so if you're comfortable with it then do it. I'd maybe avoid the novelty bow ties though! 

As your guide indicates, there are many ways to indicate the type of informality requested without using the Formal/Semi-Formal code words.  Making brides realize that, though, is an uphill battle.
Hear, hear!
Is it a casual beach wedding or a [more] formal beach wedding?
Just asking in general. Beach weddings always seem confusing, as some guests show up in shorts and flip flops standing next to people in suits and ties. 
It's really dependant on what the wedding couple requests. If they don't specify any wardrobe advice, I would opt for something smart but casual in light fabrics, light colors, and consider some floral patterns. 
The majority of guest will do whatever they want to anyways. Congrats!
Find out what colour the bridesmaids are wearing, get a tie that matches..That's all you'll need. Trust me.
Your welcome?
Linen pants, birks, floral shirt.
Thank you for this informative guide!
I feel your pain. I got a MTM suit 5 mo ago in anticipation of a wedding last month. It was hot as balls, but everyone loved my suit!
Your comment has . the right amount of passive aggressiveness. 

The colours might be a little exaggerated due to the light and/or camera quality, but it's the only picture I have close enough to inspect. Thanks though!
Obviously nobody except you would do this. Are you Michael Scott or something?
A good example of [formal] businesss attire nowadays is how Stephen Colbert or the President might dress. Dark suits and power ties. These would be acceptable but there are better options available especially in the neckwear department. Yes, it's a subtle distinction, but my hope is to discourage the use of black pinstripe suits popularized in the late 80's or french blue contrast collar shirts. .[Casual] business attire and Attire #2 only really differ in the festiveness of the wedding outfits. What I want to discourage here is the use of company logo'd clothes and encourage some slightly more upbeat colors or patterns.  
Wear something colorful for your tie. It'll tone down the formality of the suit, plus fall isn't really a season in Florida.
Thanks a lot for this guide, I'm attending a wedding in a few months and it's exactly what I needed..However I'm a relatively college student who wants to start building his semi-formal wardrobe so I'm looking for something versatile and affordable. I do want something that will last me for a while so I was thinking around ~400-500$ with shirt and tie. Is that reasonable? I really like . and navy seems versatile enough. right? What are some alternatives to pink shirt and white tie?.Finally, I'm not sure where to shop. You provided good resources but I feel uncomfortable buying a suit online. Should I feel okay buying online if I know my size and then getting it tailored? I'd love some suggestions on where to buy online or not (I live in Montreal)..Again wonderful guide thank you.
Basic ties can be found for $20-15 at TheTieBar.com.White/light blue dress shirts can be found for $80-40 at:.Decent suiting and tailoring is where you'll spend most of your money $500-300:
What kind of tie would be recommend with this shirt?
Just about anything really. Navy blue and burgundy are great tie colors to start with.
Actually, what should I wear if I'm attending an engagement party? At house or in a banquet hall?
At a house: something from Attire #2..At a banquet hall: wear a suit. 
OK and one more question. This is my shoe rack: . as you can see, I don't have any dress shoes. So for the house party would it be OK to wear one of these? If so, which goes better with the khaki colored pants? If not, what color dress shoes do I buy? I already have a navy blazer but the elbows have these brown patches on them.
I think you'd be okay wearing your shoes on the middle row of your rack, the middle three pairs. They appear to fit into that "smart casual" category and should all look fine with khaki pants. .If you're interested in buying some dress shoes, which is never a bad investment, go with something versatile and kinda boring such as AE cap-toes in black or dark brown. 
Any brand or stores that you recommend other than AE? As a college student it kind of breaks the bank. Sorry for the all the questions. The first one is this Saturday, then another engagement August 3rd, then a wedding in the end of August, then a wedding in September, and then a wedding in October...yikes!
This is the list I posted in the Wedding Guide:.If you're budget is less than $150 for dress shoes, look at department stores, thrift stores, and keep your eye open for sales. IIRC there's a large sale occurring at Nordstrom soon-ish where AE's should dip below $200 for some models. You can also look at eBay as a potential option. PutThisOn.com has an eBay round-up every week. They frequently find quality shoes at great prices. 
Going to a college friend's wedding in a few weeks and am having some trouble completing my outfit..I'll be wearing a blue blazer (not exactly navy) with a lightly patterned light pink shirt, light gray pants and burgundy oxfords and belt..What color tie should I wear? Pocket square? (do I need one?)
Repp strip in a navy/white or navy/burgundy could could look really nice. I'd also recommend looking at the guide concerning putting outfits together. It's linked above under "Resources" and can be found in the MFA wiki.
Wow just in time too. I'm going to four weddings in the next three months.
For TL;DR #1, why not direct readers to ask the bride/groom directly if the dress code is unclear?  As the hosts for the event, it's their responsibility to effectively communicate the expected dress code.
Sometimes you're invited to a wedding as a guest and you've never met or don't know the bride/groom party all that well. Asking directly could come off as rude..Sometimes the bride/groom are:
This is a fantastic guide, and the inspiration albums are awesome. I have a question regarding white tuxes: I follow a guy on instagram and he posted a picture of himself at a wedding wearing a white tux (with black accents, really nice). Is this appropriate?  He wasn't the groom or the best man. And I'm almost certain that he wasnt in the wedding party. In his defense, both the groom and the best man were wearing white tuxes. 
Sounds like he was attending a very formal event where the guests were encouraged to dress in tuxedos. A white tuxedo is fine as long as you're not the only guest wearing one (as in double check with the dress code guidelines.)
I have a question..I'm going to a wedding in a couple weeks. The wedding starts at 2:30 and the reception begins at 6:00. Can I wear a black suit w/ white shirt and red tie to both?
why does your reception begin so late? Is it at a different venue?
If the ceremony is outside black wouldn't be your best choice of color; black suits don't look great in the daytime and it'll be hotter than other colors. .If that's your only option, it should be fine. 
No clue
I thought no one but the bride was to wear white
That's correct. It's bad form to show up in white to a wedding (unless they've specified otherwise). Girls absolutely shouldn't wear white. For guys, I'd stear clear of white jackets or pants (definitely not a suit), but white shirts are expected. 
But what if its a seersucker suit for summer daytime wedding? Its not straight up white.
Traditional seersucker is white and blue striped no? Totally fine then. 
Fantastic job mate. Really enjoyed the read.
In your alternate attire #3, the first outfit has some slim pants, would chinos like dockers alphas be appropriate?  Looking to pair it with a button down twill shirt and stafford wingtips.
For a casual wedding, sure.
It's not a wedding if I don't get to wear my kilt...
It probably is
Is their a name for the style/pattern of the checked/striped jacket in the 2nd picture for guest #2? I think I'd like to pick up a blazer like that.
The pattern is a variation of windowpane. It'd be considered a checked pattern and more casual than something in a solid color. 
Thanks. The event I have in mind says dresscode is 'jacket suggested' which is obnoxiously ambiguous imho, but I think should mean a less formal jacket is fine.
So I have a wedding to attend in a couple weeks and there isn't a set dress code.Here we have something I like to call rural formal which is basically:.Any shirt with buttons on it.pants that aren't blue jeans.leather shoes.Would I look to out of place in a blazer?
I've got a similar situation in about a week, and I'm a little unsure of what to do. I was talking to the bride and telling her I planned to wear a suit, which is my default for weddings, and she said that was way too much. So, I think she may be the type that still considers a blazer pretty formal. I think I will stick to business casual, which seems nice but neutral. 
A blazer would not look out of place, depending on the colour selection.
Fantastic guide. I have a wedding coming up and this is one of the first occasions that I've needed to wear a suit post-MFA and this is extremely helpful. I've always thought dressing up in a suit was boring compared to other casual wear and the experience so far has really been the contrary.
Are there any good guides on complementing your SO/date?
IMO it's all about staying in the same color families and style-formality. .If she's in a flowery summer dress, you could wear madras and linen. If you're S.O. is wearing earth tones like dark yellows and greens, you could wear browns and oranges. If they wear a red dinner dress you could wear a conservative charcoal suit, wedding tie and a red pocket square.  .Any guide written on color theory or coherent outfit combinations could be applied to complimenting your S.O.
I'm going to a wedding in September and am most likely wearing . that I bought for prom, any suggestions on good shoe,shirt and tie to go with it?
Do you own any dress shoes, shirt or ties currently?.Do you have a budget in mind?
I have black dress shoes and a few shirt/tie combos and access too all of my dads too. Budget wise, a bit over/under $100 for shoes and a reasonable priced shirt and tie
If all you have is $100, stick with the dress shoes you have.  You can't get anything great for that money.   .To compliment that suit, you're going to have to fill up the wide space between the big lapels.  Get a spread collar dress shirt in white or light blue (those are most versatile) that fits you. ($40) Get a relatively wider tie in a color you like ($40), and tie it in a half-windsor.  Spend $10 on a white pocket square and $10 on a tie clip (probably 2") at ..  .As far as specific colors, I'd recommend the color guide written by 
Thanks for the advice:)
Looks like you have a large wallet in your front pocket? I'd recommend a small wallet / money clip and keep it in your jacket pocket. You really only need a driver's license, maybe a credit card and a few $20's for a wedding.
Oh yeah that was because they wanted to take a photo so i slipped it in my pocket quickly.
Great guide, glad you noted to avoid pinstripe suits. It's worth mentioning these are avoided as they're generally associated with business.
Thanks!.re: pinstripes. I wholeheartedly agree, but the wall of text was getting too large to go into specific details concerning every topic I tried to touch-on. I think the suit guide and wedding guide both mention that pinstripe suits give off a very business-ey look.
What about vests?
Honestly, I would not recommend them, worn solely on their own. Sorry mate..edit: Responded to your second response and clarified original comment.
This is a great guide. Very well done, sir.
So.. I'm curious, what's wrong with a black suit at a wedding with a light colored shirt and tie? I get the grey/navy, but I guess I don't understand what's wrong with a black suit.
There's two factors really:
Also, wearing a black suit makes you look like you're aping Black Tie and failing at it, since most low-end tuxes look like black suits nowadays.
Cool, good to know. Thank you.
This was a great read. Thank you for this. 
:)
glorious work -dav. Perfect timing as I have two weddings to go to soon. thanks!
Awesome. Have fun!
My only quibble would be about Wedding Ties. I'm in my mid-late 20's so i've been to more than a few weddings and I would say that only groomsmen or close relatives (father, father-in-law, brother etc) wear Wedding Ties, often matching..And the 1 piece of advice I can give (at least for American weddings) is to always dress for the venue. If it's at a church/synagogue, ritzy country club, or 4-star hotel/resort you need to suit up if you're past your teens. Kids get a pass and can wear just ties & dress shirts. But if the setting is casual like a park, backyard, restaurant, historical site, public golf course, you can dress down with just a blazer or sports jacket. .Another point is that if the invite says Black Tie Optional, 90% of the guys aged 25 and up will be wearing tuxes. You can get by with a dark business suit, but remember that the bride & groom have taken great pains (and expended literally tens of thousands of dollars) to create a special setting. Don't rain on their parade. .Lastly, I've seen some pix from friends who've attended weddings in Manhattan and Florida where a large contingent of male guests wear black suits with either bowties or neckties. I'm not sure if that's a regional thing or Jewish thing or not.
Great guide!  Quick question, I am attending a wedding in Charlotte, North Carolina in mid-September (avg high of 82 low of 63).  Fall attire or can I still pull off summer?
South of Mason-Dixon and after Labor Day, I'd tread carefully with summer attire.
September is kind of a transition month. Some states are beginning fall, others have plenty of summer left. Something lighter-weight is fine, but don't go full blown colorful or linen. 
Good stuff.  .You might wish to note that a "daytime wedding" is one that starts before six.  Night is any time after that.  Even if the sun will be up for another three hours, a wedding at six is an evening wedding.
I thought that evening weddings got an hour grace period to start at 5pm, as one is usually dressing for the reception afterwards.  I could be wrong there, though.
By this definition all weddings are going to be daytime weddings, so the questions is whether you're at the ceremony or just the reception, and if the former whether you've got a chance to change between.
Not to my knowledge.  But I'm not an expert.
Huh? What if the wedding starts at 7pm? 
I've never been to a wedding that started later than about 2. If it's a church wedding it'll be in the day time, if it's a registrar it'll be in the day time. If it's a private venue it can be whatever time of day you can get your officiant to agree to but if you want to have any time for celebration whatsoever starting at 7pm sounds like brinkmanship.
I want what you're smoking.
I beg your pardon?
I went to a wedding a week and a half ago that the ceremony started at 6:30. .It was about forty minutes, and the reception was at the same venue so we were in reception mode by 7:30, which lasted til about 10:00 after the sun had set but it was still sort of light out.

Added a note concerning specific time. Thanks.
Without a suit or blazer? Don't do it. You'll look like a bartender. 
With a suit of course.  
Wearing a matching vest to your suit is a three-piece suit, these are more formal than a two-piece suits but less-so than a tuxedo. Acceptable but not necessary..Odd vest with a suit isn't recommended, unless you're wearing morning dress, which is a British custom for weddings and not really addressed here.
Too tacky by far. Intentionally pairing pieces is a mug's game. Also those sets will be made of cheap, high-sheen material that looks even cheaper and more naff than the $5 they cost..If in doubt a white linen pocket square folded neatly would be the optimal choice. .Otherwise, I wrote a . giving some direction for putting together a suit/tie/shirt/pocket square combination.
Nice, thanks bud, just what I was looking for..Makes sense, add to the color pallet rather than simply match it. 
If you want inspiration on how to match color palettes, look on Styleforum for their pocket-square megathread; there is some true mastery on there as far as varying but complementary textures, fabrics, and colors.. - my fave because there is no tie and the PS introduces a new color, but the white dots still go with the white shirt.Notice how none of them match the tie, the shirt, or other pieces, but all are perfectly within the color "theme" of the outfit. THIS is how you wear pocket squares.
Bear in mind, when people say not to match tie and pocket square, they generally mean don't match them exactly (like the sets you can buy as one).  It is perfectly acceptable to match similar colors, but not down to the pattern.  If you are wearing a tan patterned tie, then a yellow or tan pocket square is fine (same with blues, reds, etc.). That said, you are never wrong with a simple white linen pocket square, so it is safe.
This is by far one of the most will put together guides I have ever seen. You covered the two major demographics of MFA, those who have no idea what to do and need a precise set of instructions that instant, and those who are able to dress well themselves but are looking for a bit of help. It looks like you spent a lot of time and effort on this. Thank you!
Thanks! I tried to address the basic questions mfa's been asked concerning wedding attire and they do range from beginner to somewhat experienced. Hopefully this guide will give them a good place to start. 
This.
a: is one of the most useful/fantastic things I've ever seen..
b: makes me realize how pathetically small my wardrobe is. 
A wardrobe can only be big or small depending on your needs and life - there's no optimum size, goal or competitive element
a: Thanks..b. No need to have a huge wardrobe, it might be smart to have a small selection of clothing that CAN be dressed up if need be. A navy blazer and gray slacks can be worn to almost any wedding nowadays.
Sidebar material. 
Not really considering album number 2 is front to back horrendously ugly outfits. Although the post was long and semi informative, the albums were atrocious. Not sidebar material.
Out of all the albums, I would have chosen #3 to have horrendously ugly outfits. .Are you offended by all blazer/sportcoat outfits? Or solely the ones I selected? What would be some alternate outfits you would suggest for a person to wear who doesn't own a suit?.Thanks for your input and contribution!
there is already a guide like this on the sidebar 
Not quite...the wedding guide on the side bar is written from the perspective of a groom looking to outfit himself and his groomsmen. The former does address proper wedding attire, has some shopping ideas and can certainly be used for wedding guests, but it's fairly narrow in terms of different wedding formalities. This guide is written solely for wedding guests who're unsure what to wear. 
oh cool
These days people don't abide by the traditional phrasing of formal events. It used to be that: Formal = White Tie, Semi-Formal = Black Tie, Informal = Suits. As casual has become the norm and formal events have become rarities this nomenclature is no longer held to such strict standards. Nowadays: formal = suits, semi-formal = business casual, informal = casual. If this wording is seen on your invitations, make sure you've properly interpreted the meaning. .Invitations may not explicitly state the dress code. Oftentimes they'll use buzz-words and adjectives to describe how to dress. Your task is assigning their made-up dress code into an easily digestible set of guidelines. The following list is from most to least formal and should encompass nearly any wedding's dress code. Try to categorize the wedding you're attending onto this list to give you a basic starting point of wardrobe options. .If you're unsure about the formality of a casual wedding dress-code, err on the side of business casual and bring a jacket and tie, you can always remove them if you feel over-dressed. .You DO NOT need to color-coordinate EXACTLY with your date. It would be nice if you complimented each other. It would be smart not to clash. There's nothing stipulating that you Hhave to match though. This isn't your high-school prom. .If your S.O. is a part of the wedding party you need to worry even less about matching considering their outfit was chosen by the bride/groom. .If YOU are in the wedding party and the Bride or Groom hasn't told you what you should wear, please reach out to them and ask. .It's nigh impossible to properly describe every scenario one might encounter for a wedding, so asking for advice is always a good idea. I would like to recommend that if you're going to ask ., please provide the following:.This will help MFA members give more sound advice and it'll show that you've put forth some effort as well..Thanks,.-dav.p.s. This isn't a buyer's guide because, IMO, you shouldn't have to buy new clothing every time a wedding comes up. This is a guide to figure out what's in your wardrobe that will look great. If you're looking for some places to buy some suits/shirts/ties, read the sidebar, particularly:
Okay now I have a question. I have to go to a wedding in a few weeks in CA. On their (groom and bride's) website, it says it's cocktail attire. I would much prefer to wear what you listed as it's more carefree and definitely less hot than some other options, but when I google cocktail attire, it seems to me a lot more dressed up. The wedding is outside and in the middle of August, so it'll probably be 80-90F outside. Any suggestions? I'm under 21, if that helps. Thanks. 
I'd go with:.For someone your age, you could ditch the sportcoat and possibly tie. Lighter weight fabrics like madras, linen, tropical weight wool, and light cotton are best to keep cool, as well as lighter colors. 
That sounds pretty much exactly like the outfit I just put together for an outdoor wedding in Santa Cruz.
Thanks a ton, this really helped. I'll probably end up wearing a tie, but may or may not do the sportcoat. 
You're welcome. Have fun regardless. 
Good stuff man.
One note: Every time I've been to a "cocktail attire" event it's been the equivalent of "black tie optional," with a smattering of tuexedos and mostly everyone else in suits, usually fancier than business dress (e.g. nicer ties, french cuffs, more flair). This includes galas, professional gatherings, and weddings. Are you sure cocktail attire means biz casual?
Cocktail attire means business formal, but you get to use more colors and a tie isn't mandatory. You aren't limited to the standard blue/white shirts and you can get a little crazy with color there, as well as with your tie or accessories. .Black tie generally isn't required for cocktail attire, although you'll often see late night 'cocktail receptions' with people wearing black tie. If the invitation wants black tie, they'll generally include that in the dress code (ie. cocktail attire, black tie optional)
That is not my experience at all.  Cocktail attire usually means something the same as or similar to business attire.  You could wear a suit but it makes you look like you just came from a meeting.  A patterned sport coat or solid blazer with coordinating (but not matching) slacks makes it look more like you were trying to dress nice for the party.  Ties are required unless you are sure it is more casual than that, which is becoming more usual.
IMO cocktail attire is high-end business casual with a bit more flourish. Business casual is often very boring, add a colorful tie, pocket square and some sharper shoes and that's where I envision cocktail attire. .I would not be surprised if some region's cocktail attire = jackets and ties required, suits recommended..I'm going to ammend the cocktail attire category to make note of this. 
[deleted]
Very few weddings I've been to/been in have required a suit; none of them have had the groomsmen in suits, and generally you'd see folks wearing blazers or "Sunday" clothes -- if they had a jacket at all (although most did)..I take that back. One wedding had us (groomsmen) in tuxes.  But it was, in many respects, something of an anomaly. .For geography's sake, these weddings have been up and (mostly) down the eastern seaboard of the US, starting at or around the Mason-DIxon line.
Like I said it depends on your social group, the weddings I've been to have either been on the English country side (places like Buckinghamshire so you get the idea) or your typical WASP wedding in CT.
I think of cocktail attire as somewhere in between business casual and business professional. Suits aren't necessary, but wouldn't look out of place either. Probably the ideal time for a blazer. 
Never forget the time I wore a nice suit to a black tie wedding. I thought surely there would be other guys there not in tuxedos. Nope. Just me. It was a Burberry nailhead pattern (black and white) suit, so very nice, but not a tux..Should have known. The wedding was in South Carolina and the dad was military. Got some comic relief when an older lady approached me and thanked me for helping win a bet that at least one person would be there without a tux..I pride myself on dressing nicely, but I will never, ever be . again!
I've got an old-money East Coast wedding to attend later in the year, "black tie required." Some of my lazier friends have insisted on just wearing black suits; this isn't gonna be good.
I wanted to dig a hole and crawl into it.
Shirt #1 would be good with no tie. Shirts 5 or 6 would be my choice for tie, either the purple or navy pattern tie. 
Shirt 5 with tie 1 or 2..Although, I'd say get a proper blue dress shirt and a navy blue knitted silk tie to go with that grey suit.
Shirt 5, tie 2. Possibly tie 5 but honestly your white balance is so far off I can't tell if that's grey or green pattern..White shirts always win in the summer. I would go with a more colorful (and lighter if possible) tie. Even something like ..
transitions are supposed to feel akward. I dress bold as fuck, but not for any attention and it's something I can do. It was weird at first but the only difference is the pressence of self doubting thoughts. Learn good posture. It goes miles beyond what your mind is feeling.The first day I transitioned my style, I was uneasy but I was actually complimented that day on how comfortable I looked. .Also, never let people dress you. That's not style. You're style is your own. She can open your mind to the possibilities of what looks good on you. Beyond that, it's your choice how to choose to express your options.It might feel like peacocking if it's not a true expression of what . want to do. So everything feels fake and for attention, rather than for your enjoyment
If you do not feel confident wearing that stuff, don't. Because it will be clearly evident in the way you carry yourself and it just won't look good. If you are not comfortable and confident with what you're wearing it'll look how you feel. Wear the stuff around the house, try it with other clothing you have and try to develop outfits that look good and that you can feel confident in. .Human beings are creatures of habit and simply put: we don't like change. But sometimes you have to suck it up and try something new. It's like that old saying: wether you think you can or you can't, you're right. It may look funny/ different but if you think you can rock it, then I'll be damned if it doesn't look good. .Try new things man. Be confident with what you're wearing even though its not in your normal wardrobe. Just rock it, dude.  
i agree, i just think its weird that i feel awkward about it, cause my girlfriend thinks i look great so why give a shit about it, youre right
Oh yeah. I bought myself some loud as fuck red, yellow, and blue chinos for summer. It was weird wearing them at first. I felt like people were staring or laughing at me. Who knows? Maybe they were. 
Yikes, those are very loud colors for the cardigans. I understand the draw of a good bargain but you have to really ask yourself why they were on clearance. For $2 each. At JC Penny's. For the first items listed I wouldn't even wear anything underneath it. V-necks layered with v-necks just looks weird IMO. 
Well light grey cardigan is a basic color that matches a lot .The problem with the others is they are the focal point of an outfit in those colors so you would need your shirt to be white or very simple .Do you even like the colors?  Because in these cases it will be all about the color.  Other than light gray these won't blend into any outfit
I guess, I knew that. I like all of them but the orange one. And that one was $1 with the 20% off clearance. I don't mind spending $0.80 for it. What kind of white shirt? Crew neck? OCBD? V neck?
I came into it knowing I was going to get flak for buying them, but I bought them anyway. For $2, I figured one wear would be worth it. Thank you for your response!
Me, OCBD or crew neck but I am older than you.  I would never wear a V neck shirt with a cardigan.My only point is that gray one can be a sweater you grab often when you are wearing all sorts of stuff.  The others IMO will be hard to match to anything but white and gray.
I wasn't going to use a V neck with cardigan. Thanks. So basically no undershirt for the V necks, and an OCBD or a crew neck shirt with the cardigans. Any colors you can help me out with? I'm lost there
I hate to be that guy but it's just not anything I would wear. Although I do think the vnecks in the first picture would go well with khakis, I see them as more summer night/beach attire. The other stuff I'm lost on. 
I'm the opposite - I like the cardigans and not the v-necks. I think the cardigans would all look fine over a simple white tee or OCBD and dark wash blue jeans (then again, what doesn't?)
From the EMF . apparently . will "order any pair you'd like from C&J, though it'll be final sale if it's not a regularly stocked item."
Remember the opening scene of Die Hard 3? It'll be like that. Everyone is going to look at you and think it's an intentional screwover. .Or they're going to realize you have nothing to do with them and just keep moving.
Always check Die Hard before making style choices. 
It's a good thing too, I almost went out wearing my "I hate niggers" sign
That's really bizarre. Are there really that many white bloods that he would assume you were flying colors?
for those who wear hats... if you go to chicago with the wrong team's logo (ie. an upside down trident) or have your hat leaned/turned to the wrong direction, that can indicate gang affiliations. [1].[1] Relevant kanye lyric: "They like to act tough, she like to tow 'em off/ And make 'em straighten up their hat cause she know they soft"
So I guess the real question is, was the young black guy who warned you a gang member, or a very helpful member of the gay bdsm community? Perhaps both? .On a serious note, while a splash of color is good with suits, hence pocket squares and ties, why do you want to have it on your ass? It's not the first place the eye goes, people only see it when your back is to them, and so generally it serves no real purpose whatsoever - aside from the aforementioned fisting by the Bloods. Just wear more colorful or patterned shirts or something instead, and maybe get some knit ties to spruce up your outfits. Much safer, and much more stylish. 
Well on the bright side, it's only in Florida where people think you're gay dude with a fisting fetish. It's not like you were flaunting your sexual deviance in your hometown.
Don't let it hang man. You can still carry it without flying colors or handkerchief code. I have had similar things happen to me flying a navy blue bandana. Tuck it up and don't let if fly.
This is absolutely, one hundred percent a troll post.
Growing up in an area with a significant amount of gang violence, I would never put a red handkerchief in my back pocket anywhere. Good way to get yourself into some trouble. It's really not worth it.
Neutral black, fold it into a square and have it barely peep out or not at all.  If you still want to have one.   .I usually have one, especially when I ride my motorcycle.  I use it down alot, or to wipe my nose.  No one notices, especially since its usually contrasting black over dark denim and my shirt usually covers the back.      
This is a fine idea, but I'm really looking for a way to add some nice contrast. It was cheap, and easy to add, but I guess I'll keep looking.
Hey, look into Hillside or other notable brands.  They make Bandanas, with contrasting colors that wont give that sort of connotation.  Like if you wore a linen gray with rolled red edges.  
Have you tried ties? It is the usual way men add color and contrast to their outfits.
It already looked bad, the fact that it could get you in trouble won't make it look better.
This is pretty much my thinking.. It's a bad look even if it werent announcing you were a gay bloods member that likes to get fisted.
Just don't. Between its LGBT or gang assumptions, is it really worth it to have a fucking handkerchief sticking out of your pocket?
"rip monograeme 2000-2013, executed by the bloods for his crimes against fashion"
Either that or I'll die in a tragic fisting accident. Not sure which is worse.
Well, either one will likely get you on the news. So it's your call.
gang and/or fisting related activities notwithstanding, I think that "splashes" of color in menswear usually looks affected
I always see this as a reason not to wear something..What is wrong with looking affected?
Mippi said it better than I could
Especially when it's a handkerchief indicating you like fisting. Just say no to handkerchiefs, there's gonna be a lot of false advertising either way. And yeah, I agree with you. Maybe it's just because I prefer more muted earth tones and such, but I just feel like whenever people try to consciously "add" color to an outfit to make it interesting it falls flat and is ostentatious. If you wanna work with color right you should consider from the start of putting together your outfit and not add it as a "splash", which is just asking for trouble.
It's like the fucking krazzzy soxxx thing
Stop wearing the handkerchief.  Even if you put it on the right side handkerchiefs in the back pockets were/are used by parts of the LBGT community as a way of advertising what you sexually like to do.  Not to mention some if not most people will see it as affective.
Oh god damn it, I just can't win! I'm going to announce that I'm a single, gay, top who's also in the Bloods.
fisting, actually. and you're a bottom.
Nooooooo.

Reminds me of an Episode of Rescue Me, where one of the guys wears a yellow handkerchief in his pocket, then has a bunch of dudes come up, wanting to piss on him.
You know how a lol is usually just a snort? Well I genuinely laughed out loud for this. For about a minute!
could have sworn that wiki was about to be about gangs based off the url
is this code still being used? if so, is it widespread? aren't there other cues or contexts that would be needed before this "code" could be applied? i feel reddit loves to find some obscure subculture that does a thing, and then use it as a reason not to do that thing. "Omg don't put your leather wallet in your front pocket some Inuits tribes consider that disrespectful of their seal hunting practices. Also you're gay."
Yo I'm a gay Inuit seal and I find this comment offensive
shove it up your wallet pocket hole!
It's fallen out of use (*cough*grindr*cough*), but many people still recognize it.
It's definitely not widespread, but it's still used to an extent. There are plenty of us who know it, and it might lead to . getting an interesting proposition or two. I mean, it's a situation that can easily be defused with an awkward, "I didn't know," but on two separate occasions I've chatted up guys who were "flagging" in everyday settings with excellent results. 
Fisting?! Seriously? FML
So he thought you should be a fisting bottom.......
It's conveniently red so you can use it to wipe up the blood afterwards without the handkerchief being horribly discolored.
FTFY!
Yeah this site is legit, I've bought bike parts from them before. Also, they sponsor a World Cup DH team so it'd be confusing if they were a scam. 
yeah seconding this i used to dh chainreaction is legit
Some type of derby boot with a leather sole.
I went sunglasses shopping in the UK yesterday and found that these type of sunglasses are stocked in most chain retail outlets. Next, River Island, etc. Most were under 20
Amazon sells . for pretty cheap consistently, just need to pay for lenses when you get them. also has a pair of clubmasters that don't look bad, and will put in lenses for you for fairly cheap
Oh ty, these are actually rather nice. Never really thought about looking at ray bans for eyeglasses, normally i don't like them for eyeglasses, but these are alright.
Short length is fine. However, there's some issue with fit here, which makes them look really strange.
Way too baggy but you could even go shorter if you wanted 
I like where they hit the front of your leg, but what's up with that slant? Is that just a trick of the camera, or? It looks like it is way shorter in the back of the leg. 
I'm actually not sure what you mean... Here's another picture though:
.Does that make a difference?
The length of the shorts is fine, but they seem to be very roomy in the crotch and leg area, giving them odd bulges.
Agreed. I think they're too large in the waist.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhjnewfjldfjfdnsjlfd 

holy god, my eyes! .in WHAT scenario would you wear these OP?
When you have to look super fly at the pool in the fancy resort you are staying at/pool hopping. 
I guess for walking in beaches with loads of seashells at the shore..Can't really think of much else
runways in Milan?
Then why would you get these?
On the upside, they make great galoshes.
that was good for a laugh.
I don't think anybody in this thread understands the use-case..They're essentially marginally more fashionable versions of ., and if you ask me Swims did a great job for that purpose.
That is like the most niche purpose for a shoe ever. If you're wearing swim shoes you def don't care about fashion, therefore why you want these things?
I can see it being useful for a walk on the beach or while in a kayak or something, where there's a high chance of your feet getting wet without prior notice and you don't want to be barefoot. If you have the money to spare, I don't see why not wear something that looks decently nice that also serves a function.
Maybe if you're wearing a bunch of crazy colors and you work at a water park.
just get regular driving loafers
lol oh wow that's horrible 
wow, those some ugly things. they are significantly less ugly than crocs, but that is hardly an accomplishment. 
dont buy those things
i have a pair of homer simpson slippers I bought at Target a few years ago
what the fuck, why would you want fashionable clothes if youre just sitting around the house.just get some socks goddamn, this shit is getting out of hand

I was hoping more for some BIFL-type advice on some good slippers, because I have yet to find any that I like. 
I have these ., and they are . fashionable..Damn are they comfy tho.
Eh, I think they're certainly better looking than socks or your standard acorn slip-on slippers..Disclaimer: I have a pair of something similar
I snagged my Birks on Clearance at DSW for $20. You could try there. 
Look into the cheaper sister company: Betula.
Look at you coming through. Thanks
Not a popular answer, but the knock offs at Walmart are great!
I live far from one, did you buy it online or was able to see the price?
Alright - tie dye is fucking awesome..If you're looking for a modern look - something with a graduated tint/dye is very trendy and chic..Home made? Just find a plain tee you like the fit of and go to town. Using a black tee and bleach you can get some amazing results. Using dyes/bleaches in spray bottles you can do some interesting stuff too..Vintage wise - concert tees and bootlegged Grateful Dead tees routinely reach crazy prices. I collect some myself!

This . isn't too bad
This might be a little to DIY for you, but you can get any khaki or canvas button down and just go to down and assuming you know what you're doing a bit you can end up with something awesome 
Old. If you can find dad's old tie-tie from the 60's or 70's, you're in business. 
Interesting. Wish they showed it on a model. I was probably 9 yo the last time I wore anything tie-dye.
Fast Eddie yo, scammin lot since whooo knows?? 
I have this shirt and really like it
Email Orion leather company and ask them for suggestions. 
tanner goods or corter leather maybe? 
i hope these dont become fashion :'c
those laces look like they are going to rip right the fuck out.
As someone with flat wide feet, just another pair of cool nikes I can't wear. 
I prefer the Hyperfeels they announced today more than the frees. But I am really thinking hard about copping . to replace my free run +2s for the gym
Call it overexposure to /r9k/, but I couldn't own a shoe called a Hyperfeel
Hyperfeels are too...zebra for me.
It's tough to incorporate Flyknits into fits, but when it does work, it can work very well.
I would consider the black ones, but seeing as they're the same price as flyknit trainer/racers, I may as well just get more flyknits in different colorways..Maybe these look better in person
I thought these looked okay, but, for $160, no thank you.
It looks like a sock with a sole glued to it
The yellow-green ones look like tennis balls
That webpage was super weird...
I never understood why the originals looked good in the first place, feel similar about this.
See, I actually adore my trainers -- when I want something comfortable, casual, or even a bit flashy they are what I reach for.. And they're even nice for a short jog. But these look like they're not going to hit any of the stylistic marks of the trainers, except maybe comfortable (depending on that sock thing). Also, hideous. .Now I don't own any frees, but they seem to hit a lot of the same points as the trainers. 
It's a sock
sock like ribbing on top is fucking weird
What's with those swirly colorways. And that sock ribbing. 
these look surprisingly ugly
When I look at the soles of these I can't stop thinking of those . that were on reddit a while back.
You also kinda have to remember that there still designed for running primarily, fashion wasn't nikes first concern when designing them
The . version looks better, since the upper is based on the trainers. They'll be harder to find though, and will be more expensive than the general release. I expect reseller prices to be absolutely ridiculous.
Those look awesome.
What's HTM stand for? That version looks a hell of a lot better too, wish they went with that for the primary release.
HTM is pure speculation at the moment..This is also speculation...., but I'd guess they're dropping in HTM and GR markups.
HTM is the collaboration between Japanese design icon Hiroshi Fujiwara, the legendary Nike designer Tinker Hatfield, and Nike CEO Mark Parker. These shoes are extremely limited and resell prices are in the high hundreds and can be over $1,000.
Very cool, thanks for the info. So much for me ever getting my hands on a pair, heh.
Sure. You might get lucky if you live in NYC since they will likely release there. I actually just read that this version may possibly see a general release. If that's the case, I'm definitely going to pick up a pair since I'm not feeling the ones OP posted.
Whites semi-dress are really cool
Guidi, very nicely designed and, I think, high quality boots.
There are a lot that sit at a great quality to nice details to price ratio without paying too much for the name and the ., but off the top of my head the names that pop up:.Tricker's.Church's.Grenson.Hunters.Oak Street Bootmakers.Viberg.Dr. Martens (The sole doesn't give a conventional look that is harder to pull off so it isn't as highly recommended).Dayton Boots.Sorel (Similiar to bean boot).Visvim.Nonnative.Crocket and Jones.I'll come back and add more if I think of some.
I don't have experience with their boots, specifically, but I own two pairs of shoes from Rancourt & Co. and I've been impressed with them, especially my cxl ranger mocs. Their styles are more classic, but they use mostly horween leather and everything is hand-stitched..I did have an issue with the second pair I ordered from them, but Kyle Rancourt contacted me personally, fixed the issue at no cost to me, then sent complimentary shoe trees for both pairs I purchased from them. They definitely stand behind their products.  .Check out their (imited) boot selection 
visvim is incredible for details as well as the quality, and they have a price to match
I have to disagree. Visvim QC can be horrendous. OP, go take a look at ., there's lots of expertise there.
Yea I've checked em out too. I'm not really a fan of their plain toe boot. It looks like a premature OSB trench boot (Which I would buy but the side stitching bothers me), and I'm not much a fan of moc toes except indys (which I won't buy because they aren't as sleek as I'd like)...I would get the viberg service boots but they are overpriced for the amount of cq issues they have and are no longer available in brown leather
Yes, I've heard of most of these before minus hunters...if you can get back to me please do. Thanks for the list
What's your budget and what are you looking for? It seems
 like you have already heard of most of the brands that aren't approaching bespoke.
I want a plain toe boot (or captoe) but very sleek...think OSB trench, viberg 1950...but of good quality. I have already seen whites semi dress, the danner service boot and cant seem to find anything perfect. My budget is at most 500 but only if I'm absolutely jizzing over the boots
Whats wrong with the OSB? They look hellishly sleek and Oak Street makes a good boot.
I know this will sound stupid but on the side stitching, there are two stitches that run closer together than they do to the one above it...so there are three...but not evenly spaced. I know its getting obsessive...but I know I can never love this boot as I will always stare at that
It doesn't sound stupid at all. What was wrong with the Vibergs? Do you not want a wedge sole? I found . on superdenim, but they are way over your budget ($650). Also these . might be of interest..What about Dayton Service Boots or 1000 miles?
I head that the vibergs have some qc issues...and those trickers are actually awesome...do you have any more suggestions like that? I've seen daytons too and I don't like how the leather looks like two different colors on the seperate pieces and 1000 miles are too clunky for me.
That's only for the pair that they shown. They aren't different colors on other ...Cant speak on quality or if they have them in your size, .Where have you heard vibergs to have qc issues?
All over styleforum and roidsrus lol

I love the side stitching on the OSBs.. my mouth is watering right now thinking about the captoe version. Sadly, I must wait until my . fund is stocked before I can add another to my list.  
Goodness. I'm assuming this is a shell cordovan but who makes it?
It's the Alden jumper boot (one of the models anyway). This version is shell cordovan in color #8.  .It's out of stock everywhere, but I'm on the list to reserve a pair from Leather Soul Hawaii and I've been keeping an eye out in other places.
Start taking pics of your outfits and consider posting them to the OF&FC or WAYWT. It'll offer a new perspective on what you look like. Join in on the general discussions and random fashion thoughts. Start browsing new blogs/tumblrs. 
Dude, don't ask us, ask .. What have you seen that's cool and something you think you could pull off? That's what you should head for. Asking us for advice is just going to keep you in the standard uniform. 
Ok while . has good suggestions they won't be what you want, you want whats called a "tapered" leg, . should work for levies.  They have more space in the thigh and crotch, but the leg tapers down to a more narrow opening.
From my knowledge of Levi's cuts, 514 would be pretty good. They're looser than 511s but skinnier than the regular cut jeans. Denizen at Target is levi's cuts, but shitty material, so price is better. Look for the ones that say "slim fit". Alternately, 501 STF is supposed to be a great option for bigger guys once they're shrunk to fit, and they normally have those at TJMaxx/Marshalls for good prices. 42 isn't gonna be easy to find, but the levi's website would have them, and they're having a sale right now bringing a lot of jeans down to 48 dollars. Good luck. 
Great suggestion, I'll have to find a pair of these to try.  
Yeah, 42" is tough.  I can sometimes pull off a 40, but it seems to depend on the brand.  What would you recommend for the STF Levis, 42/32?  Levis says to add 2 to the waist and 3 to the inseam.
I've heard you size down on the waist and size up on the inseam
I've never personally owned a pair, and there's mixed reviews on what works best. A search for 
Np I have black 508's I love
Size down at least 1" if not 2" on the waist and size up 2" on inseam. 
Rockport isn't exactly known for it's quality. Plus they're not a real good color for versatility. (Read as: They're ugly).If you really like the look of CDB's but not the price you could look into Clark's Busharce boots. It's basically a CDB but with a rubber sole. Retail for 70-90 bucks but with a little searching I'm sure you could find a more than adequate price for them.
Man unless you have the same facial structure and proportions as Johnny Depp it's useless finding out what size he's wearing. It'll look different on you no matter what. Grab a smaller size and see what happens, but no one is gonna sit around and estimate the measurements of the glasses someone is wearing.
Personally the most comfortable shoes I've ever had are New Balance 574's. I think they look better than frees/roshes too.
get slimmer jeans and try free 2s or roshe runs
Roshe runs definitely are amazing for being on your feet for a while, and are also fairly cheap. 
Just be aware that Express isn't known for stellar quality. If you have some coupons to give you a deeper discount, I would definitely use them..Besides that, it looks nice. If you have a store close to you, try it on in person first.
They're shit, but on sale, they are almost worth it... I have a dark grey photographer suit that I wear to beat around (with my JCP Stafford) if I ever needed to wear a suit out somewhere that it might get dirty... Don't wear the jacket by itself, it's too structured.
I'm a fan
reigning champ, wings and horns, uniqlo, APC, and tresbienshop.
Hey there and welcome! I think the best places for you to start would be reading through all/most of the sidebar, and looking through the competitive WAYWTs to get some perspective. If you feel like general chat, the General Discussion threads are perfect for that (today's has slowed down though). You can also check out the IRC for quick feedback as well as just a chat room to hang out in. 
No regrets, if you want brown get brown. If you don't like them as much as you thought you would return them and swap for another color. Also, I'd wait for a sale man they are pretty common.
Brown suede is versatile also. Beeswax a bit more so, but the shoes would be interchangeable on most outfits. If you like the suede, go for it. .However, a lot of the charm in boots is the patina and wear that develop through their life. The leather will age better than the suede in my opinion. 
True; my concern is just that . brown is pretty dark and may be somewhat limited in what I can pair it with. Thoughts?
Dark brown is more versatile than light, in my opinion. It's more subdued. Besides, leather will darken as it get used and you apply things like venetian shoe cream
Honestly, Levi's is the only answer.  The Levi's 511 cut would work well for you, and you can get them for half off, Levi's has sales all the time.  Levi's has much better quality than any other denim in that price range.
Dude you know everyone is going to say Levi's.
Levi's denizen brand at kohls and maybe target is a good jean around that price point. .I have a grey pair that I love to wear and work with business casual.
uniqlo, h&m, zara. quality will not be gr8. also next time look at the sidebar
Levi's has 30-50% regularly never buy at full price. Uniqlo also has some decent jeans at that price point.
very true... there are tons of sales and coupons at Macy's every single freakin weekend.
the problem with Macy's Levis is that they don't hold up well. They look great when you buy them but after one or two washes they're finished. 
are they a different brand?
nope. I have bought four pairs of Levi's from Macys over the past year because I love Levi's and thought "shit, $40 Levi's is pretty damn good" and instead of buying two pairs of $80 Levi's like I should have I bought four all because the last one ran its dye and lost its fit. If I had bought two pairs of $80 ones I probably would still be wearing them..Levi's makes great jeans, but they distribute crap ones to Macy's and JC Penny and such. I bought a $90 pair of Levi's at a Levi's store and have washed it four times and they still look and feel great. .Remember kids, if you buy cheap you buy twice. Or, four times. 
Ive bought all my Levis at their online store. Never paid more than $35 (pre shipping) for any pair.
I hate ordering things online. Even if I'm adamant it will be fine, its always, every single time, the wrong color or it doesn't fit or it doesn't look right. I have to try things on otherwise I know I'll hate it.
Target has slim and skinny jeans. The quality may vary..Gap when they are having a sale or if you have a coupon. .I've seen Levi 511s at JCP and Kohls at that price..TJ Maxx if you are lucky. .Nordstrom Rack. .There's probably more but those are all I can think of off the top of my head. 
Levis. Every time.
I see all manner of Levi's on sale at Urban Outfitters for $35 quite often. 
You might have to find a 'close-enough'... I looked on . and their links all went to "Made-in-China.com" which had some expired links to a wholesaler who likely had that tie/cuff-link set listed. That manufacturer only has cuff links for sale now, so not sure where to go from there. 
Thanks for the help all!  She really likes the one from tieplanet that . found - so that's a definite possibility..We'll try the local Saks too and see if they can help.  We've tried a few stores but not specifically a Saks.
I wish I could help, that's an awesome looking tie. It feels a lot like an armani or zegna, but I can't actually find anything exactly like it by them. I think .'s first suggestion is the closest I've seen..If you have one local I'd go looking at Saks.. It just seems like something you should find there.
I was not able to identify one up for sale . or .I can say that it is a tie cuff-link set, which is something a bunch of designers are doing right now.  Tie is silk with textured stripes. The strong stripes like that are something very common in Italian ties.  (It looks like something armani would do to me, but I didn't find it in any collection). 
Orient mako. Best value watch i've ever bought
Seiko 5.

Check out Seiko, Invicta and Citizen..I love my Citizen, though it may be beyond your price range.
 if you want super casual with multiple wardrobes. Cheap, and you can swap out the straps for different colors.
Nixon Sentry, black band. I've had mine for a year and the band looks better the more roughed up it is. Nice, clean look for a suit and I wear it everywhere but the beach. 
 is a great place, and would be much better for this purpose.
Great crowd. They cater to all tastes and price ranges. They also have guides by price which are wicked helpful..Personally, Mondaine and Movado are some of my favorite watches. They have some minimalist, less expensive stuff that's really versatile. Turning a minimalist watch into a dress watch is as easy as changing from a NATO strap to a leather strap.
indeed. super knowledgable over there. .I wouldnt mind throwing you some advice OP but I would answer you in that forum just the same.
your question is FAR too broad. What kind of watch DO you want, what kind of strap DO you want, is there a BRAND you like? .If you do post in watches, you need to offer all of that up and more or they wont help. 
Questions like these are best saved for "Simple Questions". It's a recurring thread every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday. Check the sidebar for more info on recurring threads.
jcrew has a pretty similar fit, maybe just a tiny bit looser.
In ., the Everlane OCBD has a very awkward cut..I wish Uniqlo offered more of their shirts in the slim fit. 
thanks.
i am very interested in trying out their new slim fit oxford shirt shown here: .anyone have any feedback on these?
I have . one, its a little thicker and softer fabric than uniqlo's, and has a button on the back of the collar, but is otherwise pretty similar. 
Correct and concur.
Man, the slim fit fits me perfectly except its 2 in too short, the tall is too loose but perfect length.... Why can't I get a slim tall!!
I'm about the same as you. I wear a medium uniqlo slim. And the medium slim in jcrew is perfect. The fit from jcrew factory is just about the same too. Those are my favorite shirts. 
awesome, I'll be looking forward to trying these out then!
Not sure how similar the fit is to uniqlo, but Banana Republic's Non Iron slim button ups are pretty nice... pretty great fit, about $80 a shirt but BR is pretty constantly having sales and over the past year I've got about 10 of their shirts for an average of $40 a pop. 
thanks, a very comprehensive review!
Gold can be very flashy and easily stumbles onto tacky territory if worn badly (think of really bad Eastern European/Near Eastern stereotypes). It works better against certain skin colours than others - I'm pale white and couldn't wear gold jewellery for example.
It's flashy and I'd avoid buying it. Here are some . ..
How much is it? How much are you willing to spend on a watch?
pass. really not great looking.
Perfect if you wear gold chains 
Have the bulova you mentioned, really nice watch. I'm a college student and it's minimal so I can pair it with a lot of outfits without looking to flashy.
Personally I like it, however I have conflicted thoughts of alot of things on this subreddit.
I can't help but think of Trinidad James when I look at that watch
Gold jewelry -- especially paired with black accents (such as the watch face) -- is reallllly hard to pull off.  It does work for some people though.  Just be careful.
It's really flashy-looking to me, and I think it would be hard to pull off in a lot of outfits. Nice design, but I think you'd be better off with something more versatile.
This is exactly what I was worried about, I would really like to get a second or third opinion on it.
Would be fine imo if you have the lifestyle that goes with it..Fine on a wall street banker, not so much on a college student.
I was thinking druglord or human trafficking. Still a nice watch, though.
More like fine on a drug dealer. I actually do work on wall street and I think that watch is pretty tacky. You'd be much more likely to see people wearing something with a simple stainless bracelet or a nice leather strap.
I dont wear gold watches, because they for some reason remind me of Tony Montana. You win the thread.
My favorite bow ties are navy with gold repp stripes and deep red/maroon. between those two they work with everything.
Thank you sir.

Checkout Frank and Oak (free sign-up), though they get mixed reviews here.  .That's a tough pricepoint, near impossible for new and wool.  Zara seasonal or . come to mind too..good luck,
you can try and thrift one
im gonna say right now that you should really just save up and get a decent blazer..however, if you really need one, try ebay or some fast fashion/malltier stores. it's not really the season yet for tweed, but a lot of designers are releasing their f/w stuff soon, so you might find something
You look dopey buttoning your collar all the way up without a tie.
A full body pic would help considerably. I'm not a fan of that shirt under a blazer/coat though.
I'd lose the jacket and wear a dark, solid color tie. Think Ben from Parks and Rec. 
Go with a lighter shirt colour like white, light blue, or light green. 
My trousers are drying now, simple darkblue chinos. .So should I go without the blazer or just change the shirt under it?
change the shirt
Soo, shall I go white or black? :P
white
white, black shirts are almost always highschoolprom-tier
This would do?
Should be fine as long as the pants and blazer are dark
thanks, they indeed are :)
hard to go wrong with the park avenue for the look, though it's built on AE's 565 last, which is not made for human feet- it's incredibly narrow, so you'll likely want to go for an E/wide version if you have anything other than skinny feet. I've been wearing these twice a week for the last 9 months or so and they're holding up great..i really prefer the shoes built on AE's 1-511 last though, since it has a lot roomier toe box. i can't rationalize owning another pair of black shoes right now, but if i were to buy something, it would be the AE leeds.i have the rapid city and stewart (casual) shoes built on that same last and they look great
Been debating the same thing myself. The Park Avenues are of course a classic shoe, but they're really so formal that you could never wear them in less than a business casual setting in my mind. I think I'd lean towards the Fifth Avenue which is ever so slightly more casual but not so much that it'd look out of place with business professional dress. But I'm frankly torn, since I can't decide if there's really any more casual fits where a black fifth Avenue would look ok, so maybe you just might as well go all out for formality. 
Strand last + full wingtip - > I'd hit that..Just skipped the chance to get some mcclains on the cheap because didn't like the style. Loved the strands - but it was 9 1/2 and I'm an 10 1/2 for AE..Do wonder about the leather soles, is it a problem to add some of that rubber sheeting to protect them?
i've had toppy applied to a couple leather soled AE's and it's been much better- way less slippery and it's no longer wearing down the leather sole.
If you're set on cap toes, then those are really your best choices. Any of the other wingtip options are a weird mash of formal (black) and informal (brouging). I have a pair of Berglands in black but they are not made anymore. This style works for me since they are a little less formal (open lacing and rubber soles) so I can wear them dark grey slacks and not look out of place like I should be wearing a suit. .You cant really go wrong with the park ave (I have those in merlot) and they are pretty easy to dress down. It's just that black cap toe is just so formal it's hard. 
I'm not set on cap toes, I'm really just looking for the most versatile shoe for me with my wardrobe options.  I'd be open to any of their shoes, I just felt like all of the brouging would be too informal if I wanted to wear them with either of my suits.
Anyone ever try .?

Thankyou for the link but should I be expecting shirts to be $99-$159? 
it's MTM, it's going to cost more. if you want a little bit cheaper, try j. crew
I'm sorry, I'm a fashion noob. What is MTM? Is $99-$159 considered a good price?
MTM stands for made to measure. since you're getting a shirt made specifically for your measurements it's going to cost a little more. you can probably just look for dress shirts off the rack at like j. crew or brooks brothers and get them tailored, might be cheaper that way
J.crew is stupid expensive in Aus. like 40% more expensive. 
oh ok, in that case, some of . might be better
Thankyou! .Yeah, I'm using the website that was recommended. I'm not confident in my ability to measure myself. I have a friend who studies fashion, I may get her to measure me. .I do like MTM or tailored shirts! 
dark indigo jeans that fit slim, some sort of boot or loafer, OCBD in blue or white
You read this? 
I would, as undershirts can sometimes help in mitigating sweat stains. 
It doesn't matter either way normally but since its a white shirt and they tend to be more see through he may as well wear one
The purpose of the undershirt is primarily to make it so the dress shirt doesn't get as dirty.  I wear one every day. .It will also serve to help mask a bunch of chest hair though.  I'd go for it. .A grey undershirt will be less obvious than a white one for caucasians.  
Are you really sure that he shouldn't be wearing a suit? The default on any interview is to wear a suit and you should assume it's necessary unless you have strong evidence that it's not. Especially if it's a business casual workplace, you would generally dress business professional to interview. .Anyway, I always wear an undershirt under a dress shirt. You might want to go with a grey one instead of a white one, since they actually show less. The main benefit is that they wick moisture, which can be handy when you're nervous and wearing a jacket but don't want big put stains when you take off your jacket. 
Thanks though on the undershirt! :) I'm going to make him wear one...after I go buy him a pack today!
Get a grey undershirt. Much harder to see than a white undershirt when you wear it under a white dress shirt, or really any color dress shirt. 
Make sure they're V-necks if he doesn't wear his shirts buttoned up all the way! 
I'm not that worried about the suit. .Point A...he doesn't have one and won't be able to get one in time, and we don't really have the money for one because we had to buy a stove unexpectedly this month. .Point B...he's wearing slacks, dress shirt, tie, and sport coat. His sport coat fits him very well. You're supposed to dress above the normal everyday wear at a company, and this is a significant step up. This is an IT support job without face to face customer interaction.  If we lived towards the East Coast, definitely a suit. But, we live in Texas!.My dad is my business style guru (I pay more attention to current cuts and such than he does-thanks MFA!- but as far as classic style he knows his rules). He said to wear a sport coat and not worry about a suit. 
This . is what it seems most of the men there wear...though think less fitted, more "nerdy".  I kinda want to dress all of them! .  is his sport coat, shirt and tie ready to go for tomorrow. 
Would be nice if they had 34R. 5'10" 135 pounds with a 34" chest, hard to find suits off the rack that fit.
34S?  I'm 5'4 and I can barely squeeze into a 40s..Do you even lift?
It's pretty cool that you're pretty strong
This is huge news.
Short guys (ok, really short guys) need to wear XS not S (which barely exists) or get MTM.
If I'm not mistaken, 34S means 34 short not small. Just like 36R is regular, and 36L is long. .Short guys, even really short ones, should be wearing S or MTM. 
I think he meant XS for 'extra short'. Hence the (which barely exists)
I suppose I should have said 'smaller' - I'm not that short (5'7") but definitely don't have wide enough shoulders to rock a 36 in any sort of structured suit jacket.
Do these run really slim? I'm 5'5 and I've got narrow shoulders, but I have a muscular, 41 inch chest. Any hope for me?
There's no way in hell a 34 suit will ever fit a 41 inch chest. Generally suit jackets/blazers have about 4 inches more fabric then their intended chest size, and slim cuts slightly less sometimes, so it's unlikely that a 34 would even like, go . you. (4 inches it turns out is about right if you want it to look like it sits natural across your chest and not have ridiculous pulling and lapel bowing)..Narrow shoulders make it hard to fit a jacket (although I'm 6' so presumably mine are not as narrow as yours), but in my experience sizing down is not ever a solution, it just leads to jackets that don't fit across the chest.
I'll report back.
The worst is that I work in a suit store that sells Ted Bakers, Zegnas, and other less expensive stuff, but the smallest they carry is often 38s / 36s and they are too wide for me. This sucks, as I have a 50% discount on thousand dollar suits
Can you special order?  Or do the labels simply not create the size, period?  When I worked at J Crew our discount would work on online orders as well as standard stuff.
I don't work at J crew but we do not carry any 34r or 34s, and not on our website either. I guess I'll have to use the savings on ties! Oops, they are too long. 
Sorry the j crew part was a separate thought.  Sucks tho man. 
If your willing to spend a little more on your suiting Tiger on Sweden has the best slim suit on the market. There brand only goes to a 42S and for this reason they have perfected the fit. 
I'm right there with you buddy. Their XS sportcoats do fit me perfectly though. Give those a try. FYI, I have long arms and the XS sportcoats are still perfect!
Anywhere else that offers quality suits in 34/S around the $200-300 range? 
I wish they would do this for the rest of their sizes for us with bigger chests and shoulders.
What about short guys (5'4) who are also wide/built top wise? 
5'4'' dude here and 140 lbs (wrestler's build).  36s seems to work most of the time for suits.
I'm around 150, usually chest is quite tight honestly. 
I think my chest comes in at just 37 inches.  Any room to cut or are you jacked at that weight?
I'm trying to cut to 140 in the next month, but my chest naturally protrudes. I guess I'll just wait till I'm 140 and then go suit shopping. 
Does it come in 34R or 34T so i can actually fit in yet?
Any time I find a 38s on the rack, I buy it immediately and figure out what to match to it later.
Wow they also have 39/r! I have never seen an odd-sized jacket before, but I am most definitely a 39. Would love to try one on in store...
What about for us tall and skinny guys?
Just ordered a grey pinstripe ludlow that is currently on sale.  With the additional 30% off it was about 450$ shipped.  Since J Crew doesn't carry 34S in store, customer service made a note that will allow me to return the suit if it doesn't fit regardless of final sale status..I'm kind of bummed the pant only comes in classic vs. slim.. assuming I'm going to need major work done by my tailor to fix the seat of the pants, and taper the leg.  That will be another 100$+ I'm sure.
My tailor took in the waist of my pants and slimmed the legs for like, $40. I thought it was expensive...
I live in DC where everything is ridiculously pricey.  This guy is REALLY good and turns around even major alterations same-day which is very hard to find.
Hi! I'm hijacking this comment for some advice. .Can you make some recommendations about suiting to a youngish guy in DC? I'm looking for really broad advice about whats in style, whats affordable, where to shop, etc. Literally all advice is VERY welcome! 
Yes of course.  What are you here for?  Congressional Intern?   What's your size / weight, approximately?  And potential budget?
Well at least the service is there. I figured you'd be somewhere like DC; the guys in Chicago by me are priced similarly. 
Any 38L?
Does anybody make 38L? 
Tommy Hilfiger does, that's my usual go-to for sport coats or blazers.  I love JCrew and I actually have a Ludlow sport coat in 40L, it's just too big and I've been slacking on getting it tailored.
I was hoping they'd have more on sale that were 34 besides that one color :P
Awesome. As a 5'9" guy at 130lbs and short arms I always get annoyed that the smallest size is 36R at most brands. Genuine thanks!
fuck, I just bought this about a month ago and had to get it heavily tailored, this would have saved me some money
Have you actually tried these on? If so, I'd be really curious to see some fit pics and know your dimensions.
Haven't yet.  They don't carry them at georgetown, even though we're a flagship of sorts with a bigass ludlow shop.  You'd think with the volume of asian tourists we get here they'd market to smaller sizes, like suit supply does but whatever..There's a grey pinstriped one on sale - I got it for ~450 including tax.  Will post pics once it arrives.
This size is likely only to be purchased at the actual Ludlow shop in downtown NYC (as of now). Side note: the actual flagship for the company (outside of the future regent street in London) is the 5th Avenue store in NYC, which isn't carrying this size currently. 
I actually ordered these last week while it's on sale! . is a few fit pic... I actually don't know my suit sizes, but I'm 5'4", 135lb. I'm not sure if these fit me, but they sure fit a lot better from the 36s I used to try on!
Shoulders fit but everything throughout the body is pulling so much. I dont know if there is enough fabric to let out the back is there? .I suppose the legnth is fine but man those pants are you sure they are the right size for you? Any room left in the waist at all?
Awesome; I'm really looking forward to seeing how it turns out. .Out of curiosity, what are your measurements? I'm 5'7" 130 lbs. I remember trying on a 36S a while ago and it was too wide in the shoulders. I ended up going with Proper Suit MTM.
Probably about the same as you.  I don't know specifically, but the 36S in the ludlow was too wide.  I'm around a 35 in suitsupply, although a 36S in brooks brothers fitzgerald fits pretty well. .So yes I definitely have my fingers crossed.  I don't even know what type of pants I should be getting either.  I am usually a 29 in the stanton but these are the classic fit pant so I sized down to a 28.  I think regardless the pants are going to need major surgery but if anything finding out my jacket fit will be a huge help. 
Im the same as you so im interested as well. I plan to start lifting and trying to add some muscle mass though. .I was glancing at black lapel or suit supply when I was looking around. I need a new suit within 6 or so months. 
Definitely try suit supply.  They have a great stock of 35S suiting.
Yeah im almost 23 and I should be done with college next spring. I need a suit for the spring semester and for interviews/working. .I do want to keep the price reasonable as I need to replace ties/shoes/shirts as well as replace my suit seeing as ive had it since senior year of hs. .Im in San Diego so we dont have much of anything south of irvine/LA area which is an hour and 2+ hours north from me respectively. As a result, any suit shopping mtm or such will have to be online. 
Honestly if there's a suit supply an 1-2 hours away you should go. Its so much more helpful to let those guys help you out vs trying to do this stuff online. 
Nah there isnt anything that close mtm. LA just has a buncha boutiques and off the rack stuff. The closest suit supply to southern California is either Seattle or Denver lol. .Off the rack has pretty bad fit from the past 8 or so months of experimenting. I wish the nearest suit supply was only a couple hour drives. 
Woah, no offence man, but that fits terribly. Can you take it back? I know it hasn't been tailored yet, but it is bad. No part fits you properly.
At 5'6" and 115lbs, I've always had trouble finding suits that fit decently off the rack, I'll be interested to see how this fits.
I'm five pounds lighter and know your suffering, brother.
are you me?  please let me know how the fit goes if you end up picking one up.
I'm 5'6" and ~130, the 36S Ludlow fit me better than any other suit I've tried on off the rack.  I only had the sleeves hemmed and the buttons moved in a tad.  Hopefully the 34S or 36S fits you.
May still not fit. I went to SuitSupply. 34S was no good. I'm your height and 15 lbs. heavier, I had to with 32.
Good to know, thanks.
Hmm that's interesting. I'm 5,6 150 lbs and can wear the Jcrew Thompson off the rack at 36R.
Yeah, I think weight might be a bit of an issue along with frame..For example, my arms are a bit shorter from most, based on all clothes I've tried. The body of a shirt or jacket at XS or XS Slim may fit great in fit and length, but then the arm length ends up 2 or more longer and usually looser around the arm too. Leaves me needing to get my blazers, button downs, suits, and dress shirts needing to get tailored.
Dude, you are 150, I am sure you take up more volume in the chest.
What about 180 lb 5,9?
In terms of what size? I am the same height but weigh 130. A 36 Is usually good on me so you would need a couple sizes bigger I guess.
Maybe a 38.
I see ties that short worn by unfashionable people all the time, I've been on a West Wing kick the last month or so. I assume in context to the show it's that they're too busy to set their tie to the 'correct' length though. .Really, especially based on the photo you commented with, I'd say the people you think are dressing very fashionably likely aren't. 
 used to do that in the 1970s
Not unless it's a knit tie, and those have been worn above the belt since forever
I've always thought the rule was and still is that the tip should barely reach your belt. I would guess it's just people who don't know how to properly tie a tie.
It may also be that the tie is tied in the same spot but the pants are more low-rise than typical dress pants, making the tie higher than the belt.   .Personally I think low rise dress pants look silly and make it hard to keep your shirt tucked in.  
Can't say I've ever seen it worn purposefully or stylishly, no..As an affection . ties are sometimes worn (with the keeper unused and the long back end sticking out too) but tying ties intentionally short seems like a disaster..Even when tying ties in a non-standard fashion is occasionally popular in certain circles (such as the #menswear one above) it's almost always best to ignore it unless you're really shooting for that complete look..Stick to tying your tie normally.
Bit of context (I realize Louis isn't the pinnacle of fashion and this is an extreme example, but this was a definite conscious decision by the wardrobe technicians and he's usually dressed in a contemporary way for his size):.I understand however and agree with your sentiments. As a taller guy, short of custom ordering a longer tie, what is my best option in this case? I usually wear a 4 in hand, and in order for the front to be long enough, the back piece barely makes the holder and generally falls out often
I've always found the decisions made when dressing Louis pretty awkward - his suits always cinch incredibly tightly at his gut and everything fits really awkwardly. I've noticed it tends to be larger people who end up with short ties too, perhaps they were going for that dodgy/dorky style with it..Some companies offer longer ties as standard, I know Drakes can be pretty long for example. Worth looking around for them. Custom ties are of course a nice option, I'm a fan especially if you wear ties day-in-day-out..Otherwise it's fine to ignore the back keeper and leave the small blade hanging loose. It won't look . dangling out if it's very short but it'll be hidden most of the time..Some companies will position their keepers differently which may be worth looking out for. Trial and error (try ties on as best you can in-store) will help find companies that work for you.
I seem to remember seeing long ties for sale by Brooks Brothers, if you like that sort of look. 
Perfect, I can roll with that. I appreciate you taking the time going through r/mfa/new!.And as for specific companies.. yeah, I had a E. Zegna tie that was the perfect length and had a great keeper position, and managed to drop that somewhere downtown after taking it off on the walk home.. I will have to look into EZ for future ties. Thanks again
Just get longer ties? You don't need to place a custom order. My local Nordstrom has a table full of them. . sells . and even . ties for very reasonable prices.
louis is an oddity because the show writes him as not very fashion-conscious. in one episode, donna notes that he's wearing a brioni suit that looks very dated. he's a guy who wears expensive things but doesn't know how to wear them or why they are expensive..keep the belt buckle rule.
He's wearing that suit as a celebration though, it's not a daily thing 
The tie bar has long options. 
I do not have a high opinion of the decisions of TV costume designers, especially regarding menswear. Have you actually looked at Alec Baldwin's suits on 30 Rock? No way such a status-conscious guy in his position would dress that poorly.
Unrelated, but have you seen that Capital One commercial where Baldwin is in a comically undersized tuxedo? Makes me laugh every time. 
I don't think so, no.
I don't know about kosher, but it's certainly gauche.
I find it uncomfortable and cumbersome because the buttons/dials are going to be on the left side.  Beyond that, I doubt it would be noticed.
I'm a lefty amd wear standard watches on my right wrist. Who cares?
The rule is to have the crown facing your hand, but with such a minute detail, nobody is going to notice... I'd wear it on my right wrist though...
Leftys often wear standard watches on their right wrists. I doubt very many people notice..Personally, wearing a lefty watch would bug me. But if you like it, go for it!
I've always warn my watch on my right hand ever since I was a kid, and it amazes me how often people point it out and criticize it. We have two flippin arms people, why is it such a big deal to put a watch on the right one. When was it decreed from on high it has to be the left?.Anyways, that's my ranty way of saying, IMO, it doesn't matter at all..edit: spelling
I might be wrong but I think the whole left hand for watches and wedding rings comes from the fact that you right hand is dominant and gets more use.  Therefore it's more likely to get messed up or even crushed ect. in work situations (think old timey manual work).  So you wear these things on your less dominant hand to protect them and yourself. 
i c wat u did dere
My H&M button ups (house brand, not l.o.g.g.) fit me very well and have lasted a few years, only $9? each on sale. They only lasted this long because I hang dry them, though, the one I put in the dryer fell apart.  .Also, uniqlo airism boxer briefs for like $5 and change each pair are a good buy. Not nearly on par with ck micro modal, but for a quarter of the price there's nothing better IMO. 
Bought a Casio watch on the streets of Saigon, Vietnam for $2 in November 2010. Still going today!
Land's End hyde park oxfords or whatever they're called can be had for $30 on sale easily and they are pretty beefy and some of my favorite shirts
For some reason all my "nice" shit has ended up with holes or breaking and all my cheap shit has lasted me ages. 
Jcp flat front shorts for 15 bones each. I've been banging on them this summer and they have been great..H&M scoop necks. Way better than the inconsistent asos ones but not as expensive/slutty as all saints.
Hanes Tee shirts - last me forever, good quality cheap to buy and easy to find for around $15 for 3.Levis 501 shrink to fit - these jeans again last forever. i mean they were built for miners under the conditions that they would get the shit beat out of them and rarely having to wash them. you can get them for around $30-40 at most retail stores, but mine had been marked down to $26.Adidas Samba - I'm convinced that these will survive the apocalypse at $50.surprisingly stuff from Urban Outfitters clearance rack 
I bought some Bass Desmond's for $38 off of shoebuy.com or something and wasn't expecting much. . are them after about a year and a couple months with no care at all, several miles of walking in, and even some rainy weather. 
Generally anything I got from H&M. The quality isn't the greatest, that's a given. But how one wears the clothing matters more in terms of how long the item will last..Had H&M button downs for...3 years? Some tanks, v-necks and henleys for 2 years. They're still going strong :)
I've got a pair of Florsheims that I bought in maybe 2004 that have held up. Probably need a resoling but they've been surprisingly solid for something I bought for probably $80. Unfortunately they're more than a bit ugly since I didn't have great taste in 2004.
High Sierra Access backpack.  Shit is fucking awesome.
I got a cheap light pink dress shirt on ebay last year that has lasted remarkably well, fits perfect and looks awesome. For a poly-cotton blend it's tough as hell and I can see it lasting quite a while longer. .The brand is Uyuk. If you type 'slim-fit dress shirt' into the search bar there's dozens of sellers from Hong Kong and that area who sell them for $10ish. 
uniqlo denim (t000 specifically).fit is excellent and the 2% elastane is mega comfy. it's a shame they stopped doing this cut
yessss! i am wearing one right now. and i have never tried airism boxer briefs but they seem promising. thanks for posting! :) 
cheeroke t-shirt, have that thing since forever, still strong, didnt loose color.
Bass really is an underrated brand imo. They usually make great quality stuff. If you live near an outlet their outlets are old-school: shoes sold in the outlet are just the discounted lines / leftovers, not an entirely different lower quality line. Consequently you can get some great stuff there for dirt cheap, like those shoes.
A pair of calfskin full-grain slip-ons, rubber soled. Been using them mostly at home last 20 years, comfortable as slippers and just as easy to put on. Seldom go out on the street with them, but sometimes in a rush I do..Bought them in a small shop in spain for what would be 15-20 euros today..Seem set to last a while longer.
I bought a red flannel shirt from American Eagle (no logo) four years ago and it has yet to fade and holding up very well. It's my go to flannel when camping. 
I have L.O.G.G. t-shirts and they're my only H&M t-shirts that have lasted me more than 6 months.
lol, my one H&M brand t-shirt lasted exactly 1 wash, then shrank 2 sizes. I can't even wear it to work out.
lol, when I buy the cheap H&M stuff, I make sure to size one up cause I know it's gonna shrink in the wash.
Kmart t-shirts are definitely my guilty pleasure when it comes to fashion. Nothing with a design on it just different colours and cuts. I can spend $20 and get about 5-8 new t-shirts.  
what else do you do? I wash my button ups unbuttoned in the washer then hang dry thats it.
Pretty much the same. I will sometimes skip the washing machine and just soak some pieces in water/light detergent if I didn't wear them for long and I have extra time at home to do it.
I've had good luck on ebay. T-000's are the bees knees.
yeah I have 4 pairs of t000s in different colors. the fit is inconsistent with color but they're all pretty cool..I just dread the day I have to get new jeans, but I'm thinking of getting RT stealth SKs soon instead.
I agree with the h+m love but I really hate how all their pants only come in 32 length. 
It's not particular challenge  to find cheap clothes which are durable. Just look at what garbage collectors, janitors, and day labors wear. They don't earn very much money yet they live in their clothes and put a lot more physical stress on their clothes than a cubicle drone wearing Jcrew. For fashion clothes, durability is somewhat of a moot point as long as it lasts until it's out of style or you outgrow it.
Most people on here are going for style. Any item of clothing that needs to last long enough before it rotates out of . needs to last a long time. Captoes aren't going anywhere - buy good ones. A white semi-spread dress shirt isn't going anywhere. etc etc etc.
The stuff I bought in Asia, mainly Vietnam. I find it hard to find the kind of tight fit Im looking for, and Asian clothing just seem to fit me perfectly. Some are needed to be hand wash though, however they're bloody cheap!
those are so nice.
Thank you. I just bought them because I just got an internship and wanted brown shoes. I also didn't have a lot of money, and on a whim I got these. Still wear them often. 
I got these belt from a quick fashion store (e.g. HM, AE but this was less known). Just to show how long it was, my MOM bought them for me(oversized of course). This was 15 years ago (elementary school), I can't even clearly remember. This is of constant wear as well, just reaching for this belt every chance I get. I swore I always thought it would break down after months but wow. 
actually the airism boxer briefs are .. still worth it imo!
wow, you're right, my mistake. I was thinking of the seamless low-rise boxer briefs ($4.95) when I said $5. Those are actually really great as well, lots of stretch and very soft. Not as good as the airism for summer, but I'd def recommend them.
og gats
The Arizona v-neck tees from JCP.They're about $5 depending on sales and such, and they've been holding up very well. My go to tees for everyday warm weather wear
$12 white Jack Purcell knockoffs from Target. They're actually built pretty okay, and if they ever crap out it's the equivalent of an expensive work lunch. I like them a lot for when I go bar hopping in Manhattan or Brooklyn. Not very comfy to walk in long term, but they can get covered in beer and I won't give a shit. .My Timex weekender. Blackface. People always compliment it. It was like, $40?.All my Uniqlo packaged t-shirts. People shit on them for being a poly-cotton blend, but after a wash or two they break in nice. In the summer they are wonderfully comfy. Plus they're like $6 a piece. Got a grease stain on one the other day and now it's my workin' on my car shirt. 
The uniqlo shirts really do wick sweat well too. I use my old ones to work out in and there's a noticeable difference between them and some other old shirts I use.
For sure..And they don't get as stanky as 100% cotton. 
I'm seriously considering getting a Timex Weekender for myself as a gift. I saw people swearing by it and I thought, "Shit, this is gonna be pricy." Nope! .And to think, a year ago I spent $110 on a white G-Shock as a gift to myself. This was before MFA, but it still works nicely for some outfits. 
One thing that I love about the Weekender is the NATO strap..Plenty of people sell different straps online. There are tons of nylon straps in the $20 range. You can match straps to your outfit..I actually went a little crazy and spent $55 on a vegetable tanned leather strap from someone on Etsy. Well worth it. The leather has aged to a great bourbon color and people always compliment me on how beautiful my watch is..Little do they know I spent less than $100 for it all.
I can top you. In high school I spent $90 on an armani watch... wtf weagleweagle, wtf.
Link to the strap?
I tried to find one but it appears the seller is no longer active..I might do a review of it today or tomorrow if I can find the email with the sellers info.
Look at formfunctionform.com
H&M man, I could talk about how much I love their stuff for hours 
A 2 hole belt from old navy, I got it about 8 years ago for prob $20 and am wearing it right now.
A pair of brown leather handmade shoes from the grand bazaar in Turkey, $30, was 4 years ago still wear them regularly and still get people commenting on them.
I will have to say that H&M's button down shirts got great quality..Weekday (Cheap Monday) got great jeans by my meaning. Just don't wash them the first ~6 months (of course you air them out) and they will fit you great for years. They go for like 40$ which I find is a good price for jeans that you will use for years.
L.O.G.G. is one of their house brands too, along with Divided. Are you talking about the ones with just a black label with "H&M" in silver?
Yes, sorry. I know they're all house labels, but l.o.g.g. is generally regarded as being higher quality. Mine were the black tag H&M.
I own various pieces from all three, and have been impressed with LOGG the least. They're good pieces, but if you can't find them on sale (which admittedly, you should be able to), they are way too expensive compared to their counterparts from the other lines given what little difference I detect. Just my two cents, YMMV.
The one l.o.g.g. piece I own is an off-white 2 button henley. It was about $7.50 compared to the H&M ones you can get for $5-6. It's definitely thicker, the H&M ones were basically sheer and showed tons of nip underneath. Also, the H&M ls henleys have a weird off-center top button.  .That's the one example I can think of the l.o.g.g. stuff being better. I haven't bought from/been inside H&M in a while, so maybe others have more experience they can share.
Really? I always thought black tag was the highest quality out of the 3...but hey good to know they work for you.
L.O.G.G is their best quality, then Divided, then the silver H&M tag. .Edit: Got my then/than messed up
YMMV
My dark Navy Blue Poplin Button Down from American Eagle. I got it 4 years ago for $15 and it's still wearable and decent looking. .The year before that, I got a light cotton jacket from Old Navy for 3 dollars. No matter what I do to it, it just doesn't die. It's somehow become my favorite jacket
I second this. I inherited ~3 or 4 H&M button-ups as hand-me-downs from my older brother about 4 years ago - the kind with plain front buttons (as opposed to placket/hidden). This was before I knew not to put clothes in the dryer and before I knew how clothes should fit. .So far, the color has held up in the washer/dryer (although I no longer dry them), and they are the only shirts that fit decently that have been in my closet > 2 years. My brother would have kept them but he doesn't fit in them anymore. =P
Same, have recently bought a pair of veblens and they feel like tanks. Having handled allen edmonds, the leather seems just as thick (if not thicker, though I'm sure lower "quality"), and it's goodyear welted and the sole is thick as fuck. The stitching is sturdy and I got em for around $80 during a sale. 
leather quality is NOT measured in thickness. You could have a full 1/2" thick slab of 'bonded leather' and you would have a 1/2" sheet of shit. The grain pattern of the hide and durability of the individual grains are much more relevant to leather quality. Also for dress shoes, things like luster, shine, depth, and finish all come into play as well. Not to mention that not all full grain leathers are created equal..with all that said, finding a pair of shoes that looks good and lasts a long time is all that really matters. If you get a pair of florsheims for $50 on sale and they last you 10 years, looking great in the process, you win.
Yea your right about all that. Hopefully these guys hold up as I'm just using them as a casual shoe and not shoe treeing them or creaming them. 
dude, you should always treat leather shoes with some shoe cream, thats like saying 'oh this is a beater car, I don't need to change the oil".
I just wish they fit me better :(.
You and your tailor should be on a first name basis.
My tailor is awkward as fuck. She does a good job and she's cheap though so idc.
i love you. 
 (not my pic).very comfortable as far as sneakers go, got em at an okay price ($40), and they've held up reasonably well. it's hard to go back to vans after wearing a low top like these. i might pick up another pair at some point, maybe a different colorway or hi tops even, if i find a pair. i'm leaning towards ., ., or ., but my current ones have a bit more life in them so i'm in no hurry.heres an . of some various models/colors i found on googleimages
I like these shoes a lot, but I hate it when people think they're fake Nikes which has happened to be a couple of times.
they dont rly look like nikes though, silhouette is a bit different and the swoosh is so easily identifiable that youd have to be payin very little attention to not notice it's a diff shoe
People notice it's a different shoe, but they think it's ..
Cool shoes... bookmarked the website for future reference.
Where did you find these ones?
i just googled "warrior footwear"
I have a pair of these and I love them. I remember hearing that they're going out of business though. 
nooooo.I thought they were so big in Korea or something
iirc they did a kickstarter and it failed so they aren't making anything new. I could be way off 
I think I heard wrong, about the kickstarter at least. It looks like it was for a documentary on the company. I do remember reading about them going out on here on MFA though.
the only kickstarter i'd actually care about and i somehow missed it
dude, those red hi tops look pretty neat.
u guys are pushing me to buy em but I just spent like 90 bucks at the corner lol
Man I just bought a shirt from the corner the other day.Inside the box was a nice-ass black bag that was tied up with ribbon.It was so friggin' fancy.Plus, I didn't know they were affiliated with Yoox.
yoox is past seasons and corner is current yea?
Those white/green ones are really nice.
eh maybe, to me they don't look that similar and they feel very different 
i thought so too, bug other people don't agree apparently :(
who cares about them anyway
shrug
like yeah there's considering the opinion of others but if these others can't distinguish between the two shoes then why bother caring about em
nice. they seem super great. in fact the all white one is gorgeous. thanks for posting! :) 
where did you buy yours? I found some on ebay for 40$ but trashpile said that warriors were pretty low quality and you shouldn't pay too much for them.those red hightops are v cool
bonobos + codes and stuff to get it to 40 with free shipping.seems like same qual as vans or chucks, I'm not expecting them to last me more than a few years so I'm content.letigre has more exp with them and a larger variety of shoes overall so he's probably the best one to ask about them.and yeah I was thinking of just buying red chucks but I might prefer the hitop warriors more.. hard to say w/ the small toe cap though, would prefer something a bit bigger
Just overall Uniqlo is a great brand and has very nice clothes as cheap or cheaper than H&M. Great store. Recently bought jeans from them, absolutely the best fit I have ever experienced.
outwear is great for the price, my mountain parka had great build quality for 60. 
T-000's on ebay with tags for $30. I am happy.
+1..I bought a nearly new uniqlo duffle coat on ebay for around $50 shipped that is my favorite piece of outerwear.
Still available?
I snatched them up lol, but they pop up every few weeks/months. 
Any of my military surplus jackets, all of them were $10 or less and they last forever and look cool..German Navy deck jacket is my favorite. Cost $5, it has a great fit, and it will last a long time.
Huh. So where are you getting these? Because I just did a little looking and I haven't seen anything at that price.
Mills Fleet Farm military surplus section clearance rack. Buying right after winter is the best because there's still good stuff. Online milsurp stores almost never put things on sale or clearance, but they usually have better stuff. 
I have a USN peacoat and love it, if you fit the standard issue body shape military surplus is the way to go, it's about as cheap as you can get for the quality and will last a . long time
My grandfather gave me his peacoat before he passed on. It was from WWII, over 60 years old when I received it, and I wore it all through college. It was a great fit and held up well.
I picked up a peacoat yesterday actually.  I have really long arms and standard jackets are always short on them but they fit so damned well otherwise..I find myself torn whether having accurate arm length or an awesome jacket wins for me.  I just wish the darn things would have arms that could actually be lengthened.
What's the "standard issue body shape"?
Since all military clothes are general issue they only fit a certain (pretty common) body type, this means that if one navy coat fits you well almost all probably will, but if one doesn't other probably won't either.
What I'm asking is what that common body type is? I think I'm pretty average (on the skinny/narrow side of things), so I'm thinking about looking into this.
Basically the middle one in .. 
I honestly don't know, I'm a pretty small dude (maybe 5' 8" and ~130/140lbs) and it works for me, but I would recommend just going to an army surplus store and seeing what works. I don't think all of the service branches use the same cut because USN usually works best for me while army stuff is a little baggy in the arms and AF stuff is a bit long in the arms.
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind and check it out. I'm 5'10"-11" and 155lbs, so it sounds like I have a pretty similar body type to you (just taller). Hopefully it will fit me well too.
 in the 34 usn surplus peacoat. I'm 5'9" and ~125. Sounds like a 36 is right for you, I think it'll look fine. Ignore all that bodytype stuff imo. 
That looks awesome! Is particular peacoat common and easy to find? Also, how does it look unbuttoned (I rarely button jackets unless it's really cold).
I've never gone looking for them at a physical store, basically last year for my birthday I just asked my parents for a military surplus peacoat made in usa sized 34 and they seemed to find one easily enough! I know they used a military surplus site but I'm not sure which one. But from reading about it on here they seem easy enough to find at any military/navy surplus kind of place. .I've also heard you can call Schott and order their for-military peacoats directly from them. .From what I remember it looks fine unbuttoned but I definitely don't have a picture since I almost always button it haha. 

There should be an inch or so of extra fabric on there, pretty sure you can take it to a tailor and ask them to lengthen the sleeve.
Haha, yeah no..There is about a thumbnails worth of fabric in there (maybe 3/4 of an inch on a good day?) and I need closer to 2".  To hit where yours is hitting on your arm, I'd need 3".  It also will have a definite wear line (I puleld it out and could visibly see the wear line already).  I basically need longs in suits, but my torso is a regular.  It's a pain in the ass..One thing this sub has taught me is that in the future I probably want to go MTM on shirts.  In between, a cool fitting pea coat other than the sleeves may be worth it.  
Most things from Target.. lol.But forreal, Target's t shirts, v necks, sweaters, etc are all great quality and fits for the price. 
I bought a v-neck there recently, and it looks good (it fits well for skinny dudes), but the material is really thin. So it's uncomfortable, but I'm not sure it's going to last a long time.
i guess i need to start investing in some target for the basic stuff ahaha. thanks for posting :) 
Their peacoat has fit me better than name brand $250+ coats and its still lasting me, going on its 3rd season this winter.
I'm a big guy and I've been wearing their V-necks for about a year now. All of them have lasted pretty long, just sucks with the gray ones cause of stains and all, but they last pretty well and are very comfortable for me. I've also gotten some of the thicker ones that are sold separately instead of in a pack and those feel well, as well.
You'll want to search for navajo and aztec prints. On the lower end you can probably find them at ASOS or Urban Outfitters. If you're willing to spend a bit more, Naked & Famous, Gitman Vintage, and RRL have done similar shirts.
 that is, if you're in the UK.
if you are considering buying them, dont.if you already have them and want to know how to wear them, sneaker is probably your only option, they sure as fuck arent formal
No. They are not sneakers.
wow. as ganksterr said, if you haven't bought them yet, don't. if you have to ask how to wear something this flashy, you aren't ready to wear it..they're REALLY bright. if you have them already, khaki or stone chinos with an ocbd or polo might work. wear neutral colors and let the shoe do the talking.
I use CLAE Russels to skate in.  They're pretty dam durable and still hold up really well considering the amount of shit I've put them through.
Everyone has Clark's, these shoes are awesome. If you like something, an you know that something is not crap, then get it. That's the only way fashion can be truly reflective of your personality. Dot be afraid to be original. 
Luxire does MTM from $70 IIRC. Try there.
Thanks for the advice, that picture definitely looks like something I could shoot for..And unfortunately a pretty bad receding hairline runs in the family, my father and brother actually had it a lot worse than I did at this age, is it really that far back/noticeable? This is the first time I've really put much thought into it, but if it's that bad I suppose knowing about it now can't hurt in order to make sure I don't look stupid trying to pull off a hairstyle I shouldn't.
For a classic but professional look, the style that most people go for at the moment is generally a short on the sides and long at the top kind of look. .The trick is to make sure the longer hair on top is textured well. If . style appeals to you then you may have to grow your hair out a bit more to get the right length on top.
You could also try in 
Holy Hairline Batman!
Check out the Arizona tees at JCP.$5 so trying out different colors doest hurt the bank and I like the fit quite a bit. They've been holding up in me well too.
Alternative Apparel.
Never, ever American Apparel..Also, unless you live in Miami, never t-shirts for clubbing.
What's wrong with AA?
rick/drkshdw
damir doma/silent
Uniqlo.H&M.Mossimo.Zara.COS.American Apparel
Well, gold lame aside, I'd rather not buy from a scumbag that walks around the office in his underwear, requests that female employees do the same, does most of his ads by having porn stars masturbate in his own bed while he photographs them, and puts as many naked females everywhere possible. Basically, Dov is a total creep and doesn't deserve your money when there are so many other, better options not run by a total asshole.
At the same time, the clothes aren't being made by near-slaves in southeast Asia. Ethics aren't always so black and white.
I see what you mean. 
No, they're not, but when I know for a fact that the CEO of a company requests blow jobs from female employees I can be pretty certain I don't want to fund him. Meanwhile plenty of southeast asia factories aren't exactly "near slave[ry]" and provide good, living wages to those that wouldn't otherwise have such income. Having spent time in factories in Thailand (mostly fine and helping those that would otherwise live in poverty find some upward momentum) and China (a mix between fine and absolutely horrifying), I feel better taking the chance on those rather than AA, which I know is terrible..I'm not claiming things are "black and white." I'm saying that AA is an absolute shitfest and, since you know that, you can easily choose one that isn't. 
Here are plenty of links as to why Dov is a complete scumbag and you shouldn't buy his clothing. A variety of sources, in case you feel some are less reputable:
.
.

Forgot to post pic... 
Treat them similar colored pants.  That being said both colors are versatile and go with anything but the same color as the shorts.  Fit wise the blue fit great the olive need to be tapered IMO.
Alright thanks mate, are there any guides to DIY tapering/fitting clothes?
the olive were only 3 so i'm not too bothered
its fairly easy just search here or on google tapering pants, its the exact same as shorts your just dealing with a shorter inseam.
Perhaps desert boots aren't for you? If you're more comfortable in t shirts and sneakers, wear them. They can look good if they're done right. You're probably (most likely) the only person that thinks that you look pretentious because of what you're wearing. No one else cares. Dress for yourself. 
I agree with .. Stick with it for a little longer, and keep trying out new things. It sounds like you just haven't found what makes you tick when it comes to clothing.
I've updated my wardrobe in its fit and felt much, much better. But aside from that, and buying a denim jacket and a few properly sized hoodies, I've strayed away from the OCBDs and desert boots and whatnot. It's a bit out of my age at the moment. 
Wearing clothes is something you do every day, so why not do it well? 
People won't notice you 95% of the time..For the extra 5%, its good to be well dressed.
There has to be a reason you feel this way....Bottom-line: these are all fixed with confidence.  It's a lot easier said than done, but you've just got to learn that almost no one is looking at you and remember that you're dressing for yourself.  If you think you look weird in a new piece of clothing, or think it makes you look pretentious, try wearing it in low-key places first: to the grocery store or out for  walk with your dog... then work it into your normal rotation to bigger things like to social events, school, etc.  I've found this helps.
This might be part of it, all my friends are engineering majors who could give two shits about clothes, everyday they wear baggy cargos, a mountain dew shirt they got for free 5 years ago, and laced way to tight beat to shit New Balance or Asics. They care so little about clothes that they don't even realize I dress nicer than them, it would never even cross their mind and I think I actually find how non-chalant they are about how they look sort of liberating.And this is a complete 180 from the people I hung out with in high school. The pretty boy, Drake type wanna be's with 100 mirror photos of themselves looking narcissistic as hell on facebook.
Levis and desert boots are far from pretentious! They are appropriate casualwear whereas basketball shorts and sneakers arent. Those are kind of like wearing pajamas all day. This is in your head and you are just have some bumps along the way to growing your personal style. If you don't dig desert boots find a different shoe, but don't give up altogether and revert to basketball shorts. Stop being so hard on yourself and sabotaging your own progress. The only person calling you names is you!
Someone link OP to the "dressing nice is like playing music; some do it well, others bang pots and pans" comment.
whatever you end up doing keep the jordans. jordans are so cool
Remember, there is a large difference between being pretentious and taking pride in yourself. Dressing nicely and wearing it with confidence is far different from dressing nicely and being arrogant about it.
I'm an engineering major and I dress somewhat like the style you stated. I've never been called pretentious or anything, I think it's all in your head. I've actually went shopping with a few kids who said they needed help. 
I would say that over-dressing is really only a problem if it causes you to look out of place, and by that I mean people take notice about what you're wearing..If you wore a dress shirt and leather shoes to class I'm sure someone would notice, and maybe even say something like "so do you have a presentation today or something?".But just dressing well but still on a casual level really shouldn't stick out.  
I think this is more of a mental block than a wardrobe crisis. It might help if you provided some additional background. Tell us a bit more about yourself. Where do you live and what do you do for a living? What were your reasons for changing the way that you dress? How did the people around you react when you wore your "fashionable" clothes? 
In high school I was the white gangster. Then I went to college and like 2 girls told me I looked like Johnny Depp so I started image searching "Johnny Depp" and just buying whatever looked like something he would wear. Then I turned into a straight up hipster. Then we get to today about 2 years after the hipster phase and I pretty much wear chinos or jeans with oxford shirts almost everyday (never tucked in because that sky rockets the pretentiousness) and vans or desert boots.
have your own identity and wear what you're comfortable with, but that doesn't mean sacrificing fashion
I sounds to me like you still haven't found what clothing style actually makes YOU happy. Maybe the MFA default of Clark's desert boots isn't the style you actually like, that's fine..I'd say take a look around at some pictures online and see what strikes your fancy. The only thing I'd say to keep in the back of your mind is maybe fit. With a nice fit, you can make nearly anything work (see the cargo shorts discussion today)
People think other people judge them so much more than they actually do. Do you find people uncultured for wearing cargos? It's doubtful they find you pretentious for wearing leather boots and Levi's.
yep, the truth is OP, everybody thinks more about themselves than other people
Shoe trees will make sure the shoes keep their shape while in storage..The most important thing is that you don't store the shoes in an area that's too dry, otherwise the leather can dry out..There's no need to shine them unless they're being worn. However, I would recommend wearing them at some point in the near future to break them in before they're actually needed.
Is it worth adding the rubber footing to the sole of AEs?
I have the AE Dalton boots and they super comfy as far as dress shoes go.
Sorry maybe I didn't use the proper terminology but I mean the rubber piece that people usually put on the under side of the shoe to prevent the leather under side from wearing out especially in rainy weather.
If they are going to be stored for a while you should brush them with a horsehair brush (gets the dirt and dust off) then condition them with a nice leather conditioner (yes, even on new shoes that haven't been worn a bunch). Keep them out of the sunlight, preferable in a cloth bag in your closet. And always keep the show trees in when you are not wearing the shoes. They will help the shoe keep its shape. .You can add a topy (rubber sole) if you like, just stay away from anything too thick and it detracts from the aesthetic of the shoe. A cobbler will know what you are asking for and it should be pretty inexpensive. I would wait a bit until there's some even-ish wear on the sole before adding the topy though. 
Great, thanks for the advice!
All my shoes, I break them in wearing them in the house. Really helps, and doesn't ruin them - or your feet..Don't wait until you need them.
Thanks! What do I ask the shoe-repair guy to do for the sole? Add rubber to the bottom? Is it something standard that every shoe-repair guy would know?
I'd wait for the sole to wear a bit before putting a topy sole on. A shoe repairer will know what a topy is
please don't
i'm in 
I am not down
what the
afraid? double dare you.
yes?
if you wear a bowtie, please at least wear an appropriate blazer to go with it instead of just a shirt.
why?
bowties out of context often look very tacky.but if you like them, go for it.
anything out of context may look tacky....
sweet!
let's plan it for the 1st week of august. So we can get more people.
Does it have to be during the summer?  .I apparently live much closer to the tropics than most mfa'ers, because ties in general, let alone the clothing to go with them (blazers, etc.) are RIGHT OUT until probably October...
I will try, but I doubt it I will do it because it is too hot here. I will be at office most of the time, at my desk. 
Don't dye it. let it grow out though. You've got Jonah Hill in 2009 going on now. 
Jonah Hill? I have absolutely different type of hairs, not curly.
Dying it would be trying to attract attention from something by pure shock rather than attracting attention with confidence (knowing what the hell you're doing). .I was bad with my hair but luckily spent some time in Europe and lurked MFA so you'll be fine. I would suggest trying to find a Salon Institute near you. I go to one where they train high-end stylists (rather than just great clips stylists). I get a highly personalized haircut w/o a cookie cutter like mentality towards hair. The place doesn't use numbers on their clippers!.EDIT: For the hair service, I pay $15 (tip included) which is comparable to a GreatClip or SuperCut..Hope that helped
Yeah, it was helpful. Thanks.
Someone needs to make one of those zoom in progression pictures out of this.
Why so many downvotes? Gimme moar. lol
That may be, but you have a fat face, ala Jonah Hill 2009.
Heh, well yeah. Not that fat tho, but still overweight. I'm on diet around month now plus gym. ) Was even fatter back then, lost ~10 kgs in month. Target: 70 kg. Currently 108 kg with 188 cm height. Ouch.
70kg as a 188cm dude means you also need like zero muscle mass so I recommend not setting your goal quite as low
Well, Christian Bale had weight around 61 kg in Rescue Dawn and had nice amount of muscle mass. His height is 190 cm.
 .
Quite impressive how he's losing and gaining weight so fast.
 Maybe I'll stop at 75, if I will be satisfied with result. Will see.
Your over thinking it, I wouldn't say it sucks at all. Looks basic yes, but there's nothing wrong with that
hugo boss. if you catch a sale you can get two for under 500$
iirc, Sarar had decent suits last time I handled one (though it's been some time) the fabric was ok, it was fully canvassed, and the cut was ok, but the construction seemed questionable
You have time....use the above and buy something that retails for $XXXX for $XXX or $XX.
I've had good luck with Zara suits, and they are cheap
Shitty fused construction, decent fit bad fabric.
So shiny... (that's a bad thing, folks)
Yeah definitely stay away from the shiny ones 
i agree, but if you're looking to buy suits cheap and need them in a pinch it is a decent place to go to. if you want quality suits go tailored.
I was in a similar situation as you and ended up purchasing two suits from Suitsupply. I'm very much pleased with the Napoli fit.  I'd be more than happy to help address any questions you may have about my experience with Suitsupply.
Yeah I was looking at a gray wool Napoli. Luckily there's a store relatively near me, so I can actually try it on. Would you say the fit and fabric are worth the price?
I have Napoli fit suits in navy pinstripe and dark grey plain and I would highly recommend this fit and particularly those colors/fabrics. I'm 5'8" and approximately 150 lbs. and it took a while for me to order the right size online (finally settling for 34R), but was an excellent experience and all the alterations required were getting my pants hemmed by a local tailor.
Alright, thanks! I definitely like how the suits look online; hopefully they look as good in person.
I think shorter men can cuff too, it just has to be a smaller cuff. And don't forget, stacking can look good too.
Wouldn't cuffs follow an aesthetic like pleats vs. no pleats that give the illusion of chunkier vs. sleeker?.I regularly cuff my chinos into proportionately smaller folds. But jeans, being heavier is what threw things off in the mirror. 
Your over thinking it.  Cuffs can look fine on shorter at 5'9" I cuff everything because I like it and I'm like where a 30 inseam is too short.  If you want to avoid tho just do an inward cuff.
Check . out, it's pretty helpful. You can also try cuffing and ironing the cuffs, it helps keep them smooth sometimes. Some jeans are harder to cuff right because they're too light. It's a lot easier with thicker, sturdier denim.
I'm somehow stuck at point 7, can you help me there?
pull the jean forward and back, like opening a chip packet, so it doesnt look flared
Ok, thanks!
How much are you cuffing? Are your jeans slim at the leg opening or wide? Cuffing works best with slimmer leg openings. 
Slim.
pics would be helpful
I'll get some up as soon as I can.
white chuck taylor all-stars
on the whole, korean suits are terrible.  they're usually shiny and have jackets that are too small.  there is definitely good custom tailoring, but most places like st&co or hazzys or something sell suits that are, in my opinion, terrible.  that's totally discounting the plasticky shoes that korean salarymen tend to war..its going to be extremely hard to find something for under 300 euro that is long-lasting.  ideally you would buy something that is 100% wool.  i have no idea about budget-priced suits in germany, but uniqlo in korea should have 100% wool suits (although maybe not right now, as it is still summer) that are within that price range.  the problem with uniqlo suits, though, is that they are usually fused, not canvased, so even if they are wool they won't hold up for as long as a nicer suit would.
I'm not an expert in finding suits in Germany/Europe, but Suit Supply is Europe-based and great quality for the price. I think you will need to up your budget slightly though...
Thanks, I'll have a look later today! :) How many $ /  (range) would you think is appropriate / ideal to spend on a suit that avoids the issues mentioned by me?
Thanks for your insight for Korea! :) Will definitely consider this going back. I'm in Germany now though. How many  / $ /  would you think would be appropriate or best to spend on a suit that avoids the issues mentioned by me?
around 500 usd seems to the be the entry point for a quality suit.  
In Germany I would head to a Suit Supply store. Their suits start at 299 and have some excellent fabrics and construction..If you have access to a car then there are a couple of Suit Supply outlet stores in the Netherlands that are apparently well worth visiting (their suits there can go for 150). Roermond has one and is close to the German border.
Got2be by Schwarzkopf has an extreme hold spray that really completely freezes your hair. Best off using a product like L'oreal studio line remix to shape your hair and then freeze it using the spray. Used to do this for a long time, gave me the best results. My girlfriend doesn't allow it though, she likes to look but hates the feel of it. 
Chi silk infusion
Redken Grip Tight or Stand Tough
Layrite Super Hold
Murray's pomade has a really strong hold, but is a bit hard to apply, oil based and tough to wash away. Groom & clean is great, water based, decent hold but never as much as murray's.
Look for them on End Clothing and Tres Bien.
I have the 991 Heritage right now. They are just a quality product and I've always thought they looked good. It's also nice the 4 & 500 series are more affordable so you can get different colors as well ( I dont spend thousands on clothes every year)
400 shoes are not worth buying besides 420s
Yeah, I guess I really just mean the 540s
speaking as a new balance employee, that is a shitty shoe. 
Compare: ., .You'll notice that the detailing is different, particularly the detailing on the sides of the vamp nearer the toe (there's a "strip" on the 1300s that doesn't exist on the 577s), the shape of the rear panel, the shape of the strip the N is on, and especially the eyelet tab panel--which is one piece on the 1300s and two pieces on the 577s. The N itself is smalleron the 577s. You'll notice the lacing ends farther from the front of the toe onthe 1300s, and you'll also notice the lacing is tighter up the toe. The sole appears to be very similar though..Most of the differences between NB models is a combination in differences in shape of the overall shoe (as seen here), differences in the actual detailing, and differences in the sole..It's an odd feeling analyzing these shoes. I used to find NBs quite hideous, but I look at the 1300, 574, 1400, etc. and I can't help but think that these are quite handsome shoes.
I cant deal with the 574 toe, it's really bulbous. most of the 99X series is pretty cool though, and the 1300 is a classic style that is only recently available, it was limited to asia (i believe) for a while..That being said for retro runners my love is the AM1 and Asics Gel series.
Thank you. Is eBay the best chance I have of getting the 1300s in the UK?
I used to really dislike the casual New Balance shoes; they always seemed too chunky. There still are some pretty ugly models, but the NB inspiration album really changed my mind on the 574's, the 996's, and the 1300's.
I know you said not raws, but unbranded jeans are literally half of what you are expecting, at $80, and can be found on sale.
.In the washed denim game, Levi really is the strongest competitor with the most options. To get the size you are looking for, you are probably going to have to get more expensive, check out Acne, or Naked & Famous washed denim. 
uniqlo offers all of their denim in 34 inseam. I'm not sure what cut would be similar to the 511. The only one I'm aware of is the skinny fit tapered (T000), it fits slimmer than the 511 but slightly looser than the 510..Nudie offers washed denim in a lot of sizes too, but you would be paying more there. They have a wide variety of cuts from bootcut to supersuperskinny so you can literally pick whatever you want.
Woah, Last time I looked at UB's website they only had 3 different pairs.  Seems they have a whole lineup going..I was previously avoiding these since nowhere locally would stock them, and thus I can't try the fit before purchasing, but apparently UO sells them online and does local returns, so I might have to try them out. (My next best bet would be a Nordstrom's 2 hours away =/ ).How do those compare to the fit on 511? I assume I'm  looking at the 101s?  They look like they are a teensy bit looser than my current 511s and that's not a bad thing.
Where is this 'upper thigh' measurement taken? Crotch level or a few inches down.. or is that a question for their inbox?.edit: HAHA glad I checked.  Turns out the store's opening this Thursday.   Oh lovely timing..Yeah I'm definitely going to have to try these out.  Might wash 'em once shortly after I get them to minimize the dye transfer.  Still undecided on that part.
Well then, looks like you'll actually be able to go in and try them on. What luck..Hope you enjoy them. 
Yes. If nothing else, irony has been in fashion for quite a while.
I wear a calculator watch sometimes, IDGAF.
I always wore digital watches because I prefer reading them to analogue but honestly, once I started caring more about how I dress, I couldn't find any digital watches that didn't look out of place or cheap. I sucked it up and started wearing analogue watches and they just look so much better, even cheap ones. 
I think GShock watches can work with certain aesthetics, though it wouldn't work with mine. It all depends on what you're going for. 
Can you elaborate on which particular styles a G-Shock would go with?
Techwear and athletic styles are a few that come to mind. Honestly, in my mind if you're wearing sneakers/running shoes, you can do a digital watch too. 
There are a few digital watches that I would recommenced..If money is no problem there are:
I'm taking a guess that the first watch was worn by the guys that did 9/11?
Not quite. It can be had for a low cost in the Middle East, been seen on the wrist on multiple Al-Qaeda members, and has been used in .. Basically, it is cheap, accurate durable, and reliable. All qualities you want in a watch, which also happens to be great qualities for bomb timers and terrorists.

Digital watches in general or G-Shock watches in particular? Yes. But it . depends on the rest of your outfit. Most clothing and accessories are good in the right context, and provided they also suit you (in build, complexion, whatever). This is a womenswear examplebut . has a style that would fit a white G-Shock pretty well, I think. She dresses almost exclusively in white-on-white-on-white and often has very minimal sportswear-inspired fits where a chunky utilitarian watch like a G-Shock would:.I'm inclined to say a white watch would work best for monochrome fits or fits that feature sharp, saturated-hue colourblocking. And I think it's best with fairly clean pieces and silhouettes so you don't get a detail overload (the biggest sin in poor outfits is having too many items that are very individual/complex in aesthetic and appearance, I feel)..It will probably look strange with very traditional prep fits, let's say, or even a bizcaz fitit's very different from the aesthetic and will look out of place and kinda dorky.
Synthetic material that gets itchy if you wear it too long. Visible logo on pant leg (removable with exacto knife). Waist really huge while leg/thigh are tiny, so sizing down to fit waist not really an option (for me anyway). They have a discrete cell phone pocket lower on the leg which I actually really like, just a slit you can fit your phone or some cards in. You can get them real cheap too..I would only go for the Dickies over Dockers if you're looking for a super skinny chino. In my experience they're really pretty different styles. 
I agree with everything besides the itchy-ness. I have a pair of Dickies chinos and they never have been noticable itchy and fit my legs better than Dockers but I have slim legs.
My alphas have been the most comfortable casual pants I own.
Dickie have always felt stiff to me.
I have the same shoe and I wear them without the insoles and sockless.
I have the same shoe, and no not really. People were wearing shoes without insoles for a long time. I wear the insoles, but there's no reason you have to..Those shoes don't really need socks, either. If you decide to wear no-shows then it doesn't matter, but otherwise if I can give a piece of advice... wash your feet. With soap.  Your shoes will still smell like leather a year later.
Besides comfort, there are reasons for getting insoles that fit your feet as well as possible. Many people develop foot and posture issues later in life due to negligence in choosing their footwear.
Right, but people's feet are so different, the insoles that come with the shoe aren't necessarily going to be doing anything good with your feet. I should've said, "there's no reason you need to wear those particular insoles".I actually wear insoles that I bought that fit my feet since I have such a high arch. I don't know many people that do that though, so I assume it's not needed for most people
Insoles are a load of crap.  Zero scientific evidence backing up the supposed benefits of using insoles for people with healthy feet.  .If you have actual medical problems with your feet, you should be looking at custom orthotics from a podiatrist, not Dr. Scholls.  .TL;DR: Use your feet like they were designed, don't put them on crutches 24/7.
I think we are in agreement. You might have a point, but I dont know why you were so hostel.
I think he read "Born to Run" and is now prosthelytizing. 
Did not mean to come across as hostile.  My apologies.  .I get a little worked up at the general misconception of your foot being a weak point in your body.  It's obviously going to be weak if you've never used the muscles in it.  Most people just think their feet are injury prone when they're just weak.
I don't use the insoles
c'mon, Uniqlo! love the place, but another round of wacky colored clothes is a little discouraging. let's hope F/W secretly has some more "normal" garments up it's sleeve - something S/S was certainly lacking. 

Idk man, not feeling any of this really. Was really hoping for an awesome collab. 
patchwork flannel might be cool
I really like the way the warm easy pants look.
Women look like they've got the better of this round again, here's to hoping they give the men something interesting for F/W 2014.
A pity about the collars on those flannel fun shirts, but I suppose I shouldn't have expected anything different..I really dig the quilted skirt, too.
Yeah, I'm curious what you mean by "normal".  Merino sweaters are essentially the same year to year, so in order to be fresh, you gotta do something "wacky"
Just come to Australia already, Uniqlo!
 looks pretty slick. Interested in what the length is like, might be the only buy from me in this collection
some pretty cool stuff coming up,. grabbed my eye. Uniqlo's fleeces from last season were great bang for the buck. I wore mine almost all winter as a middle layer under a parka shell. .. Can't wait to see everything though, the really . sound super warm as do the pants.. looks super weird. Not sure if too crazy or I might .. Might make a cool fit under a plain solid color vest.. looks like the most basic/plain of the projects but the stuff looks really well built/designed. the fit on . looks great with that medium wash.. look like they'll be great functional pants for the winter. shovel snow in, go sledding in, ice skating... etc. . I want to pick up a pair of ...Besides that, not too interested in anything else. I hope they bring back the Heattech socks. Those were super. I also hope they have the same old regular flannels for f/w.
The only things that I'm even remotely interested in are the shirts (not the flannel ones) and maybe the patterned denim shirt. The fleece jackets look alright but I don't need another fleece jacket. Really not liking the direction that they're going in. 
Those warm easy pants shall be mine. Multiple colors, both sport and cargo. Yoinks. 

i love myself some merino sweaters, but look at spring for example - most of the colors were pretty bright/pastel/neon/etc, to the point where typical, reserved colors were saved for the biggest staples. just saying, in the lookbook, all of the models are wearing some of the looks which we saw in the s/s lookbook.
I have no problem with some 'wacky' stuff as I worded it, but I'm starting to fear they are going to relegate the standard colored basics to be a smaller part of the business model, as opposed to the main part. even beyond basics - some black, green, gray parkas, peacoats... I'm sure they'll show up, but not sure at what volume. 
I really like the couple of microfloral looking shirts, and the denim shirts look pretty great too. Still trying to figure out how to wear the one i own though.
I saw this yesterday.  Clothes look cool, but Uniqlo's bizarre web site design continues to confound me.  Very weird trying to actually look at things. 
Yeah, it's a great example of a site that was made to look cool with basically no consideration to user experience or information architecture. There's no way to just see a complete list of the products you want to see in a category, and you're constantly shown multiple entries of the same item for no reason. 
that picture is really supposed to be off the down jacket underneath. I don't think it's actually part of the collection.
Gotcha, thanks for clarifying.  To be fair, spring/summer is time for more "bright" colors where as the fall is for neutral, jewel tones.  If you take a look at some of the fall stuff that has already been released I would say most of it is pretty basic/standard. UNIQLO tends to pick a color pallet for a season and stick to it, so if you like what they've released so far, I'm sure you'll see those colors across the board for the season. 
yup, true - but the Spring/Summer stuff was definitely out there for many items. at the store recently, I was relieved to see the denim shirts. they looked nice!
I feel like buying cashmere from a place like uniqlo is never a good idea. I've always heard if you're not buying top quality cashmere to just buy merino. Anyone with more experience care to comment on this? I've never owned any simply because I'm a college student with no money.
Yeah my sweater from uniqlo is pretty meh
There is a famous french paper which released an article about where is the best cashmere, among the products tested were Zadig et Voltaire, Eric Bompard, and other designers brand, but also Monoprix (you could compare it to Express I guess).
Many data were collected after scientific analyses. Monoprix was elected best cashmere available among the products tested. .
(In french)
I'll try to traduce the most important parts. But basically, you can compare cashmeres with number and size of fibers. .I'm absolutly not a cashmere pro, but it was once a hot topic in France. What I've linked above sums up the situation pretty well.
Would be cool if there was an analysis of this for US brands at different tiers.
midwash denim shirt might be my first uniqlo purchase
damn dude, I've never noticed you not owning anything uniqlo
was gonna pick up some tees but never did.also always on the lookout for that blackwatch plaid shirt 
Well that's a bummer. Uniqlo has/had some decent coats in the past, hopefully they'll drop something similar
dude, topics project is probably the coolest designs i think. wondering if they'll have men's stuff.
I had no idea what was up with the topics stuff. Patterns like that are just not my thing. I was wondering if they were going to have mens stuff too.
yea not for everyone. . is one of my favorite jackets i own though. so some of those crazy patterns are cool to me. i really like the . and 
yeah, I still think they're wicked cool. I'm looking forward to seeing how people wear them. 
like the henley's and the extra fine merino sweaters?  Uniqlo always has tons of normal garments, but they seem to market their wacky ones pretty heavily.
they pop more in ads.  let banana republic advertise the shitty boring cranberry v necks..
yeah, definitely, but that's also the image they give off.  Their website is super bright, and colours are saturated... I think they are targeting a specific market of japophiles (I'm sorry if this is offensive) with their aesthetic... 
That model makes me feel bad about myself.  If (s)he can be a model, why can't I?
it's that jaw mayne
models are pretty much always (a little) weird looking
I just want them to release a plain white silk t-shirt for men...
I was so sad when I saw the silk stuff was all women's. 
ooooh.
I'm glad they're doing patchwork flannel, even if I'm not sure I would wear it..I'm slightly disappointing that all of the more minimalist stuff seems to be tech-oriented.
Qlo always has the worst models. Really makes it hard to judge the clothes when they are draped over a monster.
man, spot on

Man or Woman? Let's make this a thing.
androgyny... it's already a thing
yea, i'm really digging some of those loud patterns.
I don't know what it is about fleece but I can't get behind it.  I think having gone through the 90's as a kid/teen where fleece was really cool and seeing its demise still has an impact on my perception.  I'll be the first to admit this type of thought is irrational and reduces my ability to view an outfit objectively..The men's leggings actually look like they might have a purpose.  It'll really depend on the fabric and fit, but I could see a use for something in between sweats and jeans..Warm easy pants remind me of wind breaker pants. I have similar thoughts about these as I do with fleece..Definitely going to get some of those denim shirts.
I was a figure skater, fleece is the shit okay. It keeps you warm and it's all fluffy but is still lightweight and demands nothing from you.
Woah cowboy, I never said it wasn't functional!
i just can't shake the association with garish, pilly old navy fleeces
Yes, the ubiquity of the Old Navy fleece was something that I think just completely wrecked its appeal to me.  It's like when you have a bad night with tequila and you just can't bear the thought of it for the rest of your life.
maybe if they made something other than the the same mock neck zip jacket.
I basically agree with everything you just said. I can maybe get behind fleece as a middle layer, maybe. I'll probably end up with a denim shirt and leggings pants though.
seconding the leggings.  I'll be very curious to see the material and how they're designed.  
Leggings jeans! ., ., 
Why are they so schlubby-looking on the model?  
I'm looking forward to the denim shirts as well..Thinking of the warm easy pants as something to wear with thermals when I walk my dog in the chicago winters.
once when I was wearing a Uniqlo fleece last winter, someone told me I "looked like Patagonia, like from the 90's". I think that explains it well
that sounds brilliant
J.Crew offers many of their chinos with long unfinished hems. . are 37.5 inches..Chino is a . and khaki is a color. The pants I linked above are khaki chinos. 
You can get some brogues and perforate them with a nail... :)
perforated brogues are a thing, tho if you dont need something quite as professional perforated common projects are really nice
GEOX tout their ventilation and breathability as a magical science. Their products are uniformly ugly and cheap/tacky/naff but if you just need something to see you through the day and vaguely resemble a shoe it might be worth a glance.
regular doc martens are made in sweatshops in thailand just fyi.only the vintage line (or actual vintage) docs will be made in england.pretty much every high fashion designer makes clothes in europe. i dont really know what your style or body shape is so i dont know which to recommend.
Yep I got the good ones. Im also aware that Asia does not necessarily equal sweat shop. But it's hard to find data on that. Any suggestions?
just assume that third world country = sweatshop it makes things a lot easier.if a company can get away with shit conditions and 2 cent an hour wages its very rare that theyll choose to spend money on better factories and wages
The only problem I have with that is very talented people making clothes in Asia outside of sweat shops. I don't want to discount them because of a perception..For example a very successful Vietnamese guy makes one visit a year to Australia to do fittings. He sources fabric from good places and makes a better suit than any fashion label. Yes because it's measured but materials are superior. I'll find some evidence of you like, but trust me, met him.
lol @ best materials and saddleback
Ok. Why lol? I researched quite a bit and couldn't find a fault. Enlighten me?
go find the saddleback ama, . has it sidebarred 
Goddammit. The one time I trust a religious person. That thread seems to have buried what you're talking about. And I'm on a cell. Is there a truthful opinion?
leather made in Mexico rather than USA, claimed to not know about the de facto high quality company Horween, then changed his story
Yeah fair enough. My simple opinion is that cows and pigs are Ok in Mexico. But I am not from nor live in the US. Nor have I researched US vs Mexican livestock. Thanks for my sparking my curiosity.
Hey twothreefour. Matt here from Saddleback. There's a bit of exaggerating going on, so I wanted to pop in. .If you have any other questions, feel free to shoot me a message! I'd be happy to answer..EDIT: I misspoke earlier, I meant to say full grain. Whoops :(
We would like to know what your tanning process is if it wouldn't be too much of a bother to find someone who actually knows. It sounds like you're using chrome tanned leather, are you also hot stuffing it and if so, how. .BTW. Top grain is inherently less durable than full grain. The best top grain on the market is still going to be worse than most full grain leather. But that's beside the point, maybe you have lowered quality and switched to top grain production, maybe you don't care enough to use precise language. Either way it doesn't help your credibility so you may want to be more precise in the future, particularly when you're attempting to defend the quality of your leather.  
How can you make the claim that:.And then post.here: 
I thought Saddleback was full-grain leather. Why is he talking about top-grain leather?
I've spoken to people who know a lot more about it than I do, and I've handled the finished product. They used a lot of terms I didn't quite understand and got very excited when talking about it :) I'm still learning, but I know the end result is beautiful leather that ages even more beautifully. I was a customer/fan long before I started working here, which is one of the reasons I love what I do.
I was tired :( It is full grain.
I meant to say full grain :( My mistake. It's been a long day and I'm a person. I'll be visiting the tannery in October, I can answer more questions then.
That would actually be awesome. We'll expect it
come on.
Very tongue in cheek. Apologies for any offence.
As a complement to .'s comment, you may find A Continuous Lean's . list helpful.
Many people care about this. But it involves . to determine: where they produce their clothes, general ethics and environmental practice, material quality, and build quality.And obviously better materials + better construction + ethical manufacturing practices + fair wages to workers = high prices, so you'll also have to be patient about finding stuff on markdowns or secondhand... Saddleback Leather enjoys selling a "quality" angle but they appear to be slightly more uninformed than desirable about best leatherworking practice + quality materials. Doc Marten boots has decreased spectacularly in quality over the past few decades, although I've heard good things about their Made in England line. They also heavily market their heritage/quality/sturdiness thing, but their products don't hold up to their marketing in some cases..If you care deeply enough, read around and try to find reviews or opinions on forums that have a large population of knowledgeable users and lurk threads to get reviews on quality. You can google around to find "Made in America" brands and whatnot, which is a quick-and-dirty shortcut to find clothing that's presumably produced with high ethical standards. I've found reading discussions on . really helpful; over there and here on MFA and also on Sufu you can find recs for brands meeting your quality/construction/ethical requirements if you are patient. . sounds like your kind of community as well, although they're not super fashion-oriented.., since this is literally their bread and butter. Their moderators . are all incredibly knowledgeable, really informed on quality, and highly enthusiastic.
Nice. Thanks for the time and effort. Very useful stuff.
When I want to get my suit tailored, like many people I go to a tailor. I go in knowing what I want my suit to look like, and I know a well tailored suit when I see one. I don't know a thing about tailoring, though. I know there's measurements and stitching and all that, but I couldn't do it myself and couldn't tell anyone else how either..Dave Munson is not the world's foremost expert on leathercrafting technique. But he knows what he likes, he knows good leather when he sees it, and he knows how to run a business very well, so he hired excellent craftsmen who consistently produce excellent quality. A good businessman and leader surrounds himself with people who know how to do their jobs better than he does..I don't know our exact tanning process either, but that doesn't mean I'm not very proud that I can honestly say I'm working for a company that focuses on excellent quality control and craftsmanship.
What serious leathercrafter doesn't know what Horween is?
[deleted]
I'm not sure what I did to upset you, but I am sorry whatever it is. I would be happy to buy you a wallet out of my own pocket if you would like to inspect our leather first hand. I'm not a rich guy by any means, but I wouldn't offer if I didn't truly believe in what we sell. If you'd be interested send me a message.
It's pretty easy if you aren't involved in leather hobby communities and don't hang around in online leatherworking or fashion forums. I never heard about it until the AMA - in fact lots of people said they hadn't - but I still know lots of leather retailers.
Anyone who knows leather ought to know the variants of leather. Different leathers can come from lamb, calf, goat, horse etc.-- and different parts of those animals produce different looking leathers (like front quarter horse hide (FQHH) or shell cordovan from the horse's rear) and I think if you know what shell cordovan is, you should at least be familiar with the world's foremost producer of it, which is Horween.
Fair
With a bit of research, patience, curbing of impulsive purchases and a clear idea of what it is you're looking for it's really easy to find these kind of items. The trade-off is almost always going to be price though, so you have to be mentally on-board with paying for the quality of materials + higher wages/taxes/small-scale material purchases/etc..To me the fabrics involved in clothes-making are the most important part as I wear clothes primarily for myself - I'd rather a fabric please me tactilely, have interesting properties and have some kind of understandable and coherent origin than simply look the part. I am a big fan of stuff that is made in England or Europe in general and love small scale producers who obsess over textiles (for example: SEH Kelly or Tender)..To find brands that work for you takes mostly effort, reading and playing with items in person. Find stuff that's made in the first world and compare it to stuff from H&M/Zara/the mall. Read threads about those brands online (Schiaparelli has some great suggestions) and discover similar brands. Don't obsess about getting the . quality imaginable - the idea isn't to kill any enjoyment or spontaneity. But an understanding of the factors involved and the elements at play will help you to make an informed decision.
I have a friend that ate carrots for two weeks straight until he shit orange. He doesn't know the exact chemical process that made his shit orange, but that doesn't mean he wasn't very proud. At the end of the day though, it was just a pile of shit. 
The difference, though, is there isn't a leather expert in the world who would honestly say we use bad materials or have poor craftsmanship. .While I appreciate a karma train as much as the next redditor, I'm going to go out on a limb and say most of the people who have been so negative post-AMA haven't handled our products first hand.
I'm sure there are leather workers who would disagree with your statement, but no one here is saying that: they're saying that Saddleback is overhyped. At the end of the day, you sell cheap leather goods, and they're not bad for the price (with exception to the belts, which are an awful value given what can be purchased for the same price or less), but they're not ., and not even really . without the qualification of "for the price". No one would take issue with your brand if not for the cesspool of misinformation that your brand spews out through Dave Munson. .Just to get some perspective, at what non-Saddlebacked leather goods of appreciable quality have you looked? How much high-quality leather have you handled? Have you looked at Tanner Goods, Nicholas Hollows, Coronado Leather, or Billykirk? Why is your product better than theirs? What about leather goods from more expensive leather workers? 
Here's one piece of advice you might be missing - wear a nice brown leather belt. Instantly makes the tucked shirt look a little better. 
Something simple like . though you can find cheaper ones..Other than that just make sure the shirts fit at the waist and don't bunch up a lot of fabric - it might be worth swinging by a tailor if they do.
Levis chinos are good, they are slimmer in the calf then the 514s though.

Thanks for the response. :)
Pastels can go well with colours such as deep red or even pink. So something such as . with .. 
I really like that combo!
I try not to look overall like a rainbow. What this implies for me is that if I wear something bright, I mute it by also wearing something dark. The brighter the color of one item (either top or bottom), the fewer options I have for the color of the other half of my body. .For example, if I wear a bright pink pair of shorts, I don't also wear a bright colored top. Ill choose something either plain like white or black, or some interesting non-adjacent color that has been muted, ie navy blue, or dusty green or really anything else other than red-based colors because it would look tacky with the pants which sit in the same part if the color spectrum, and not bright popping colors because then I would like a highlighter. tl;dr: balance bright colors with dark ones
Thank you, using a bright color and neutralizing it is really sound advice.
Why not something other than t shirts, like a polo or OCBD?
I like the t-shirts because that is what I wear on a daily basis.  I don't wear graphic tees and gym shorts very much anymore.  I also don't want to wear a polo or OCBD because I'm 18 and that would be a bit to dressed up when just hanging out with friends.
I'm 18 too... Polos are very casual, just a t shirt with a collar.
where can I buy?
now that you added that western stitch gunbelt... dude IDK why but I think thats somewhere between hilarious and awesome.  Sexy in a weird way.
I think the first 2 are sweet, I'm not a big fan of the third.
How'd you make these? Can you tell me the process/where you got the materials?
That Tooled Belt is what's up.  I wish I could find something like that.
The brogue belt could use a different buckle so it doesn't look like a women's belt but they all look good. Very sturdy.
Beautiful belts!  Maybe you should go into the business.
I like the second the most, what part of Texas you from? I'm in Houston.
The second one looks awesome, 
I remember seeing an earlier post about your brogued belt. All of these look great. You hand stitched them, right? Every time I think about making a lined stitched belt for myself, I start to go mad. 
They look pretty damn solid! I personally can't see myself wearing them because my style doesn't really go with them, but I can definitely see people wearing them.
Definitely solid choices, I really like the third one, but I think it would look better with a darker buckle. The other two are sweet though. How did you go about making thr first one?
Really like the second one and would wear myself. First is cool, but not my thing. Don't really like the third one though, seems overly busy.
Is there anything that you can see being improved on the third belt?
The make your own belt guide that is stickied is a really good start, as is leatherwork.net for more advanced techniques..Materials are sourced from Tandy when I need things quick and Springfield Leather Co. when I can wait for better quality materials.
I was thinking of maybe using a regular buckle with a belt keeper with the brogue pattern on it as well, but I wasn't too sure if that would end up being too busy looking
Unfortunately, I'm still not at the point where I'm completely comfortable selling belts as of yet..They will be available for purchase eventually, perhaps the first run will be sometime around winter break..Thank you for the interest though!! It means a lot to me that you would want something that I made :)
well find me when you do. Also I will donate some money to test run a belt...just saying...
I'll be sure to let you know when I get to the point where I'm up and running.Perhaps we can work out a deal when the time comes :)
I'm planning on making myself a western stitch gunbelt over the distressed look of belt #2, I think they would go real well together
if you make one, please send me a pic through pm or post it here.  If it turns out well, I would consider funding your production of another.
Thanks, and will do!.I'll let you know when the etsy shop is up and running  :)
Thanks! The distressed belts definitely give off a more laid back and rugged feel, I wear the crap out of mine with boots and jeans..The brogue belt is for a friend who sells mid/high end shoes, so I think it'll go well with the brogue details on the shoes he wears.
+40 to max life?
For these, the stat boost might go to charisma instead.
Definitely not for everyone, but I also like the way they look!.I might end up making myself one eventually  :p
Unfortunately my choices for buckles are limited so getting a darker buckle for belt #3 is a bit difficult..Not sure what you mean when you ask how the first belt is made. I use the exact same leather and techniques as the second belt, the only difference is the buckle and that the first belt was left natural and other dyed.
That's ok! Still a really nice belt. Has a really big summer feel to it..And I meant like how did you go about distressing it?
If I were to tell you..I'd have to convince you to go into business with me
;)
I always wanted to be a businessman :D Where do you sell these?
I don't sell them as of yet, but when I do, they'll most likely be on etsy.
Awesome. Let me know when you do! I'd be willing to purchase one.
Will do!.Could probably hook you up over winter break, just remind me
Eventually I might open an etsy store, but for now I'm still perfecting my skills
Thanks! If you're on the fence about the first belt, I'll post a picture of it with a few weeks of patina. Definitely looks better now in my opinion!
San Antonio! I made a few belts with western stitching too, might post them later.
Is there anything that you could see improvement on the third belt? I see where you're getting the overly busy feel from it but I don't really know what I could have done different.
I think tonal stitching and a slightly dressier buckle with a traditional keeper would help. I'm not sure if it's meant to match brogued shoes, but if it is, I think the casualness of it might hurt a bit right now since a lot of brogued shoes are a bit more formal. 
I see your point, but I will say that there are brogue shoes that can be worn in a casual sense which is what I was imagining when I was making this belt..By tonal stitching, do you mean stitching that matches better or contrasts more?.Thanks for the input!
Its just a very bold design. You will probably only attract customers that want a really western feel. 
I don't necessarily see brogue as a strictly western theme, but I agree that it is a bold looking design
i think most examples of heavily tooled leather tend to look quite busy and appeal to a more niche market. Personally I think belt 2 is awesome and 1 is very nice. 3 is not my style, but somebody will love it.
I completely agree, those tooled belts (which I have made) are really geared towards a niche market/group of consumers
Its all relative. I live in the northeast so anything that looks like that to me is "western" haha.
The only reason I say that is because brogue shoes are considered classic American style and not western. That being said, I live in south Texas, so my sense of style and what is acceptable might be a little off  :p
I meant more matching the tone of the belt. I think the contrast in colors on the stitching is a lot of what's making it feel so "busy". 
Ahh..Alas, my choice of thread color is limited as well, especially when I want the thread to be a specific material. The thread I used what the closest match I had on hand..Good suggestion though, I absolutely agree
Indeed, all hand stitched and hand everything, I'm too poor to afford any type of machines to do this stuff 
I think that style would look better on a darker brown.  I also dont like yellow metals. 
Fair enough, I can definitely try that..I'm planning on making myself brogue belt in a darker brown and antique brass buckle. Might post it when I get around to it..Thanks for the input!
when you make it please do post it.  
Will do!.It will most likely be around winter break time, so there will be a bit of a wait.
Mind sharing details?  Your work is lovely, and seemingly very labor intensive!  .Specifically, weight and type of leather for the belt and the lining?  Is there a reason you chose to close the loop with rivets instead of stitching?  Also, what makes you go with/without a keep?.P.S. Cool makers mark.
All leather is veg tanned and full grain. I use two layers of the same thickness and glue and stitch them together with a super secret material in between them to minimize max length stretch for the Gunbelt (just one layer of leather for regular belts). The weight is not exact, I get strap blanks and then skive them down to the thickness that I feel is right. I actually don't close my belt keeper loops with rivets, they are stitched together. I rivet the second layer to the first on the end close to the buckle end because stitching holes are like perforations on paper, a weak spot that can eventually fail. Rivets keep the holes further apart so tearing is not an issue. What makes me choose a keeper or not is really just what I feel like the belt would look good with. I do think dressier belts with a nice center bar buckle have an overall cleaner look than a belt with a keeper loop..Makers mark is also my Dad's business logo, thought it would be cool to pay him some respect.
Thanks for the detailed response, I appreciate it.  Respect for all that skiving - seems to be the hardest skill to get down reliably.
Pro tip:.For items 1.5" and under in width, you can use a block plane for wood working to skive, just be sure to sharpen the blade and strop it well
It says they do free shipping.
Thank you so much !
can you buzz it?.a beanie in the summer just seems ridiculous...
Beanies in summer scream high school. No one will look twice at your haircut unless you keep messing with it all the time.
Don't wear a beanie..No one IRL cares about your bad haircut.
Searching for the CA number . turns up .. A little Googling reveals that they were a sneaker store that .. 
Wow, thanks for your help! I was assuming that CA referred to California, not Canada, but that makes sense (with the French version). Sad to see they're out of business, but I feel better at least knowing where they came from now. Guess I'll just have to find another pair of magic shorts. 
Yup! In the United States, the equivalent is .. Those actually do look like nice shortsI like the 5-pocket design and slim leg openings. If I were trying to reproduce them, I'd probably buy some . and have a tailor hem them to the correct length..Alternatively, you could just get the pockets repaired.
Khaki chinos go well with a black t-shirt. Even your black and indigo jeans will pair well with the shirt, providing the fit is good. For chinos, usually you don't want much break in them. If they are as long as the pants you posted, then either hem them or cuff them a few times.
You are 16, you can get away with anything you want to. Experiment with anything in your wardrobe and decide for yourself what looks good and what doesn't. Basic color rules: brown goes with anything except black, black goes with anything but navy and brown, navy goes with anything but black..Also, read the sidebar at least once before posting. It's there for a reason, and will answer all of your questions. .And remember, teenagers can never be cool. Wear whatever you want and don't worry about it. 
i think a lot of norse outerwear fits a bit baggier to accommodate layering. usually a lot of their outerwear is purely a shell, and you would want to stick a sweater or knit underneath
I would say go true to size. I have a 35" chest. I bought an Nunk in XS expecting it to fit a little big (I have a J Crew field jacket in XS, for instance, that I can't wear without a hoodie or something layered under), but the Nunk is pretty much a perfect fit. Meaning I don't know if I could layer more than a sweater under there. I kind of wish I'd gotten a small. 
Thanks for the response. My chest size is similar to yours, and I'm 5'11. Do you think a small would fit me?
I would strongly suspect so. I'm 5'9.5" and both the sleeves and the body on the XS are on the short side. You will have chest room but my feeling is that that's practical for the type of jacket. .IMO the XS . really good with just a shirt for me, but I don't know if it will be practical as a winter jacket (FWIW I've yet to test it in the winter)
thanks, I think I'm gonna go ahead and order the small. I think there are returns also in case it doesn't fit.
Wipe the dust off with a horsehair brush and a damp cloth. Apply some leather cleaner or saddle soap to a cotton cloth or an old t-shirt, and clean the entire shoe (laces off) thoroughly. Let dry. Then apply some polish that is a similar shade to the shoe, and buff with a brush or cloth.
Saddle soap.  Not a lot, just enough to clean them.  Afterward be sure to use some leather conditioner to restore the moisture to the shoes and give them a nice polish.
Holy shit, that's a nice pair of JM's for $15.  I would give them a good wipe down with leather conditioner outside and in and let that sit for a few hours.   then put some nice cedar shoe trees in them to dry em out.  
any specific brand of leather conditioner should I buy? I'm kind of new to using good quality leather shoes.
The best disinfectant will be sunlight and fresh air. Lightly rub down the inside of the shoe with a . amount of rubbing alcohol and then leave them in the sun.
You know, I'm lost on that one.  I use Justin brand leather cleaner/conditioner but I don't know if there are better brands out there.  I've used it on my car seats and my Allen Edmunds and it's worked well on both(by that I mean the shoe didn't disintegrate or anything)  .I'm in for the answer from someone more knowledgeable as well. 
Can't recommend saddle soap. If you are near a Walmart go pick up a bottle of Lexol leather cleaner and Lexol leather conditioner. They are like $7 bucks each and are probably in the automotive section. You might also want to spray some disinfectant into the sboes, but be super careful. Also change those laces they are horrible. 
Not normal. Usually, the rule is (from top to bottom): sometimes, always, never. On a two button, just: always, never..And unbuttoned when sitting down. 
I've never experienced a 2" rise increase when moving up in inseam only.. what brand of pants are these?
specifically this was a problem with Van Heusen most recently, but I believe I also had a problem with Sonoma
[deleted]
presuming that I wear pants AT my waist (I really can't adjust it much), the rise makes the difference between whether or not my ass fits in or not (as well as whether or not the boys get breathing room).
But thank you for not answering my question.
 so bad. Can't find it in my size anywhere. Frowny face.
A pair of Persol 2720s. 

Black or Dark Navy Peacoat.Bunch of different color chinos.cardigans and better sweaters
Danner Overton Mountain Lights.

Thinking about splurging... Kind of want to try it on first
I could never afford this, but this . would be awesome to have.
 but it's 90 dollars so I refrained. I'll wait til it's on sale.
I've really wanted a parka this winter. I don't even really know what type though. I don't want it to look like a North Face coat. Any suggestions for something preferably <$200?
I want some damn grey suede oxfords but can't find that special pair
This but with the speckly norse t shirt fabric. Not sure if they even exist, but you know
A tan unstructured blazer, like .. Anything better I should consider? I like this one because it looks casual, but nice enough that I could wear it to a wedding or to work.
when the Y-3 qasa was announced i thought it was cool.now i'm just feeling meh about it. hmmm. 
Know when the drop date is? Keep getting more hyped every time I see it. 
On the lookout for a cool turtleneck. Preferably a thick knit.

Surface to Air ...not sure about which color tho, want both
I'm trying hard to resist getting .. The only thing really holding me back is the possibility that there could be a 30% off coupon that slips through like last year. .Anybody have these?
i believe most j.crew discounts don't apply to collaborations. i know there are some on occasion, but i think those are few and far between.
Yeah you're right about that. I do know that the 10% off you get for signing up for the mailing list definitely applies. Unfortunately CA sales tax basically brings it right back. .I can't find it now, but on the SF Alden thread there were reports of J. Crew's 30% off (accidentally) working on the collabs back in November. I've been on a bit of a shoe spree lately, so any excuse to not buy right now is good, I guess. 
watched Drive, i want nothing more than to get my Levi's Trucker tailored like Gosling's. canadian tuxedo my ass.
Yeah that one's gorgeous
 for hiking and those snowy/icy days where I have to traverse up the hill for classes.
I think I want a similar pair from online pictures, but I can't tell if I'll like them in person.
I love Danner's quality

I want the fucking Henley I ordered from Frank&Oak a month ago..Also I'm suddenly very interested in this . 
Nantucket Reds..Anyone have any favorite brands?
 on the great divide. Ugh.
Dark green blazer for fall football tailgates. Any recommendations? 
Loose weave off white linen pants, cropped is good. Any suggestions? .Also totally unrelated but Acne max cash and C&J Chelsea 5 .And a new pair of slubby raw denim, either SG or PBJ, my momotaros aren't going to fit well for much longer 
-DRKSHDW Ramones.-Most acne stuff.-A perfecto jacket.-Visvim 20L (lol not gonna happen)

Can anyone tell me how warm these are though? I'm CONSIDERING picking one up for winter. I don't expect the levels of winter protection I'd get from a . but I'd like it to be warmer than something like .Thoughts?.EDIT: I live in N. Idaho, temps at worst of around 0 + 30mph wind gusts, snow. Assume proper layering underneath (a shirt + sweater, at least) but don't assume the layering will do all the work. If I drop 3-400 on a jacket, I want it to be warm. 
That first jacket is near godly.
The Filson? Good lord yes. 
I want a decent, slim-fitting navy or grey double-breasted peacoat. 
Really want a mandarin collar shirt. I want the fabric to be super casual and textured, like linen or a very light cotton. I have no idea where to look. I've looked at yoox but that's the only place I can find a decent concentration of them. Any suggestions?
Luxire would make it for you.
Ooh didnt think about that, thanks
I've got two planned for them for hopefully next month
Nice.
Lately I've really wanted white converse and 80's style high waisted jeans
 and an olive boonie hat
Me too, so bad. 
I want a pair of Park Avenues and dammit I'm going to get them at the Nordstrom sale this weekend.
Just bought a pair off ebay for nearly 50%.  Can't wait to get them tomorrow. 
I'll be receiving mine in the mail on Thursday :) if the fit is bad, Nordstrom's return/exchange policy is the best out there. 

Nordstrom has a good sale right now on some of their Naked & Famous raws.  
Any good ideas where to start?
 .First reccommendation is almost always gonna Unbranded. 
Yeah I was reading the wear and care portions of multiple denim threads. I was looking into unbranded. Just blanked on the name. 
End Clothing is having a sale, check either r/expensivemalefashion or r/frugalmalefashion for the link + code, you may be able to step up in quality for the same-ish price.
I picked up some Gustins recently for cheap, but UB has reasonable prices also.
There is a $20 off promotion via invites for Gustin and you can usually find sales on UB and other raws.
Check out the sub though!.EDIT: assumed you would prefer to start cheaper, but . has great suggestions as well
How do you like your gustins?  I just backed a pair, and am hoping for the best. 
I will be getting them in the mail within a month I hope.
It's unfortunate how long it takes, but thats how they manage their price point.
Ah yeah i feel ya, mine are suppose to ship in Sept. 
I have a pair of the heavy americans that I really like.
if you want to ease into raw denim without dropping a couple bills unbranded is oft-recommended. .they've got a variety of cuts and colors with a reputation for decent quality and construction....if cost isn't a concern, apc, 3sixteen, naked & famous, nudie, and rogue territory are some popular brands.

Holy shit those grensons are exactly what I've been looking for.  You find them anywhere in a dark brown?
I've just checked their website, for that style there doesn't seem to be a dark brown - ...There are wingtip styles w/ the white wedge sole - for ...As well as dark brown shoes that are similar (i.e. plain toe white sole):.Bonus is some are on sale! Hope this helps!
Simple enough, but I love 
High rise black linen cropped trousers
Good lord, the price on those shoes. What kind of outfit are you imagining with those?
I'm smitten by how LN-CC styled the Dries Van Noten f/w collection with them:., ., .If I were to wear them it'd be with cropped black trousers, white shirt or scoop t-shirt and a thick/long/. cardigan
You're in a copping spree
The shoes aren't likely to happen they're just super cool. Tender trews maybe some way down the road. Am definitely tempted to have Luxire make me up some trousers though, based on my high-rise suit supply trousers which fit fantastically.
Just bought a pair of 5" swim trunks from bonobos. This is my first foray into shorts anywhere near that short, so I'm using them as a test to see how I like them. If it suits me ill be keeping my eye out for some 28" waist size shorts..I need to get a few more pairs of Alphas, I jus need to decide on colors..Oh, and I've been wanting a leatherman belt with the field hockey motif for a little while now. Pink on navy shouldn't be too hard to work with I don't think, but I kinda wish the pattern was red.

some kind of linen or leather jacket with sharp lines and long sleeves.
those are two very different materials
both of which I am lacking in outerwear ;)
I know I might get some flak for the trendiness or cheapness of the list overall, but really there are just some looks I'd like to try out and this is the entry-level stuff I'm looking at
 These guys are restocking every few days on Team Red.
Thanks man! I appreciate it. The only problem here is I know someone I can buy Nike items from for cheap thanks to their employee discount, so I need to be able to order it from the site if I want a deal. I have to weigh my options here
That's understandable, also if the previous website is still sold out when you make up your mind, . is also selling Team Red for sizes 10 and up.

, just end already, summer. >:(
This is a beautiful peacoat. I am looking for a good winter jacket and that's some nice inspiration. I might actually pick it up. 
Lewis Leathers "Lightning" Jacket, anyone own one and can vouch for it being worth the cash?
I've got my eyes on the . however they're impossible to get in Canada in a size 13 for less than $150 and I'm not willing to pay more than 200% msrp on principle (and my budget).
Those aren't just impossible to get in canada...
If you know how shipping is up here, anything that's difficult to obtain down south is vastly exacerbated up here. I had a pair lined up for $110 to ship from the US (which I was willing to pay), before I realized that the free shipping in the US was an additional $60 to Canada.
Jesus.Your healthcare makes up for it though...
The worst part is that I could literally drive south for an hour and be in the US. So frustrating.
I really want that . fishtail in green that is on sale right now but I don't currently have the money to splurge.
 found for a good price.a heavy flannel of some sort, any recs?
RE the flannel: the flat head and iron heart make some of the best in the game, pure blue japan makes these amazing double gauze shirts too
whoa those pbj shirts look really cool
Handled them in BiG and they're the softest shirts over ever felt 
dreamy.  High quality hikers like that are so fun to look at.  Wish I had the money for serra's or the 
Engineered Garments for flannels. I have a nice one from Gant Rugger for a different price range..re EG flannels: 
i like these a lot too. where can i find EG stuff?
nah man, don't get those.  better vis models out there.
I would honestly pull this trigger on this if they had my size, and I had the money. Too bad I have other things I need to buy first, like a new suit, shoes to go with that suit, and more stuff more bizcaz
looking into rogue territory stealth sk. not sure if they have anything that works for my waist size post stretch though (true 28 waist, so 14in flat)
.  measurements look pretty solid and my black jeans are disintegrating.:  Also the . are looking pretty nice.
whats a close fit like levi's or something cheaper than the kanyes?, because I'm digging them. don't make me do it.
I can't find a set of accurate measurements on the ye's.  I'm bad at jeans fits but those appear to have a super strong taper and be fairly skinny and are cut from the usual APC denim, so I'm not sure what you could find that'd be very close
Looks like a cross between jeans and trousers/chinos. I'd rather get two separate items.
curious thought.  It's a waxed pair of jeans.
I'd put my money on something like the New Cures, big thighs and then a hard taper to the leg opening.
yeah that's the closest one to these, but this is a completely new cut for APC
Seconded 
Unrelated,  but is your name a reference to slaughterhouse five?
Yessir. Letters being "unstuck in time"
(Can't choose between those 2, it's too hard).W+H slim denim (noticed a trend yet?) in . or 
I just got some N&F duck canvas pants second hand on ebay for $70 already hemmed. I love them, they're so comfortable and I highly recommend them.  
Do you happen to know what shoes the model is wearing in the Wings and Horns chino pic? Or something similar.
I think it's 
if u can get a good price on the w+h denim they're real nice.quality isn't really there though at full retail though, i had two holes form randomly on the leg after ~4 months, and at ~10 months i have two giant crotch holes
Gilt has the 1-year wash one for 99$ right now, i will most likely end up buying them.Do you beat them or smt, or are they just that not durable?
yeah that's a good deal.i mean i wore them like 4-5 days a week, it was pretty normal wear when the first holes just randomly appeared. you can see them on the left leg .. i also washed them about once every two months and the crotch still blew out, which usually just happens when  you don't wash your raws or infrequently wash them..other than that though i liked them a lot, the denim feels great and fades pretty well
these look great
These NBs
.Having trouble finding a pair that will ship to Canada though
They have the new versions of those (v3) at Sportchek.
thanks!
-.
-Anorak
-Floral anything
-Rigid Levis.EDIT: Are anoraks okay to wear on a rainy fall/winter day by itself or as a layer?

Love the pebblegrain on these
Very nice! Bought similar from Barker (Lambourn) in cherry.
me too man. i've also been eyeing . after creeping on . a bit.
They're stunning in person (the boots in general, not roidsrus' specifically although they most likely are!)
  .It's so beautiful
that's a cool shirt, the only thing that bugs me is the tag on the right side.
very nice

Ew, 100% poly - I have a bad feeling about the look of the material in person.  I'd look for leather instead.
I don't really want a leather bomber though. I think this would be great for ., and I want it because it'd be fun to fuck around with, but I can't put my finger on how to make it work. I can only think of like 2 or 3 cool fits, and even then I'm uncertain about how they'd actually turn out, with it which is why I haven't pulled the trigger.You're right though, the material may be shit in person. It really doesn't help that I've never seen the brand around before, either
I just think that letterman style jackets should be leather or leather/wool.  You can put one over a lot more things than a white/black poly jacket - I can't imagine the one you linked over chinos, for instance.  
Fair enough, but I'm not necessarily looking for something that's immediately reminiscent of a letterman's jacket anyways. And I know it wouldn't be versatile, that's kind of the point. Push my own boundaries and all that
I want . or . in the upcoming Nordstrom sale. I'm still so torn, and I'm supposed to be on a cop freeze but I just want them both so bad.
osb
I'm leaning way more toward that side
which OSB?
Camp mocs
I have both and they serve pretty different purposes. I think the camp mocs are better for casual looks but the strands with a navy suit is a killer.
Oh yes, absolutely. The thing is, the Strands will be on sale again in December, and I wouldn't wear them much until then anyway (my job requires black slacks and black shoes.) I've just been eyeing them for a while now.

Good choice on the tie, the prometeo is a meaty weave
Not my style, but always had a hard-on for Burberry trenches. One of these days.
I just discovered that a shop in my country sells the .. My god, I want them so badly, but i need to buy rain clothing, a power drill and a pair of three/four-season shoes instead....Thinking of buying some rain gear a la 
I've got some Rancourt penny loafers. Awesome shoes. 
. I'm between sizes though so I can't get it
Gant home run jacket in medium, cant find it online anywhere. Oh well
Could someone tell me whether I should buy these or not?
yes.maybe.yes
yes 
yes
maybe
where's the jacket in #1 from? thanks.
Norse Projects Nunk Sports Jacket
thanks.
Whats the sizing like on norse jackets? I tried asking this in another post but got no replies. 
they run a little on the big side from what i've heard, but you can find the exact measurements on the website.
ok cool, thanks!


I like the folk knit but I like it better in navy.
where do i find 2?

This Acne shirt/sweater/whatever: .
On the fence about it, but will probably cave an buy it. .Not original, but Common Projects white achilles low's. I've been wondering what sneaker to get, and have decided on this one. Waiting it out for a few weeks to see if I can get a deal somewhere, otherwise I'll just pay retail for it. 
I tried on the Beckman Chukka the other week and I think I really want them. Don't think they're part of the Nordstrom sale so I might just do Amazon and 20% off. But considering Dalton instead. Incidentally, I usually wear a 14 in AE dress shoes, but traditionally wear a 13 in most boots. Do I want a 13 or a 14 for the Dalton? 
IIRC, the dalton is made on the same last as the strand and park ave. If you have either, you'd want the same size. 
I can't directly answer that question, but I feel like when dealing with leather ALWAYS size down until it's practically too small. Leather stretches.
Hm, I was looking at the web site, and it looks like a lot of the shoes on the same last are labelled as "comfort" shoes which makes me think they might run large (like a lot of boots). I think I'll try the 13 first. I should be able to exchange them no problem if the fit's not right. 
-white pocket tee.
Maybe Everlane? I already have some everlane tees but can't decide if I should look elsewhere. I like the price point but kinda want something a tad thicker..
 -olive chinos.
-to get the stuff I just never wear out of my closet and into someone else's. .Edit: one more: fall
I love my white pocket tee from uniqlo. Thick enough not to show nips but thin enough to be nice in the summer. 
Could you compare them to everlane or have you never tried them?
I have a few everlane tee and uniqlo is definitely thicker, but in a good way. I found everlane's tees to be to flimsy for my tastes. The fit is about the same, maybe everlane is a bit slimmer but not too much. Uniqlo has great size charts you should use to find your size. 
Spring for unis gio for olive chinos
That's my goal, penguin. We'll see if I can coax the money out of my wallet. 
If you're willing to spend that much you could just go with 3sixteen or Rogue territory. The Naked and Famous Elephant 3 is also around that price. You should browse blueowl until you see something you like. Japan blue is also in that price range.

Any idea who the shirt is from?
None. I don't know how to find it. I just saw it somewhere.
jacket is cool too

..Looks like Sons of Heroes Spring/Summer 2013 collection..Edit: You can buy it 
wish i could afford this ..
That's really pretty
I've been wanting to try some KKA stuff. Don't know too much about it though

What do you guys think of this shirt, it looks perfect for fall
not a huge fan of the pattern
I got one in dark shadow and it just showed up today. Verryyyy sweet. I'm gonna be wearing it a ton this fall.
It looks so pretty in the picture. Which one do you think I should go for if I get it, Khaki or Blue?
Without knowing your closet/style, I'd probably get khaki. I was super close to getting the khaki one myself as it'd be a really versatile piece..In the end I decided as I've been becoming more and more monochrome it'd be best to go with black, plus it'll stand out more. There's a lot to consider!
I really like it, but not enough to buy it otherwise I would have copped one earlier..If you love it, it is really cool.
its pretty cool..the Norse projects website has a 50% sale, I'm not sure if they have the broken leaf shirt still but if they do its for sure cheaper
How long is the sale?
i honestly have no idea.cop soon my friend
If you do end up getting it i think there is a couple for cheaper on ebay 
I want to like them but I just can't; dat thick sole..Diemme do much nicer hiking style boots, and i'm assuming they'll be much cheaper.
the thick sole is actually my favorite part of those shoes
i found the vis for around $300, which i think are similar to the diemmes full price? either way, do you know any diemme stockists?
diemmes are more than that brand new
For $300 I feel like you're obligated, if you like them and have the dough.
I do, but in Europe. Where are you based?
USA
That pic looks really wack...like the model is disproportionate in some way. Otherwise, pretty cool jeans
ssense is bad w/ pics like that.  I'm mainly not linking to the product itself for fear that one of you will buy all of the ones in my size because I'm literally that paranoid when it comes to clothing.
ssense and yoox take some extremely off-putting/unflattering model pics
It looks like the model has a disproportionately tiny waist. I thought it was a mannequin at first.
ha, ok..no need to worry about me though. I have absolutely no money.
I want a thick, but not waffle knit, navy henley. All help will be appreciated.
Someone posted . yesterday and there are some awesome henleys on there.

Really like the chunky sole. You have good taste in shoes, friend.
Thanks dude!
as a minimalist shoe/barefoot running/vff wearing guy i find the chunky sole really really horribly uncomfortable looking, and unfortunately don't have a reasonable, minimal suggestion to offer bc nobody makes fashionable minimalist shoes.
A minimalist sole would give off a different aesthetic anyways. Suffer for fashion.
Where can one get these sexy shoes?
Maybe eBay. Maybe Size? They're red suede air force 1s.
Those are quite nice. Is it the color, or the sole, or the textures?
All of the above, brother.
I have the blue of these, really really cool shoes.
they are rad
ahem, you're looking for the ...Here's a .... 
Wait, I thought he wanted navy and not waffle-knit? I tried on that Double Diamond henley the other day, though. I really like it a lot; I might go for it.
woops, I didn't see the navy part. I thought he was more against the distinct waffle look so I thought something more subtle would work too. Nice, what size did you fit in? Looking at the size chart on BiG I'd have to probably get an XL...
I'm also interested in the sizing. I'm not sure if I should go with L or XL; I wear a small/medium in most henleys.
NSFW tag man , I am at work
Aaaaah stop it I don't have the money right now!
yeah you are damn right I am
EDIT: formatting
end clothing has the red blazers up for pre-order in case you're interested
Got those blazers in low tops for $30 at a Nike outlet store, just as a heads up, or at least VERY similar. Sole isn't quite the same
Love those Blazers, been wanting some forever.
Thanks for the heads up! They're having a sale right now too aren't they? 
Only on stuff that's already on sale unfortunately (extra 20% off I think), and since htese are preorder they aren't included. A lot of the old pairs of blazers that end has are on sale now (for really cheap), so yours may go on sale eventually, but they also will likely be sold out of your size by then unfortunately
Ah gotcha. Thanks for the info anyways!
Are those blazers suede?
yup
That's cool man.

I think norse has an additional sale of 50% going on right now.makes me want to cop even though I need to save to get a saint laurent clutch for my mom as a gift
Bought a sweat from the end sale and I want more and am contemplating it but I just feel like I shouldn't spend more money.
too many sales.I feel like I've spent too much already
How is the fit on Norse Project? Their measurements are weird on me. Correct on the shoulders but big in the chest. I'm considering either buying one of these though.
.

Haven't gotten it yet so I'm not sure. The shirts fit a little looser than Uniqlo slims though.
word dude. word.
And now HW Carter is tempting me with oak streets and it's so bad.
You're me, like 6 months ago, haha. But the Norse projects stuff, it's great. Don't get the 574s, there's some much more interesting profiled NB's out there. Make sure you get a nice colorway..Can't speak for the light green linen pants, but my RW Iron Rangers have been amazing, if a little too large...
I just got some 574s in the burgundy/gray rugby colorway. so good
If you're a small and looking for the cotton speckle shirt from Norse, I can sell it to you as it's too small for me.
What would you sell it for?
I paid a little less than 80 for it, worn it twice and washed it once. 60 shipped?
Is it the off-white one? 
Yeah, it is the off white one.
I own NB 420's and they are awesome. I recommend them. 
Zayg and NP sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-S-S-I-P-P-I.. Is that a bird?
np tees or button shirts?
buttoned
When Qlo isn't doing something of the scale of sander/undercover I feel like they're not even trying. Bastian was a cool idea but it lacked substance.
arent they doing a neighborhood collab for this winter?.
i saw an image that had nbhd x uniqlo or something 
get the ..
So dope. I want these so bad. I can't find a price though, anyone know?
are they just impossible to get in UK?
1300s are definitely my favorite nbs
i dunno if I've seen any others that I liked as much as that one.  Some of the ronnie fieg collabs definitely, I think he works with the 1300's the most.
I really like the colorway of these .. I haven't really seen anything similar to that in 1300s though.
Do you have a link to where I could buy these? I like them a lot.
that's the pair of size 11s that . was selling in FMF's BST from last week.
Ah alright. I'm only a size 9 anyways so I'm out of luck. I guess they don't sell them new anymore?
honestly no idea dude :/
those are pretty $$$.might cop
they're one of my favorite colorways.  I may pick em up eventually too.  
I think they're out of stock almost everywhere. I saw them a few months back, but now I can't even find a pair on ebay.
That sucks. They really do look nice. Thanks anyways, though!
Yea, man. They're my favorite 420 colorway, too...
God I just can't get myself to accept all that branding but damn if that doesn't look pretty.
there's nothing to accept, but it's all good if you don't like it, not everyone here is about to
around 150 on ebay, just search new balance 1300 grapes
For the same price, also take into consideration
*red

Any pictures of that peacoat buttoned up? 

man i hate normal reddit
Cant find any pics online but I'm gonna go instore and try it on. Probably post in simple q's my man..Winter's almost over here though so I might not cop.
What's shocking is that you didn't even talk about fashion, which is what usually gathers a lot of heat; you talked about the economic reason why APC was selling the T-shirt at such a price, and you still got hate..But hey, Reddit is a website used by millions of people, most of them won't agree with you and some of them will be very vocal about it.
I'm gonna get a few things from ye.p.c next paycheck. That sweat is too cool.
what're you getting? could see you in most, if not all of it
At minimum one pair of jeans, one tee, and the ss hoodie. Leaning towards white tee, indigo jeans currently. I really love It all though. If I like the cut of the jeans I'll probably end up with both. 
Can i just live vicariously through you
you may :)
as someone dabbling by buying a white ye.p.c. shirt, what do you think its best pairings will be with? right now I'm thinking with skinny black denim and simple sneakers or boots, anything bolder in mind?
I would say yes to the skinny black jeans, but no to the simple sneaks. You need some chunky high tops or something to balance out the length of the tee or it looks like just a big t-shirt. I personally will be pairing the tee and jeans with my Rick high tops. .Like . with more stacks on the jeans and the tee instead of the tank essentially. 
Looks great. I was thinking of emulating something similar with maybe beckmans or . or high top jordans.
Jordan Is would be the way to go

ugh
come one I thought it was a good joke.
Come one, come all-- it was a good joke
Really like that NP tee. Nice try explaining the Kanye shirt to a bunch of close minded assholes.
this guys comment was hilarious. i hope it becomes the next Navy Seals copypasta:.Yeah, no. That's not who I am. I'm a classically trained musician with 20 years of education and experience ranging from composition, performance, arrangement, and theory analysis to lyrical critique.
I understand the art far better than you do, and in our field Kanye is a "guilty pleasure" for a reason.
The fact that people have elementary school level understanding (if they paid any attention, which is highly unlikely) of something as complex and scientific as music is sickening. The fact that people being sold the shit from the bottom of the barrel and they lap at it like dogs is worse. The fact that they defend the quality of the shit they suck up is the absolute worst.
Tl;Dr: You have no idea what you're talking about.
In your opinion, is there any current artist who is not classically trained who is making good music?
I'm so confused with what you are trying to say 
sorry, the first part was him quoting a reply and then after that is his response. .the navy seals copypasta is the 'what did you say about me you little bitch...' etc that gets posted a lot on reddit
most pretentious thing I have read all day
It's interesting to see people tune out entirely and become incredibly aggressive when you're trying to explain that people like different things. .That bacon_taste guy... wow.
Well the thing is, what's the point of trying to explain your point of view to some one that doesn't listen or refuse to listen. .. Reddit is Reddit, it's a brick wall full of people who aren't willing to challenge their comfort zone. They get angry over stupid and trivial things like a goddamn t-shirt. MFA tries to defend a lot of it's viewpoints but it's going to be in vain no matter what. It's just the internet.
yeah, thats exactly how I saw it. discussions like that on reddit are more of vortex of conflicting opinions than an argument. 
also worth noting he objects to child labor but wears 
but but but the value....
any time somebody posts on the internet about starving children, an angel gets to do its first "air jerk"
reddit is racist as shit. jesus christ
That bacon_taste dude went so off the rails it was ridiculous.
Also, even if it's not surprising.. just never visit . ugh.
If that's surprising to you, never visit .!
That was a crazy read... The general reddit's reaction to APC x Kanye collab was just horrible. It was hilarious how some of them seriously think the quality of APC shirt is the same as a shirt from Walmart, and I guess none of them have heard of Demand and Supply, seeing how they were sold out pretty much right away, it's obvious that the shirts were priced correctly. They just can't seem to understand that APC doesn't cater to low income university students.
Alright i understand everything else you said, and i respect your opinion on this subject, but isnt saying they dont cater to low income uni students just a nicer way of saying they charge rip off prices that only more financially stable people can afford? Think about it, sure the shirt is cut in a way that makes it unique, and the cotton is different from a walmart shirt, but you cant deny that a large portion of the price is from the names behind it..tldr; they gouge people who have money with their brand name and exclusivity, and uni kids complain because they could have actually afforded these shirts if they didnt charge so much more just because they could.
At that price range people who buy these pieces know exactly why they're buying it and know the hype/quality of the design and the artist who apc collaborated with are large factors in the price point. I think people who are buying these clothes think the price is fair. .. Nothing is surprising about the cost of this. .And for .Maybe we're seeing different uni kids but no one in that thread complaining cares at all about buying this shirt. "Oh, if only it were $50 I'd buy it so fast!". .People pay $50 a shirt for the real mccoys (probably higher quality than apc though), really a limited collab with Kanye for just over twice that amount doesn't seem that weird. .This happens in tons of hobbies and industries.  Limited edition/collab/'signature' items are priced using factors that aren't a simple quality:price ratio.
no
You could take it that way... but that would be a dishonest and sensationalistic way of saying "low income university students are not in the market for high quality designer shirts collaborated with one of this generation's biggest star/fashion icon".I can totally understand where you're coming from though, it's a plain white t-shirt for $120!! But your idea of "rip off prices" is wrong. Are they overpriced .? YEP. That's why they're getting angry online and won't be buying them. Are they overpriced .? NOT AT ALL. As soon as they were available, they were sold out, their website crashed, and they are taking preorders. That shows that they were NOT overpriced, but even underpriced slightly..Well you've nailed this bit. People aren't paying for a white t-shirt in itself, they're paying for a high quality t-shirt made by a French designer, which has a high entry price point to begin with, but now has the added star power of Kanye West, making it even more exclusive. If uni students could afford it, then this t-shirt would lose most of its appeal, and won't be valued as much..That's was a bit long winded, but I hope my explanation made it a bit more understandable why people will buy these "rip off" shirts!
Yeah okay your response made a lot of sense clarified a lot. Thanks for the taking the time to do this man. 
Yea no problem man, I hate it myself when people just downvote without explaining why I'm wrong, so I always try my best to explain.
I might come off as pretentious here (but who doesn't as quickly as you're not a part of the anti-kanye/hiphop/fashion-cirklejerk on reddit nowadays, huh?) but I kind of view Ye/APC's shirt as modern art. Hear me out. This plain, white, t-shirt has gotten so much attention (at least on reddit, haven't read about it somewhere else to be honest) simply because of the price. The question shouldn't be if the price seems reasonable, but more 'what is price?'. This plain white t-shirt got . simply by putting a pricetag on it. I know it's ridiculous, and maybe I'll get linked to some thread on . for the most far-fetched  goldpainted-piece-of-turd interpretation of something that Kanye might have done simply because he's a narcissist in his prime. But it's not the material of the shirt that gives the shirt meaning, nor is it the branding, but it's the . itself that gives the . validation. Sort of like the way Kanye's Yeezus was designed: as nothing. To anyone who takes a quick glance around the record store and comes across Yeezus, it looks like someone dropped the album-art. The CD itself is nothing either, just reflecting. So yeah, you know, you see yourself, Ye put a pricetag on something that you see yourself in, he put a price on you, you're buying yourself. A seemingly blank record, a seemingly white, plain, t-shirt. . 
budget? do you need like trousers or will chinos work?
Trousers preferably . Something around 50 bucks or less if possible
You could always go to a big and tall store? I'm a 31x34 myself and I find it difficult finding pants that properly fit me. The only other solution I could think of would be buying larger pants and having a tailor take them in for you.
This limits you a lot because there's a ton of more expensive (but great) places in New York. But since we don't know your budget ., I'd say.There's obviously a ton missing because there's a huge amount of stores and boutiques in nyc, walk around and find stuff. There's probably some guides to clothes shopping there if you do some searching.
if you're in need of dress shirts/oxfords/linens check out Kamakura... amazing shirts for like 70$ 
a lot of these have been said but i'll second them, muji, opening ceremony, apc, self edge, epaulet..brooklyn, specifically williamsburg and bushwick have some great thrift stores if you're into that. i'm sure manhattan does as well, i'm just unfamiliar with them.
Self-Edge for raw denim.  3sixteens are $215 and they do free chainstitch hemming.
Uniqlo because it's amazing and affordable.
APC has an interesting store, but not the most affordable.
Nordstrom Rack in Union Square might have a few finds that are cheap and worth getting.
DSW is always a good place to check out for reasonable priced shoes.
Odin isn't exactly affordable, but it's worth checking out.  They sell United Stock Dry Good raw denim which is a good entry level pair for $140 IIRC.
The Ralph Lauren Store Men's store on Madison Ave.  Absolutely the best.  It is expensive, but it is more of a free museum.  It is a great place to go spend an hour seeing all the floors (4 i think) and checking out the styles and antiques.  .If you go to Unliquo and do not stop by the ralph lauren mens store, then you have really screwed up.  That would be like going to one of the late night Papa Johns, buying a shitty piece of pizza, and feeling like you have experienced new york..edit: it is 867 Madison .
Go there.
23rd street thrift stores. 
..How the hell has no one mentioned this yet?  I would wear literally everything they make.  It's right in line with the MFA-approved aesthetic and while more expensive than say, J Crew it's definitely more fashionable and exclusive.
I live in the financial district and we have a Century 21 (there are two others) and while I hate going in there and rarely find anything, most people love it, and I'll agree it's worth checking out (any of them).
Everyone's said most of what can be said, but if you've never seen a brick-and-mortar Levi's, there's one in Herald Square. And if you do head over there, there's the largest store in the world (Macy's HQ), two H&M's, one UNIQLO and K-Town (for decent food at okay prices).
Already mostly been said, but most of the cheaper stuff you can get in New York is stuff you can get in most places (besides the stuff in thrift shops, which you should definitely check out). The stuff exclusive to cities like New York is the high end/ultra high-end clothing, which is interesting to look at even if you can't afford any of it. 
If you're interested in raw denim, you should hit up self edge NY and blue in green. Also, I think epaulet is out in Brooklyn and their chinos are really good. 
Awesome. I have a pair of APC NS that are about 1.5 years old. Was thinking about trying another pair in a different brand and cut. I love the look of Epaulet chinos too, so that'll for sure be a visit.
Epaulet is in both LES and BK..Also, if you want to check out expensive shit, peep Odin (there's two, one in SoHo and one in the West Villiage), Oak, IF Boutique, Opening Ceremony, Jeffrey. 
yeah deffo check out oak if youre into darker streetwear/urban but dont wanna drop a lot of cash moneys.
isnt there an odin in the east village too 
Never heard of 'em! That's fun for me. I'll check this place out for sure.
Oh man.  They have an on site coffee shop so order one and carry around new york for the duration of your trip. .I'd suggest the boardshorts, the vans classic-esque sneakers and any of the short sleeve buttondowns but esp. the oxford cloth ones.  They have AWESOME collaborations with some bag makers and a line of candles that smell amazing.  .If you skate their new line of decks are pretty cool..Also check out supreme.
yeah, saturdays is cool. kinda easy to miss since it's pretty so-soho
Saturday's is great.  I mentioned that he should just walk around SoHo, if he does that he should bump into it.
nepenthes, 21 mercer, muji, hickorees
epaulet is on the lower east side by self edge
I've been updating a list of good NYC shops in my phone for just this type of thing. I'm sure there are more but hopefully it helps. Here you go. .barney's.
bergdorf goodman.
goose barnacle.
blue in greene
chcm.
odin.
bird.
steven alan.
LVC.
reed space.
creatures of comfort.
french garment cleaners.
pilgrim surf and supply.
nike sportswear.
Nike stadium.
hickoree's.
muji.
uniqlo.
hw carters and sons.
saturdays.
apc.
freemans sporting club.
opening ceremony.
maison kitsune.
project #8.
nepenthes.
atelier ny.
j crew men's shops.
club monaco.
blue in green.
selfedge.
maison martin margiela.
suit supply.
in god we trust.
5 story.
kiosk.
owen.
Carson street clothiers.
monocle.
Comme des garons.
Acne.
inventory.
Supreme.
Kith  
Damn, great list. Much appreciated!
Just because you can't afford to buy certain clothes doesn't mean you should avoid them. Go to the expensive stores and check out clothes you wouldn't normally be able to see
Yeah good point, I should really be looking at nicer stuff since I have a better eye for it now.
Can't stress Blue in Green Soho enough, full of gorgeous things and perfect for window shopping 
Blue in Green is awesome, and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful---definitely a great place to visit. 
Unless you live in the boonies, I wouldn't waste your time with American Apparel, Urban Outfitters, and Brooks Brothers, those are in every city in the US. 
Yeah but the ny ones are large and nice (well some of them).I don't have any of those and I live in the capital a few hours away from the city
Right on, thanks. I mean, I might be open to checking out some of the nicer spots, I just will be less likely to make a purchase in them.
The 5th Avenue Uniqlo is wonderful
Can't believe nobody has said Century 21..Also, where are you visiting from? The suggestions would be different if you are coming from, say, Istanbul, versus LA.
Carson Street Clothiers is in Lower Manhattan if you want to check it out. They have a lot of nice clothes there.
Some good suggestions here. I'd also recommend the Club Monaco on 18th street (the 5th ave location is temporarily relocated here). It's their best in NY store -- solid Club Monaco stuff, but plus other great brands. Just picked up some 3sixteens here the other day..While in SoHo check out Carson Street Clothiers and Palmer Trading Company. May be out of your price range, but still a fun experience..Enjoy!
, in Williamsburg, ., and Opening Ceremony.
muji, kidrobot, supreme, topman
Awesome! Good suggestions that I wouldn't have thought of.
there's a good chance supreme will be closed like they do after every season, depending on when he's there. 
Go down to soho and walk around for a while, there's lots of stores to stop into.  Barney's is also worth stopping by too.  I've done we'll at Saks also, but there's not much exclusive stuff you can't get elsewhere there.
Perfect. My friend and I intend to do a lot of unplanned stuff, so walking around SoHo will fit right in.
if you're in soho, check out suitsupply and onassis too.
in addition to that go to Bergdorf and window shop down 5th ave and 57th st.  The meatpacking district also has some cool stores.
its mostly mid-high tier mall brands on 5th ave except barneys/bloomingdale's/bergdorf
And Gant, various fashion houses, and if you go to Madison you have to visit the ralph Lauren mansion, and places like Tom Ford, and a whole bunch of places.
O yeah Madison. You commonly see Lamborghini and Ferraris parked around those places. Imagine the ppl that drive those cars that's where they shop!
i think there's a j. lindeberg aroudn there as well.
also blk dnm, lindeberg's other line. i'd recommend OP checks it out
I'll add these to my list, thanks.
No problem... have fun!
-.lol
its still worth taking a trip to barney's so you can gawk at all the nice things.floor 8 is a lot of fun and basically has 90% of my favorite brands 
I'd say stick with the formal suit. It's a serious/official event, so you should lean towards being conservative in your dress. First and foremost, you're trying to impress.
ask them about the dress code then
Where are all you snobby fucks when I need you?
/kidding
I am against them. I do not have particular reasons.  
They look gimmicky. I mean, it is definitely a conversation starter, and for a young summer wedding wouldn't be terribly out of place, but they are the opposite of versatile and will be difficult to put into an every day outfit..That being said, experimentation is fun. Go for it, I'd love to see your fits. 
I had no idea they were a thing. Couldn't you make your own with not too much effort?
Nice try, bow-tie manufacturer!
Rats. Well, I tried. :-) 
 I was thinking of this tie with a black shirt and khakis
My friend, a black shirt?
The bow tie screams summer prep. The seersucker styling, the wood, the fact it's a bow tie. And you want to match it with a black shirt? .Black button ups are normally reserved for waiters/bartenders and, when worn, are most certainly not done so during the summer. I mean, dark colored button ups by themselves normally are difficult to pull off, but mixing it with this bow tie. Dare I ask what kind of shoes you planned on wearing with this outfit?
Now I'm scared to answer...what should I wear with that type of bow tie?
Ah I'm sorry, I came across far too strongly. I don't mean to make anything seem like the wrong thing to wear if it's your style. Experimentation is half the fun of fashion, and finding out what looks good on yourself. .This bow tie presents an interesting problem with shoes, because normally the "casual bow tie" look is matched with some kind of brown loafer. The bow tie you have picked has such a rich brown color to it, that it may almost match the tie/belt combo, and that would look a little off. 
I mean, I would still wear brown loafers, just the colorings would have to be distinct. Or even the classic mfa cdb in beeswax would look okay with that. .I will warn you against impulse purchases, that bow tie will be difficult to put into many outfits, and I don't know how many wears you are expecting from it. 
That's a good answer, these ties are like stupid expensive. I just really want to try other things but I get the fact of not finding other outfits to wear this with. For a summer wedding what is the type of clothing to wear. I've always worn hammy-downs so I'm going shopping all this week
"Hand-me-downs"?
wtf is gyazo? just use imgur like everyone else..  .The watches look ok, they have pretty attractive minimalist design at least. Crystal is mineral, pretty much the crappiest you can get except plastic. Movement is a japanese quartz, so prob a cheaper seiko movement. I'm guessing the leather straps will be genuine (not great).  .If you like the look, $60 isn't terribly expensive and most fossil (or other mall brand) watches with comparable materials will cost you more. However, there's thousands of cheap quartz watches under $60 on ebay that I'd wager will all have a similar lifespan.  .I'd still rather have the snk809 for the same price but I'm fascinated by automatics so I have a strong bias there. 
Seriously stop making accounts to advertise your crowdfunding. Let me rehash the responses in EVERY other thread you've made so far:.You're 25 grand over your goal, spend some of it on advertising. You can even do it through reddit, just stop posing as people who are SO interested in inexpensive (read: cheap) minimalist-styled watches that they just have to find a reason to post the crowdfunding link to various subreddits. Also there are easier ways to get around the same-link filtering than to use weird sites like this.
Sorry, I have been a lurker for some time and am not quite yet acquainted to posting. I will make sure to implement Imgur in the future. And I can promise you I'm not a sad, pitiful advertiser. I wouldn't of created a reddit account months before the product was first shown, just to advertise it. I have been a redditor for six months, and have not posted about it ever. Why would that imply that I am advertising it? I am just honestly asking for opinions on whether or not to invest. I stumbled upon the watch earlier today and wanted to know others opinion before pledging. Please provide backup reasons for why this account is to "advertise crowdfunding" prior to making an assumption and posting. Thank you. 
Thanks for your reply. You provided me with some info that a newbie to fashion like me would never realize. I will not be purchasing and will be looking into other watches in the near future. :) And don't worry I will start using Imgur.
EDIT: Grammar.
Link to seller: 
The 45mm is too large on your wrist and the watch is overpriced. 
How's the fit? .BR Tailor Fit Suit. It's a cotton blend I think. Bought it on sale a while ago. The return date is coming up soon..I'm okay with a less than perfect fit; I have trouble finding suits that fit off the rack..EDIT: Note that I have a bit of a gut that I plan to lose.
Okay so I have several pictures for a few outfits...some of you might remember my post yesterday about losing all my clothes on an airplane. Here are a few of the things I bought (jeans I already had, every single other thing is brand new)..Outfit 1: ., ., .Outfit 2: ., ., .Outfit 3: ., ., .Jacket: ., ., .Some specific questions:.How are the fits? I'm new at this...my take is that the chinos are a little bit loose, but that is hard to avoid because my thighs are quite large. For the OCBDs, I'm pretty sure the shoulders are good, but maybe someone more experienced could weigh in? I also feel like those shirts could be taken in on the sides a tad. I think the jacket fits well, but I might be blinded by my infatuation with it..Also, how did I do on coloring? I realized when I got home that the chinos are both pretty similar in color. Should I return one for another color? Maybe gray or navy? I don't know if the salmon or the green are good with my skin and hair...I think so but I don't know for sure. I wanted a blue buttondown too, but H&M was all out in my size so I'll be searching online.
Fit check on . I plan on having them hemmed a bit (they're a 34" inseam, I'm a 32).Uniqlo Made in Japan 32x34, indigo selvedge.Grabbed because I've been looking for a decent pair of selvedge jeans (I can't seem to find a good shop for N&F denim near me), and the price had been dropped from $90 to $20. I got the last pair of 32s.
Which pair of shoes works better with this outfit?  I like the color blocking effect the white shoes give, but the other pair seems to help tie in my hair color..I think if the first pair were low tops I'd definitely go with them.
Just got this are the shoulders too small? . . 
Fit check please?.Trying out an XL from the BB boys section. Shorts are Old Navy Slim fit. This is tighter than I'm used to... feedback appreciated! 
First time buying Levi's.They are Levi's 511. How's the fit of the shirt and pants? Acceptable bar/going-out outfit?.Edit: Don't know how I forgot the photo: 
Are these pants too tight? They're Docker's D1 slim fit pants..Not sure if it's too late for this. If it is, I'll try tomorrow.
I think the OCDS could fit a little better, to me they look a little large on the shoulders but pics are grainy too so it's harder to tell but the body is kind of baggy on them, and the seem looks to be further over on one shoulder, the colors do work though. The chinos should probably be hemmed instead of cuffed, they are too chunky right now and don't look good, same with the jeans one cuff is good the other is too big, what inseam are the chinos? The brown belt doesn't go with the two tone boat shoes but the second belt is a much better choice. Not a fan of the t-shirt, looks a little short and the pattern isn't one I'd wear but I'm boring and like solid t's. The jacket looks a half size too large as well. 
I actually like the hightops with shorts look, but I feel it looks a lot better without color and just black/white/grey. What kind of hightops are those?
Get the all the pants tailored 
I'd probably size up for a bit more ease throughout 
Thanks I can't return so ill just sell it
I think so, yeah. The sleeves are also flaring out a lot, though you could cuff them once to help with that.
Yeah that's the style st.james shirts
The amount of wrinkles makes it hard to tell and also makes me doubt the utility of such a suit.
people were staring at me on the streets. I'm not sure if it's because I have a weird face or I dress odd...seems as generic as I can get.
You look like a typical person who works in an office building. The outfit fits you well, don't over-think it.
you look very office generic, you could be easily blend in on any floor of our building no probs. Were you in walking in some trashy ghetto hood?
thanks.
They are not too slim. If anything you could probably go for the alphas.
I would get the shirt darted so its not so boxy. 
The shirt looks a tad big on the shoulders, but it's passable. The shorts don't look that slim tbh, but they're fine. You could afford to hem them an inch or 2 I think.
Definitely hem them. It's pretty hard to judge fit otherwise I think because the stacking is throwing off proportions, IE it's making them look baggy in the thigh, but I don't think they are.
Looks great but I can not tell where the shoulder seam is, body fits great. Shorts look good, could cuff once if you're comfortable with it but they're also fine as is.
shoulder seam is bang on the acromion point. the only tight point is under the arm pits. but that too is slight. thanks, however
How does this dress shirt fit?  I've read the guide but I am still unsure when it comes to the sizing on me. Also, is the shirt too sheer? Should I wear an undershirt or would it look strange? Please ignore the shorts I'm wearing in the picture..
.

the shirt appears to fit the shoulders well, and from what i can tell in the photos the sleeve length is about right. however the sleeve width and body width is a little bit in excess. if you go to get it tailored i would recommend asking the tailor to slim down the sleeves and dart the back of the shirt to remove the bagginess at the lower back.
Size down one. Shoulder seams are a tad too big and so is the waist. Plus the sleeves and back are billowing. You may have to dart the back/take in the sleeves even on the smaller size but by then it will fit perfectly. Also yes, with a shirt this sheer it is generally recommended to wear a heather grey undershirt.
I thought of going monochrome, but I wasn't sure if it would work with my red hair, since most monochrome fits work the best on people with black/dark hair.  Those shoes are WESC Alton mids.
The shirt fits great. The jeans fit well but I think they would benefit from being cuffed.
 . Rice hat (47 brand, I think)/Target/Lucky/Aldo
are your armpits comfortable?
I'd lose the hat for this fit because beyond that it's pretty decent, pattern on the shirt isn't too crazy and it fits. I would replace the Aldos with some Vans Authentic or Jack Purcell's. 
Yeah, the hat was due to the aforementioned waking up late and needing to cover my hair. I actually like the hat a lot, but I'm having trouble finding  ways to naturally incorporate it into fits.
If you haven't I would check out the hat guide in the sidebar, baseball/flat bill hats are kind of hard to fit in outside of streetwear, I know I just look sloppy when I put one on with an otherwise good fit.
I think that blending the streetwear look with an average fit can be achieved if there is another thing that goes with the look. I've been experimenting a lot lately with that and I've got a bomber jacket with camo sleeves that I put over an oxford which allows a snapback to be worked in without looking out of place. Kind of a preppier take on streetwear, which is what many streetwear companies' aesthetics are these days.
This is kind of something I've been looking to get into but haven't ventured into yet. Got any fit pics I could check out? I tend to go preppy but live in a more urban area and sometimes feel out of place at school, I think the blended streetwear with the preppy could work for me.
Never really done a fit pic, kinda just lurk but here are a . that I was going to put up but never did. The  hat is Blvck Scvle, the jacket is asos, oxford is J. Crew, pants are Levis, and the shoes are Nike Air Safari's. The other fit is Versace sweatshirt, I forget the sweat pants brand, Limited Edition Jordan 1's with sky blue pinpoints, and the hat is an all-over print of a map of Maine..EDIT: Dunno how to make em all right side up, and I just realized I explained the fits in reverse but I'm sure you'll get the gist lol.
Pretty nice, only thing is the laces on the 1's, throws off the kind off the black/white deal. I like the camo bomber with the ocbd fit, that's something I could pull off. 
Yeah, actually there is a logo on the Maine hat that says "Maine" (go figure) and it matches perfectly with the Jordans. And yes, I am that guy to do that. It really is an attainable look.
I guess it's time to step up my streetwear game. Expect to see a lot more fits of me wearing my cyan Adi-Rise mids.
They did pretty well. Those sleeves are only flipped up once, and my arms start pretty high.
Is there a problem to use a black shirt with black tie and dark (stripped) suit?.I can't take pictures now, because I left the shirt and tie on laundry :S
This sounds bad. Don't do it. Black shirts are rarely, if ever, a correct solution. 
Yeah. when I got that shirt, I was thinking that it'd be soemthing like this: .
but last time I used (with red tie), all waiters were using the same :S
Hahaha. Yeah there's only one Brad Pitt.
Damn brad pitt and isn't even pulling that off there.
Seeing them with shoes on or from the side would help better judge but they look pretty good now. Hem them like you said and they would be good. I like a little more taper below the knee but if you like the straight fit they are fine.
i'd get them hemmed and tapered.go to a denim specialist when you taper them too because there's a specific way to taper jeans and maintain the selvedge line. you have to taper from the inseam or do the weird fold thing.
Photo?
 this is more thrown together today.  
glad to see something interesting. change boat shoes for boots (even black suede CDBs) and almost any other type of short (i'd do black or charcoal shorts too)
The shirt and shorts don't work together well. The shirt has awkward proportions and the shorts bag a bit so the whole thing kind of emphasizes your hips.
Don't know what the weather is like there, but shorts seem to tell me that is too hot out for that coat. I'm trying to figure out the aesthetic you're going for, but the pieces don't lend particularly well to each other. The boat shoes and camo are from two very different styles, and the jean shorts aren't the greatest either. .I'm trying to think about what advice I can throw your way, but I don't know what style type you want to show with your clothes. .Edit: Also your hair looks greasy, either your using the wrong hair product or you're not taking good care of your hair. 
The camo jacket is more of an over shirt honestly, it has no lining. Its mostly just there because i sweat through the undershirt. The boat shoes are bad for the fit but I just threw them on. What do you think would work better? . heres my hair. It was just wet when I took the picture. I shampoo once a day and condition twice. I leave in conditioner because curls fuck you over every chance they can. Hence the shinyness.
I'd cut my hair shorter, it looks really sloppy and all over the place IMO. If that's the look your going for feel free to keep rocking it and ignore me.
Growing it out from a Hitler youth lol
Thanks for the input though :)
Thanks for the advice :) 
black jeans and combat boots and this would be sick.he's right about boat shoes looking horribly out of place. I'd say the jorts do too, but if you lost the camo overshirt they'd be fine
Right on. Honestly I'm probably shedding the shirt soon. It was mostly for early morning 
The second one, high tops with shorts make legs/proportions look weird.
My first fit check.  I've been soaking up as much info as possible here.  Wondering if I need to have the sides of the shirt taken in.  How's the length of the chinos?  They are literally the first pair of slim fit pants I've purchased.  .Edit: Yes, brown shoes would be better.  Saving up for a nice pair.  I thrifted some but they're not comfortable.
Might be a tad bit long, but they're still wearable. Looks good!
Braided belt is a bit too long - you want it to be long enough to reach the loop but not as long as you have here. With a belt with holes, you should be aiming for the middle hole.
Welcome. .The fit on the pants and shirt look good.  The chinos seem too long, you're wearing them with a full break or little more.  I'd suggest getting them hemmed. .This would look much better with brown shoes and belt in my opinion.  
shirt is fine. much slimmer and it won't be wearable. pants also look good. I would personally change out the shoes for brown ones (they might actually be brown, I'm not sure with the light)
Thanks, I agree but don't have any nice brown shoes yet.  Saving up for those.
Ah, I can see what you mean.  Good call.
Yeah, unfortunately, the only fix is to size down and get a new belt (or massive gainz).  You could try DIY shortening but idk how'd that work with a braided belt.  This is all very nitpicky though and IRL no one would bat an eyelash. 
what I do with mine that's too long is loop the extra bit around back of the belt. It gives it a little more of a preppy look I think at least.
Polo is just slightly too big, but not terribly. It's nice and light for these hot days. .Thoughts?.Edit: Untucked 
untucked looks much better. solid outfit. what are the shoes and the watch strap? 
Shoes are some thrifted Vito Rafolo(?) wingtips .Watch is a Weekender with leather strap.
I think tuck/untuck in this case is just a matter of taste. Tucked is more conservative but also more pulled together. While untucked is casual but a smidge sloppier. Assuming you are OK with a preppier vibe first pic is fine. And I think the belt unifies the three colors of this particular outfit better whereas without a visible belt, it looks more haphazard.
I actually have a slimmer better fitting navy polo I think would be the best tucked. My job isn't super strict dress code. Collared shirts and no jean or sneakers is pretty much the rule. Not worried about being a little relaxed due to people I deal with, but don't want to come off too sloppy either. 
polo isn't bad in the body. The sleeves could be slimmer, but you should untuck.
Took your advice and untucked 
Don't tuck your polo, it should be worn just as casually as a t-shirt. The sleeves are kinda long.
! escept the sleeves are a bit long... but looks good, mate!
I'm gonna have to invest in some barrels... I bet they're less expensive than that polo.
good luck mate... work those tri's
I got some polos (RL Polo) from my father-in-law-to-be. They are longer in the back than the front, indicating they're meant to be tucked-in. .I see a LOT of hate on this sub for tucked-in-polos when not golfing or required by work dress code, but what about these? .She tells me they look fine, and she's pretty fashionable. Thoughts? 
I think she's probably right. If it looks good it looks good. Really no point in being dogmatic about the tucking of a T-shirt.
Yea, the ones that are longer in the back are designed to be tucked in. So generally avoid them.
Yeah, I wouldn't have bought them, but they're in great shape and I'm not in a position to turn down 8 free polos. Plus I'm an athletic fit, and tucked in stuff looks better on me than baggy stuff. 
You can get them hemmed really cheap.
All polos or this poli?
All
I don't think you should ever tuck a polo. I'm sure it can be pulled off, but the general consensus for polos is no tuck.
So untuck seems unanimous. What of my job issuing polos? Acceptable for work?  
If it's required to be tucked, do it. Otherwise, don't.
Hold on a second, let's not over-generalize, some polos are made to be tucked in with very long hems.  Those need to be tucked or you look like a goof.  It's entirely fine to tuck a polo if you're fine with a preppy vibe (golfing, boating, white shorts, etc). .Polo in OP definitely looks better untucked. 
well, when you're golfing...

.So damn warm today, was almost too much with a sweater..Feedback appreciated!
fit looks good but i think the colors are clashing a little bit. i'd swap the hoodie or shorts for a more neutral color, grey, black, maybe navy.
Alright, should probably invest in a Navy hoodie, seems very versatile!
it's the fact that green and red are opposites on the color wheel. swapping either the hoodie of the shorts should fix this. no need to purchase more stuff. we don't need that mcuh stuff, specially two of the same item in different colors. if op wants to buy a navy item (or whatever color), he should consider, as suggested below, an item other than a hoodie (i'd add to the list of suggestions a henley or a cardigan).
for sure, can't beat a good sweatshirt. also if you're not dead-set on a hoodie, maybe consider a crewneck..(navy out of stock), ., ., ., and . have nice items.
Really feels good with a hoodie when the temperature is so high right now. But sure, will probably invest in a new sweatshirt this winter, norse projects makes great stuff so probably one from them.
Why about navy shoes? 
i actually like the white ones here. i guess he could swap for navy, but i still think the burgundy and bright green are vying for attention.
Got a new jacket, an unconstructed navy blazer from Polo Ralph Lauren.
.
I'm sorry that i didn't iron the pants and shirt, i just got these clothes on me for the picture with the blazer. I know i have to shorten the sleeves, but other than that, what do you guys think?
shoulder fit looks good, which is the most important off the rack, but it's tough to tell with your stiff pose
your tie knot is ruining your collar.
Yeah unfortunately i was in a hurry when i took the pic.
It happens.  Looks like a good blazer, I'm pleasantly surprised by the lack of obnoxious branding

Just heading to work
I actually like the Nike's with this fit. What shoes are those? I think they're pretty cool.
Solid fit. Not a big fan of the shoes with this fit. Hard to recommend other options, as I'm not sure what color the pants are. Shirt sleeves could be a bit slimmer, but looks fine as is.
Im waiting on a pair of white JPs, would those be better here? The pants are solid black denim.
Yeah, I would probably say so. The Nikes aren't necessarily bad, I'm just personally not a big fan of that shoe.
Yeah these are old as hell, I just dug em out and I've been trying to work them in. I might replace them.
nikes are cool but wearing them with a polo is bad
Thanks! They are old Nike Frees, I think 2.0s, I've had them for like 5 years.
You sure? I searched them and can't find them. Sorry to be a bother. 
Yeah pretty sure, either that or Nike Frees 1.0. They're really old though so you might have trouble finding them.
 I apologize for the blank stare I just forgot to make a face
Outfit seems fine, waist might be a touch big but it could be the photo..Sweater isnt great, looks cheap and black will be hard to pull off. Not a fan of the epaulets on the shoulders there..I like the denim jacket. Not sure i like the sunglasse though.
Thanks for the feedback! I wasn't sure about the jacket/sweater thing but it was only $2 so why not. It's more of a navy colour too..The sunglasses aren't mine, I just thought they looked silly with the outfit 
How is this .?  I had a khaki sportcoat that I returned recently (just didn't love it) and was hoping that I could dress down the jacket of this suit to make it more versatile and fill that gap in my wardrobe..How does it fit, how does it look, and can I wear it with offcolored chinos to dress it down?
I do not like the cut of that suit on you.  The shoulders look right, but there are two many creases on the right arm, telling me that there's some tension around there.  The top button is slightly pulling and its too small at the waist.  In summary, the farther down the jacket you go, the less it fits.  .Try maybe a less slim but still modern cut for the suit.  Like a Brooks Brothers Fitzgerald or a Suit Supply Havana.  The important thing is finding the suit that's cut for ., very slim cuts are not for every body type.   
You look uncomfortable. It's pulling at the waist level button which makes it look too small.
I assumed creasing was kinda par for the course with a linen suit..Can tailors let out the waist of a jacket easily?  Typically I'd pay to shorten the sleeves anyway, but these sleeves fit pretty well I think.
You're right that linen suits will crease, especially when it gets warm and humid.  It will kind of crumple up and look kind of like stacks on jeans.  Maybe that's what it is, hard to tell in person.  Does the sleeve move around a whole lot or get constricting when you move your arm around?.As for how easy/hard tailoring waist issues is, my understanding is that it depends on the vents and some other stuff.  Better ask you tailor with the suit there.  There's nothing in the suit that can't get fixed by the right tailor.  
Wearing suit jackets without the suit pants is usually going to look out of place.  You're better off finding a blazer that you do love for the purpose of wearing with jeans or chinos..The fit is fine as long as you don't button the jacket, then it starts to pinch a little bit.
waist looks too small, but looks entirely like part of a suit, so don't orphan it.
The waist is tight. The bottom of the suit jacket shouldn't spread like that..ps I also posted pics of the same suit for a fit check today!

I like it. Subdued top, bright shoes. People who don't like bright shoes will say they're too bright or they don't fit, but you wouldn't be wearing them if you don't like the color. 
I don't like the rolled up hoodie look but it looks fine otherwise.
Looks good, I would change the sneakers to something else. White would look good.
I dont know if it is the angle but those shoes are off. How does it look uncuffed? Maybe that will work better. 
Outfit for a casual work day.NEXT shirt || Levis 511 skinny black Jeans || Nike Janowskis || Suunto Elementum Terra Watch.How's the fit and opinion on clothes combination?
Fit is fine, colors are fine just pretty boring.
What would you change to make it more vibrant?  I have noticed my clothes can get a bit boring but it's mainly because I'm not sure which ones go well together, particularly those outside of black, brown, green etc.
White sneakers are commonly recommended on this subreddit and for good reason: they contrast great with dark jeans/chinos and can really pull an outfit together..I also agree with impendingdoo, bucks are a good summery option.
im not sure... but consider a pair of light brown bucks with a brick sole..it's casual and it will pop out and bring your blues together. id be interested in hearing what mfa thinks of a wingtip buck versus plain toe buck.
I've always preferred plain toe bucks, generally. Although I recently saw a fairly light brown pair of wingtip suede bucks on a co-worker and they're gorgeous with some thin, light red laces.
i like this.janoskis give it the focal point in a subtle way, i feel like the color scheme is spot on.
Decided to buy a new suit for an upcoming second interview, thoughts? 
Banana Republic Tailored Slim Fit wool suit. Extremely breathable for a wool suit though.
might want to shorten sleeves a tad, at least on the shirt. shirt should hit wrist bone. seems almost an inch too long in your case. break on pants is ok if a break is what you like.  sleeves could definitely be slimmed to better show the slight waist suppression of the jacket. 
Looks nearly perfect to me. Shoulders and overall length maybe a tad wide/long, but I wouldn't worry much about it.
 for a wedding in Northern Washington. It was a little last minute, so I wasn't able to really spend too much time on the selection of the pieces..Stuff I'm wearing:.Not in picture:.I'm a little conflicted on the patterning and color choices I had. Friends seemed to like it, but I'm not really sold on the combinations. I feel good about the fit though.
sorry to sound harsh, but this is the most cringe worthy thing i've seen so far on this thread. a pity, because the fit on the jacket seems to be very flattering. should have gone for a different more casual jacket or fully dressed up (which could have been inappropriate depending on the wedding's setting).
If I had a problem with harsh, I probably shouldn't post on the internet, least of all in a critique thread..I'm still learning the boundaries between formal and casual, especially the differences with something as subtle as that between two different jackets. What would you define as a more casual alternative? Or on the flip side, what would you consider a more formal?
casual jackets are: .as a piece trivia, when someone wears a formal jacket with casual pants it is referred to as trying to pull off an . in reference to .: half city car half truck. the most common example is people who wear orphaned suit jackets with jeans.
This thread is generally focused on beginners. You don't need to be so abrasive when giving advice; try to keep it constructive.
I don't think any individual piece is terrible (maybe the jacket is) but you have to look at the outfit as a whole. 
I'll work my way up. .Strands: Great choice, great color. Great for a summer wedding. 
Chinos: Fit looks okay, but the color isn't doing you any favors. Not bad, just... off against the Walnut of the strands. I think a mid grey would go well here. .Shirt: Nice. 
Tie: Pretty close to the color of the shirt, but not terrible. A touch more contrast might be good (But I'm not great with ties, so I won't suggest any.)
Jacket: The killer. This in navy would be pretty gorgeous. In general, black and brown much really badly. On top of that, black is either very formal [Tux color] or very solemn [funeral.] Neither one of these convery summer wedding. Grey pants and a navy jacket would have looked fantastic with those Strands and a matching belt. 
Pocket Square: As with the tie, I'm not great here, but bright red + black reminds me of middle school boys dressing up for their first dance. .Overall: Change the jacket, improve everything a LOT. 
This is great information. Thanks..Is there any way to make the black jacket workable in other outfits beyond super formal or super somber?.Where could I look to find a slim pair of grey slacks and navy jacket under, say, $500?
I don't really think so @ the black blazer. You could always keep it just in case, but any black tie event probably deserves a suit (exactly matching trouser fabric. 
Honestly, I'd probably sell it. It's a really nice blazer, but it's just really not versatile at all. .As for a blazer and trousers under $500, absolutely! Really ANY light to mid grey trousers will work, like . or . would work fine, and I'm sure you can find a great fitting blazer under $350. Check . guise out for some better tips and great inspiration albums. :) .Basically, If I were you, I'd build my entire outfit around my Strands and a matching belt. To me, that would be light grey pants and a navy or dark blue (but lighter than navy) jacket. Pair with a really light gingham navy shirt, and it'd look great. 
Thoughts on where to find a dark-blue-not-navy blazer? I like the thought behind it.
Are there occasions where the jacket that I have in the above photo is usable? And if so, what other pieces complement it?.Thanks for the breakdown of casual-jacket traits. Do you have any good brands to look for? I'm exactly as skinny as the photo betrays, and finding stuff that fits is a real challenge..Also, the El Camino reference is excellent. I'm going to have to keep that one in mind. Or put up a sign in my closet "AVOID THIS: [picture of El Camino]"
brands: depending on your price point, you could go from uniqlo to boglioli or from j. crew to paul smith. do your "homework," and cultivate your visual culture: sign up on tumblr, find some blogs, browse nice websites like mr. porter (do not let the prices scare you, you're just "studying"). there are links on the sidebar for references.
Perhaps this is where I'm running into trouble. I'm generally a casual person, I feel as though I've come into my own style for casual wear. Things I love are raw denim, American Heritage workwear, and pieces inspired by Rocky Mountain and Pacific Northwest style..Where I run into some trouble is when I have to bridge the gap between casual and formal, such as at a wedding like this. Suits, I got that. Casual, I got that. Semi-formal, eeeeehhh. Got some trouble there. Thanks for all your help!
When i stopped by at my salvation army i saw that they were selling new merona shoes for $6. .. Do you think i should buy one of them, if so which one?
Probably the wingtips in the first pic, but depends on what you usually wear. For $6 might be worth the knock off desert boots and the loafers. Then get a feel for what you like and upgrade when you can..Last ones are bad def don't buy.
thanks for the input. I suppose you cant go wrong for 6 dollars
True, good opportunity to learn without spending a lot of money. They won't last long, but I don't think anyone is worried there.
I don't know what a merona is but I think they all look horrible. If there's one item of clothing you shouldn't buy cheap, it's shoes. Ask yourself if you actually like them or if you just like the price.
its a brand thats sold in target
I've bought/worn the Merona desert boots before. They fall apart very quick but for $6 they could be worth it to see if they're your thing, and then invest in a nicer pair.
Having regrets about buying these shoes, wondering what they would work with (colours etc)? Laces out or hidden?.
.

Cut the laces a little shorter, which is what I always do with these and sperry's in order to get the perfect not. Hiding the laces makes you look like you're trying hella hard. Those would look sick with some slim fit nantucket reds.
Tough color for denim. Try khaki/navy/olive chino shorts. I like them, but seem more spring Summer than anything.
Stuff for going out n' about: Anvil 3/4 shirt, gap button up, Levi's, Vans. 
what levi's are those?
Levi's 511 Line 8 in "Forest Night"
Which vans are those?
Alcon, they're from the OTW line. 
The shirts seem a little off to me. The waist is a little large on the tee, and the sleeves on the button up look to be a little long. Jeans fit well, though!
I have been lurking for awhile now and am wondering if I am starting to get the hang of things. So any feedback would be greatly appreciated. 
Dude, great job. Fit on the ocbd and jeans in the first is solid, second fit is good though the color of the shirt and pants are maybe a bit too close together (probably good for the fall though?). Third is a good fit too. Shoes look a bit big or something but it could be the angle of the camera. .Might want to get a pair of brown leather shoes as I think you could swap them in for the first fit rather well. 
Thanks I am in desperate need of upping my shoe game, they might be a tad big but I'm not sure I will have to try going down half a size when I am at a store next. I am looking into some CDBs. The second fit was an idea for fall, I want to pair it with a grey cardigan.
Nice, you're on the right track. CDBs are a good idea - I think there was a sale on . today. Grey cardigan might be too similar to olive and maroon if it's on the darker side, so you mat want to find a lighter grey.
Thanks for the heads up, unfortunately they have none in my size. Thanks for the color tips I am still struggling with what goes with what. 
I haven't posted a fit in a while, I just picked up ..  Wearing with ..
what nike model is that?
Don't wear the shirt unbuttoned, and I'd also lose the hat. I don't think the colour combination works either, but I'm pretty monochrome usually so whatever.
I think the unbuttoned shirt is a pretty solid look, you see it pretty often in the top of WAYWT.
I agree, I think OP does it well here.
i think usually the unbuttoned shirt is usually associated with a really loose and relaxed fit. your shirt, while it fits great in the traditional sense, doesn't really have that relaxed fit so to speak.it still looks decent though. use of scoop is good too, makes it seem more relaxed
Obviously tough to tell if its not buttoned, but fit on the shirt is good dude. Sleeves are a solid length/width for your arms.
Jcrew montreal racers. I have them. Love them.
JCrew Pre-Montreal racer 
BR polo on Levi's 514, with Eastland Falmouth shoes. My outfit for work today. .Any feedback on the colors/fit/anything is appreciated. Thank you.
Your polo seems to fit well; good job there. Your jeans, however, are doing something weird from the knee down, probably because they're either too long, non-tapered, or both. Can you see from your first pic how your thighs have a straight-ish line, and then get really jagged beyond the knee?
Yes, it does look weird, now that you mention it. Maybe it's because I haven't taken care of my jeans. I used to just throw it in the washer/dryer at normal heat. .I usually just buy a 34x34. You think a shorter length would help fix that? . that I tried out yesterday at JcPenny. And . in the same store for reference. .Thank you for your feedback :)
It's a little difficult to tell if the same problem persists without shoes, but I think a shorter length might work here. Get another fit pic with shoes on?.Also, another sign your jeans may be too long is in your original submission, picture 2; there's significant fraying on the back of the jeans that're probably the result of you stepping on them as you walk.
Yeah. Another commenter said the same thing yesterday when I posted those pics. He said it's kinda hard to comment on the fit with no shoes on. I'll try to go to the store tomorrow and maybe get a few more pics with shoes on. I'll reply here again with the pics then. .yeah, my jeans do have some fraying on the back. The length could be the problem, like you said. It looks like I might have to try the 34x32 jeans. I just tried a skinny cuff like Ibioc mentioned below, and the jeans barely touch my shoes now. I can, however, still see the jaggedness below the knee albeit less prominently. .Thank you again :)
Jeans could be hemmed, and are straight leg, so they don't taper.  .Easy solution is to  roll them into the ., which should look good with those shoes.  
I tried the skinny cuff and it looks good, but I only rolled it up twice, so the cuffs are opening up on the sides near the seams. If I make another roll, the jeans look too short and are an inch above my laces..I could get them hemmed though. Do you know how much that would cost at a tailor? Would they also taper the jeans for me if I wanted them to? Thanks for the advice
10 bucks for hemming, more if they taper too.  
Got it. Thanks again. 
Hot today....
.Uniqlo OBCD, J Crew Seersucker shorts, LL Bean mocs.
Decent fit; I think your shorts can be a little more tapered though considering your OCBD is pretty much as tight as it can be. Still acceptable, though..Also, I would've gone for a more contrasting color with the shorts, because right now it's light color on light color. This is more of a personal take though
What's your height and weight if you don't mind? i think i'm a similar build and am wondering why size uniqlo OCBD to try.
6'1", 200 lb.   It's a Slim Fit medium.Body fits good, shoulders are like 1/2 inch too narrow, and arms are about 1/2 in too short (I have 37" arms)..Still, out of the 15 brands of OBCDs I've purchased, this one fits me the best.
Really like the fit, actually. Even though you said it's short, the rolled sleeves make it work well. Which shirt is this, specifically? I could use some new stuff and I'm yet to own anything from Uniqlo.
This shirt right here.  
More opinions on this Cordlane from 'qlo for $30?.Def. know the sleeves are too long; else?
Sleeves a little long, but shit man for $30 that is pretty phat. Mind if I ask your normal size, height, measurements, etc. and what size the blazer is? 
Height: 5' 10".Chest: ~39".Shoulders: ~18".The blazer's a Medium; thanks for your input!
Doesn't look bad. Sleeves are definitely a touch long, but I'd like to see it dressed up with shirt, tie, slacks, etc. to get a real look at how it'll look (I'm assuming that's how it'll be worn).
I think the issue with the shoulders is something about the cut itself.  I went on uniqlo's website, and hovered between the different colors of the same jacket. If you switch between the colors, when the blue one that you have comes up, a bunch of extra fabric comes out of the shoulders.  This looks particularly bad in an unstructured blazer. .I'd return it, I don't think the QC is there on this one.  The linen-cotton version I just got in navy had similarly long sleeves, but did not have the problem in the shoulders that you have.  
adding to what others have said, in the outdoors pic the hem flares like a bell bottom. the jacket seems to be wider at the hem than at the shoulders giving it a slightly feminine look. could be the angle though.
I picked up one of their cotton blazers but my biggest issue with it was how high the button stance is, nonetheless, it fits ok, but the shoulders look weird.
They always do; thanks man!
I agree with non-relevant about the shoulders
It's very strange; I remember reading something about muscular shoulders and suit fits somewhere around here, but I can't seem to find it...might be that plaguing me..Thanks for commenting!
Probably, but I'm still deciding on whether or not to keep it. Thanks!
Looks too small in the shoulders on the first pic. Creating very round puffy shoulders past the seams.
Is there a way a blazer is supposed to sit on your body? Just looked in the mirror again with it on, and my shoulders don't puff out, but in the outdoor pic, it clearly does.
I wouldn't worry too much about the shoulders. I think the angle of the first photo is giving a false impression. If the shoulder is lightly or not padded the curvature should simply follow the line of your body with the seam coming just at the top of your delts. .It looks like you have a bit of room to nip in the waist possibly and the sleeves like you mention. It looks good. 
The coat is killing you here. The black is too formal for the rest of the fit, especially the chinos, which seem very casual. Fit on the arms and shoulders is great but it seems like to coat is flaring around the hips for some reason. It looks like it came from a tuxedo, especially considering the sheen.Light colored tie is okay, but I think a darker one along with a navy jacket and pressed chinos would have been best.
The flare is accentuated in this particular picture, it was taken at an odd angle it looks like. The black is too formal, makes sense -- it was the only jacket I had pressed and clean at the time. It's hard to find jackets that fit well without moderate tailoring..Next thing on the roster is getting a blazer and tailoring it. Any recommendation for formal(ish) chinos? I definitely intended to iron my pants before wearing, but circumstances conspired against me.
Yeah totally understand the timing thing and you did great all things considered..Would prob need a price range on the chinos, but you want anything that isn't built as a replacement for jeans and holds a crease well when ironing. Could be dockers (D1, D2 etc and not Alphas) or something like that. 
I'm probably able to spend an upwards of $150 on a good pair of chinos, possibly two pairs if they're good enough. Posters below said that grey would make more sense; thoughts?
yes, i inclined to agree that grey makes much more sense and would avoid the "prep school uniform" look. .You may want to check out . or .. I haven't been in the market for those in awhile though, so you might want to ask in the Simple Questions thread for more exposure. 
I think that the shirt and hoody are too close in colour, the shirt is a little tight, and the shoes don't go with the rest of the outfit. Really hard to tell from the dodgy angle/picture orientation though.
How do the jeans fit? .I didn't buy them because I wasn't sure if they looked too tight around the thigh area, but probably it was just me.
They don't look too tight in the leg, and I like the stacking, but you're bulging a bit...
Like the others, I don't think they're too tight and imo don't hem them. The stacks look good and there's enough length you can cuff if you want to for wearing boots and whatnot. 
They look good. You might want to hem them a couple inches though.
are your thighs and crotch comfortable when you sit down?
Yes, I sat down a couple of times just to try it out.
Well it certainly looks like I am, now that you mention it. I'll try them on again to see if it's that noticeable in person. Thank's for bringing it up!
They don't look too tight.
Out and about with the girlfriend. 
Uniqlo/banana republic/vans/timex weekender. 
I think you might do better with a slimmer straighter short? It might be the angle but they kind of look a little too voluminous in the hip then taper to the knee?
Ok thanks. I kinda see what you are saying. Would you recommend just getting them hemmed around the knee?
Probably because the shorts are tapered.
yeah, a profile shot of the shorts would help.
fit and colors are solid. looks good bud.
Thanks!
actually there's something about the colors i personally don't like. i admit it's 100% subjective, but i think the top looks too heavy. perhaps a more washed tone of gray or less saturation on the tone of blue. black shorts? a white tee? .i guess i'm just projecting 'cause i'm going through my own monochromatic period.
Can you speak in more layman terms for me? I'm still learning all this fashion jargon. Are you saying the grey is too dark for the blue shorts?
Not OP but I think the problem is the colors are too close in lightness an saturation, so they kind of fight at each other.  In general it is better to have one color be the background for the other.  A more washed gray would let the shirt to fade to the background so the shorts can stand out, and vice versa.  That probably made no sense, but I tried.
No that makes sense. Thanks!
Last weekend. .Grilled out near a beach, went paddle boarding, nice and relaxing
this is cool.what's the shirt
I'll have to get back to you on that as I'm at work right now. But I'm pretty sure my mom bought it for me from kohls ~6 years ago as a 'formal' shirt..It never fit me well until I grew 6 inches and gained 40 lbs.
Everything about the fit and colors on this outfit is fine.  .I think you need a Timex weekender watch to wear with that. 
white and off white isn't my favorite pairing..black or grey belt could work better.
Looks good.  I'd say it'd look better with the shirt buttoned, but looks fine as is too.
Would look better with the wifebeater untucked
How's the fit on this polo? I usually don't wear them, but I'm thinking about getting some to rotate in with my OCBDs at the office. I know the super-saturated purple is pretty awful, but just in terms of fit, how we lookin'?.Not sure if the face covering screws up the shirt for fit-determining, so screw it

Fit is good.  Color personal preference.  I don't mind logos on polos (they are pretty much all that way).  .I think the boots look weird with a polo. 
You're right about the boots, I need to get some better shoes for summer. Thanks for the input on the shirt though!
Ibioc is right. This outfit would work better if the items matched a bit better in terms of function..Polos, while casual, are not very rugged. They tend to go better with chinos than jeans. Once you take those jeans and put a huge cuff on them and wear them with boots, you are way out of polo territory. I think you would have better luck if you switched out the top half for a more rugged look, or switched out the bottom half for a less rugged one.
your feet look so tiny. is it a camera angle thing?
Holy shit they do. I mean I wear a size 8, which is pretty small, but I'm also a pretty small person so I think they're proportional
that's funny. you look tall, but now that you mention it, comparing your height to the space divider next to you, i can see what you mean. 
Yeah, I think that's just because the desk in my cubicle, on which my phone was resting, is pretty low. I'm not complaining about that side effect though!
thats a really good fit. Not crazy about the logo, but its not awful
not the worst, but the colour stands out a lot... 
well he said the color was bad in the OP, so I wasn't going to tell him something he already knew
I meant of the logo against the purple... I don't hate the purple that much, the logo just looks much more apparent when it's that bright.
Agreed on the logo. Pretty much I was hoping to use the shirt (if it fits right) as a template of sorts for measurements to look for when I start looking for more.
Well you could get a Seam ripper and take the logo off
Fit is good.  I usually consider polos to be a bit more of a summer shirt, so I think changing the boots out for more of a summery shoe could work as well, but overall it looks great.
Summer shoes are definitely up there on my list. Most days I wear my beeswax CSBs with chinos, but for jeans day I decided to switch it up to the Troopers since I hadn't worn them in awhile. I'm in the market for a pair of light bucks or something though.
I have some sand suede bucks I like wearing for the summer, and definitely recommend grabbing some.  I like both the CDBs and Troopers though.
I actually ordered a pair from somebody on . but they ended up being quite a bit too big on me, so I'm going to try and go out this week or over the weekend to look for some. I'm definitely aiming for a very light tan/off-white suede color.
dont wear a button down over that shirt.otherwise its fine
let it grow for 4 months, then see where you stand.  Right now, your hair is so short that your style options are limited.
Hmm, what should I do with it in the meantime though? I usually cut it once a month before it becomes too long to style it like I have it right now.
  .Don't cut your hair for SIX MONTHS..Once it starts to grow longer, your hair will go through phases that will drive you crazy.  It will look new to you, so you'll think it looks horrible or unkempt. You'll get frustrated.  Resist the urge to cut it, you have to push through this phase.  .  Go to your barber/stylist/whomever and explain what you're doing.  They'll understand, and they'll probably be excited to see the change.  Listen to their advice, it's their profession.  Go back approx. every 3 weeks to get your sideburns and neck cleaned up, and that's all, nothing else for now!  Resist the urge to "get a trim" or "clean it up a little".  Take pictures every week or so from all angles, see what you're working with..It looks like you'll have straight floppy hair, which is . to take care of and affords you many daily styles to choose from.  So, do some research on styling your hair through its various stages.  Google picture of men that look like you with longer hair.  You'll get an idea of what you can expect and maybe what look you're going for.  Get motivated, excited even.  Learn how to use . products; sulfate-free gels, pomades, leave-in conditioners, shampoos and conditioners etc...  Go to Sephora and explain to the saleslady that you're growing your hair and need advice on shampoos and conditioners, styling prodcuts etc...They'll love you for asking and they'll give you . of advice.  Listen to them, they've been dealing with their own long hair for years.  You'll have many hairstyle options available to you all of a sudden.  After 5-6 months, find a legit stylist and get a . shaping haircut, expect to pay >$40.00.  It's worth it..I went from 30 yrs of military-style cuts to . curly hair that is about 5 inches long.  My bland, neutral, boring hairstyles were never noticed before, now women often  stop me to tell me they love my curly hair.  Makes me feel pretty good.  Now I have an excuse to throw my manly locks in a bandanna if I'm working on my car or doing random chores.  When I'm surfing, I feel like Swayze on my board and throw my wet hair around.  In the morning, my girlfriend likes to twirl my curls.  My unruly mane makes me feel in-control, masculine ,non-conforming, and awesome, to be honest..I think you'll be surprised at your look.  You'll have many more options than Caesar or spiked styles.
Thank you, that is some great advice. I'm willing to make this work so I'll go to the barber soon for advice. :) I'll make sure to report back when the time comes!
I do $50 haircuts and I couldn't have said it better myself!
And by limited, he means almost nonexistent. 
yeah, I was trying to be polite there..
it def is trendy BUT i've seen a version of this kind of polka dot for years. mens stuff changes very slowly. you'll be good with this shirt for awhile
nothin wrong with trends if they look good. That shirt looks good
everything is a trendy thing
no, not really
name something that isn't
white shirts.navy blazers..straight leg jeans..black cap toes
all of these could absolutely go out of style in the next couple hundred years.nothing will be popular forever
Something that lasts a couple hundred years is not a trend.
Well, that may be true, but things like collar shapes on shirts and lapel widths on blazers change all the time. So not completely timeless. 
there's no exacting set time frame for what constitutes a trend or not
True but saying that something that lasts 50 years is a trend is pushing the definition..Also, a trend is also characterized by how fast it rises. 
it's a slow trend? i dont rly know anymore i feel like ive gone too slipperyslope
Polka dot shirts like that are more of a trendy thing. Dots on a tie or pocket square are going to be relatively acceptable anytime, but as far as shirts and pants go that'll probably be a weird thing in a couple of years.
Yeah I was kind of thinking this. Whilst a cheap Uniqlo shirt is hardly likely to survive years anyway, I think I'll return it. I already own one polka dot shirt as it is.
Well if you like it, it's certainly on-trend .! But one may be enough, too, depending on how often you like to wear it.
Aye, well what I was after really was another "going out" shirt. Basically just something that's smart but a little fancier than a plain button up or polo..At the moment I'm just at a slight loss at what to try that isn't polka dot or gingham.
Gingham is certainly having a moment right now but I doubt it will look dated in the way that the polka dots-on-dark-ground thing eventually.
ties
pies also, they never go out of fashion. 
pie fucking rules
It won't shrink that much especially if you are washing on cold and hang drying.
that much? so i can afford to keep the same size? .It looks like it's been tailored... hence my concern.
Cold wash, hang dry should avoid the problem. If you size up you will end up with either: a shirt that doesn't shrink but doesn't fit well bc it's too big or a shirt that shrinks and still doesn't fit well since shirts tend to not shrink evenly down one size. 
appreciate the help. thanks!
My most recent linen shirts which fit me great in store . still fit great after some washes. I think you will be good to go..Edited for grammar
Excellent. Thank you for the reassurance .
 or ..
you look like that kid from that Disney show Zach & Cody (i don't remember which brother). I wouldn't even have remembered until i came across a before & after pic on my friend's FB. She ran into him at NYU and asked him to pose for a .. Take a cue from him and crop the sides shorter & brush your fringe up & away from your face with wax/cremes product & a blowdryer.
I actually feel like I'd end up with a Pewdiewpie type haircut in the end, or an old shane dawson. If you don't know whom they are just google them. I'm not a fan-boy or anything, in-fact I don't really ever watch their videos, but they are famous on the internet.
I'd like to do something like that, but being I have work and I walk to school (I live 3 miles away and don't have money for the bus) I don't know how long it would take for me to do that in the morning.
I don't think you have the facial shape to pull off the above pompadour-like style.  Also, to get that look takes time every morning, and the best products to use are generally more expensive.  I tried pulling it off with lots of cheaper products, that could be found in any retail store.  They never worked well.  The stuff I use now works like a dream, but it's 21$ for a 3oz tube, on Amazon.  Not stupid expensive, but far from cheap.  .I'd avoid the older Shane Dawson hair, it looks like what the "scene" kids had in 2006.  I might get flack for this, but I'd shoot for something along this style. .  Unless your mom knows what she's doing, you're going to need to go to someone who does.  You'll need texture cut into the hair.  A straight across cut on the hairs will not work.  I'd clean up the back a LOT, and shorten it substantially, as well as shorten the sides up, but leave a lot of length towards the top & front, so you can get a sweep across the forehead.  It's a relatively low maintenance style, that works well for a lot facial shapes.   .Whatever you choose, I recommend not washing your hair for 3 days at a time, unless you sweat a lot, obviously.  Your hair looks really fine, which makes styling harder.  Let those natural oils accumulate, and the hair will thicken a bit.  
Yeah, I wish I had seen that photo before. I got back from the barber, and I don't like it. It's, ugh. It looks too... boring. 
I don't know if I wanna do short, if the cut I get is a total bust than yeah I will.
check out the haircut guide on the sidebar
Shave the stache ASAP.
Definitely. My father keeps telling me it looks great, so that's the only reason it's still there. I am going to shave it off before school starts though.
It looks really bad .
.
if you're willing to suffer through the dirt lip, you may just make it to a pinnacle of glorious manhood that is .you may have noticed that they aren't exactly in fashion with the mfa crowd but I think stache's are rad. But it takes a while. Personally, I let the rest of my face go stubbly until it was long enough to look good on its own
I think you did fairly well, but the back could use some work..And you look kind of like a mixture between Zach Braff and Christian Bale in The Machinist.
I totally take that as a compliment :D.Could you explain a little more on
Well, it goes from a few inches long to very short very suddenly. It looks a little funky. Unless that's what you're going for, I think you could get a better transition..Although, maybe you can't. I've never cut my own hair, nor do I have the confidence in my abilities to not fuck it up to try.
Try going a bit shorter on the sides for that mackelmore look. 
you missed a spot below your nose
lol yeah it's the summer so I decided to grow it out, I will more than likely shave it before I go back to school.
That is the most beautiful mustache I have ever seen! :D One mighty fine specimen.
I was really thinking about that! But I wasn't certain that would look good on me, because I feel like my head isn't shaped right or something. lol I dunno.
Try going to a #2 on the sides.
I don't mean to be a douche but you've got a bad case of forward head posture. It's pretty common because of computers and television nowadays. Check out this . if you're interested in improving it. 
Interesting. I have read that ladies love posture, I have been trying to correct this problem. Thanks for these helpful tips..No douche-ery involved here. Now if you would have only said the bad posture part, little bit of a douche. Since you added the article I am moderately happy you said something.
I say keep it. Youre a man dammit, men grow facial hair.
Dad?
Linen. Its humid as fuck down there.
Buddy? That actually sounds like you don't have to impress. Unless you mean "buddy" . In that case, get a guayabera. And be sure to eat Al Pastor tacos. 
Gotta think function over fashion for daytime. Nylon shorts, simple light color t's..As for nighttime depends on what you plan to do. 
Noted! 
Lol, I'll be sure to to thrown down on the pastor tacos!
White, grey or a lighter shade of blue.  Pastels will work if you want a preppy look.
Depends on how tight they were to begin with. If they were unbearable size 2, if they were just a little tight size 1. Skinny guy here and I have one pair that is tts, so it really depends on body type and how they initially fit. 
Well, they never even got around my waist. I wear normal size 32s and they fit perfectly. I don't want to keep paying shipping costs though so I'm worried about not sizing up enough. However these pants won't be much without that trendy skinniness.
Dictators fit like 510 skinny Levi's on me while the Joey fit is super tight. If you did size up 2 I think you'd be fine, and they do have stretch to them (the ones I have at least) and you could always get them tailored worse comes to worse.
You can cuff them with a pinroll or have a tailor (or you) taper them. 
/thread.
If you have a sewing machine you can do it yourself, but it will be significantly more difficult if they're selvage. 
Dry cleaned..
Steam! I don't dry clean (expensive and ruins your nice clothes over time). Steam will take care of smells. Also, mix vodka and water 50%, spray, and hang in ventilated area until totally dry. The alcohol carries away other smells with it and if it dries completely, won't leave you smelling like a bar..Also, if you keep suits in the closer away from dust, don't use a bag. Those things cause stink with off gassing.
Thanks for the reply. Do you have a link to a good steamer? Also if you don't dry clean, how do you get that nice crease in your dress pants? I dont want to take the chance and iron it myself lol
For $20 you can grab a handheld 'my little steamer' from bed bath and beyond. For such a small product it steams really well. I also have the Costco sharper image steamer and the small one actually puts out more steam. 
Jiffy steamers are the gold standard in commercial and home applications. But, I just went to Costco and got a sharper image steamer for $40 that works just fine. My sister has a Haan steamer that she got off of Amazon that she really likes. I honestly can't tell much difference between brands for home use. People pay more money for faster heating, more steam jets, portability, longer hoses, and bigger water tanks in steamers. But if you're just steaming a few suits at a time, finding the best model is really not a big deal. Just make sure you can return it easily because even the most reliable brands have some lemons (spitting water, hose too hot, leaking, etc). I would go to Target or Sears and pick up something inexpensive..As for the crease in the pants - I fold them along the crease vertically and hang them on the hanger like that. They keep really well. In the alternative, use an iron with very very LOW heat on a freshly steamed pair of pants to press. It should stay sharp. Sewers will sometimes use the edge of a table to crease seams and folds (run the fold along the edge), so you could try that on tight woven stable fabric if you don't want to iron. 
Well, if it is dirty get it dry cleaned.  I try to do mine every 4 months.  .If it is not dirty, you can just hang them outside (in the shade) for a day.  Works wonders--way better than Febreeze.   .If you rarely use your suits, make use of garment bags around the suits to keep them from getting dust.   Also, make sure you have appropriate hangers.  Cedar suit hangers are a good investment. 
I will second the "just hang them outside." I do this a lot. The other thing I've done is make sure that I keep my undershirts and button-ups as clean as possible, sometimes the pits start to stink up the suit I wear with them. Also, STEAM. Can't stress that enough, works wonders.
Well I was going to suggest brandos.nl, but it seems they've closed their Dutch site.
You could search for "desert boot" and "chukka" and use price comparing sites. Also try asking over at ., it's a bit empty there but someone might know.
I didn't expect so much backlash on the standalone vest, I've done it twice before and I thought it looked good. Does it make any difference if I'm 6'5 and extremely broad shouldered/slim waisted, or is it just a total fashion no-no in general?
it's pretty bad and extremely situational yeah
Target merona navy blazer (standalone vests are eh).White ocbd and Khaki chinos from Uniqlo.Any generic shitty brown wingtip from somewhere like jcp, hawking mcgills.Black or burgindy tie from thetiebar.Any generic cheap belt that matches your shoes
I like blazers and have worn them before, but due to my height/build they can look pretty weird without having them tailored, and frankly that is far more effort/expense than I'd care to put into this wedding that I already don't really want to attend. 
Then wear a sweater vest or something
as I always tell ppl, match your dress to the venue. If it's outdoors at a fancy country club or resort, you need to be wearing a blazer. If it's just a park or restaurant, you can get by with just an oxford cloth shirt or even subtle sports/fashion shirt without tie (as long as it's long sleeve). Instead of khaki's go for wool/cotton blend slacks like .. Forget the vest, those are for waitstaff & bartenders & tools. As far as shoes, look for a penny loafer in brown leather from a decent company like Bass, Florsheim, Cole Haan, etc. Stay away from anything that looks like vinyl.
Ok, so do not wear a tie and vest without a jacket to a wedding.  You're going to look like a bartender..Get a ., they're on sale for $30 and it'll be lightweight enough that you can survive the heat in it.. chinos will pair up very nicely with the blue jacket.  They also have a bit of stretch to them which will be nice in the heat.  They're $40.  You mentioned khaki pants, I'd go with grey and it'll look a little less juvenile when paired with a blue blazer.  Blue blazer/khaki pants is a classic style, but I think the grey pants looks better, especially in a wedding scenario.. is great for $45.  Made in USA, a good width for all occasions and good quality.  I have one and wear it all the time..Keep the Uniqlo train going and . for $40..You're now at $30 under the budget your suggested of $185.  If you can find a decent pair of shoes you like for that much for it.  If you can splurge a little, I'd pick up these .  I've worn a couple pairs of them and they're actually pretty comfy and good looking for the month.  They're $100 right now, but the Nordstrom anniversary sale starts on the 19th so the price will probably drop some in a few days..As for the tie, I'd skip it. The look is going to be somewhat casual so I don't think you need it.  If you insist on a tie, . will work.
I love Uniqlo stuff and all the things you linked are things I would wear, but most of them aren't in stock in XL. The jacket is available in XL (and seems like a great deal for 30 bucks), but only in yellow...
What are your measurements?  If you go with the regular fit stuff (not slim fit) it runs quite big from uniqlo.  Larges may work.
I have a 52" chest and a long torso (6'5), I did find this in XL though in a light blue:.Could this work with the white shirt/grey chinos you suggested?
come on, sidebar. 
What can you afford? A lot of what is recommended here is already pretty darn cheap. .By the by, t shirt and jeans is very much in vogue here. By far the most recommended style for people in high school. 
uniqlo, h&m usually what im dressed in
I have owned these shoes, and I have loved these shoes. Instead of recommending types of items. Can I just link you specific items and see if any of those pique your interest? Ok, cool..Other than these specific items. (I just picked three at random that I think work) I think olive green looks great with these, denim shirts and jackets worked well for me with these, I didn't like how they looked with a lot of black but grey and white looked really good with them. And Navy and Yellow were pretty good. 
I like you.
Thanks a lot for the in-depth analysis :D
Anything but denim jeans will probably work.
So denim is absolutely a no? I was worried about that. What about black pants, that's a definite no, right? 
I wouldn't, you would be clashing styles too much.  Denim is more of a workwear thing while boat shoes are a preppy/yacht club kinda thing.  I'd avoid black pants too as black is formal but boat shoes are casual.
So I'm about to turn 18; what color pants would actually be cool? Should I just stick to Khakis?
Pants of all colors are pretty popular right now, and being so young you can pretty much go with whatever you want.  Khaki's are always good to have, a light grey would also be nice.  Try out a blue of some sort, learn how to dress around that and then branch out into some other colors.  Bonobos sells a great selection of chino colors.
This was exactly what I was looking for, thank you so much.
Pretty much anything preppy would go great, khakis, chino shorts, seersucker, madras, etc. 
Wow! Swift response! Thank you, that makes me feel a lot better that I didn't make a terrible choice, I really liked how they looked and I was torn between this and a darker, leather model. I know what Khakis and Chino Shorts are, and I'm gonna go look up what seersucker and madras are. I appreciate the response!
That style is only sold through shady (low quality, or otherwise) companies.  You'll really only find basic looking hoodies unless you want to shell out lots of money.
Those cheap sweatshirts always look terrible on a real person, that's why they are always shown on the black mannequin. If you really want to make the mistake of buying one ebay has them.
no don't
Really appreciate the advice guys. Thanks!
I'm sure someone will come around with an image macro about how awful the black mannequin designs are, but I'll try to explain why you shouldn't try to (and probably won't) find another design like that..That design you can see is done very specifically. The mannequin is in an awkward stance, the lighting is from a specific direction, and the fabric is pinned over and over to create dozens of wrinkles and folds that aren't there normally because the fabric is too cheap to have any form beyond that of a sack. .This was made to emulate anime/spaghetti westerns and it targets the kids who were heavily influenced by those sources. This does NOT look good when it's actually worn. .I know I've seen this IRL and in the image macro telling people not to buy this crap, and it doesn't look anything like the picture. 
if you want a basic hoodie, check out the sweatshirt guide on the sidebar. if you're looking for more avant-garde designs, then you'd probably be looking more at designers like rick owens, julius, boris bidjian saberi, etc. depends on what you want
pics not working m8
The J.C. Penney Stafford Ashtons are well recommended around here, available in black and are around $50-60 if they are in stock at your local store. I think they're available brougued and not.. Though the not may be a different similar shoe..
Thanks, those do look nice. I'll swing by there after work. 
nike killshots, vans authentics, new balance 574s. also check the shoe guide.
Some good sneakers maybe? My prime "walking shoes" right now are . and ., both of which are very lightweight and comfortable, especially in summer heat. If you're set on mocs, get them, they're great shoes and totally worth the price.
do the blucher mocs dude. You can 100% get by with quality brown shoes like all the time.
authentics aren't durable, in fact they'll probably fall apart in a few weeks if you wear them often.source: my last... 6 pairs?
Yeah, that's what's basically holding me back from vans.
idk man, my pair of authentics have a good year and a half on them..If you want to be a little different you can get these, .  one of my favorite shoes
That tube that goes around the welt of the suede shoes is so ugly, and the toe box is enormous.  Also, the leather of the quarter brogues looks very plasticky.  Even for $135 I'm not sure they're worth it.
Cheap shoes will never be good shoes. Buy CHEAP or buy good shoes. The middle is where you get screwed.
just go to Nordstrom Rack. You can find AE, Magnanni, To Boot for just a little more, still under $200 though. However if you're size 11 & up or 8.5 or smaller it may be slim pickings I admit.
Sounds like these might still be good alternatives for people looking at Bostonians or Florsheims. 
Of course cheap shoes are bad. Doesn't mean that everything you get at a low price won't be good though. 
 there's a good alternative here. $98 if you sign up to amazon emails.
1901 house brand at Nordstrom has a good quality to cost ratio with nice styling.  They will have several models marked down to $66 during the sale starting this week.
they're very comfy shoes that manage to be pretty comfortable totally sockless as well, which is nice
I want to agree with you, but if someone is spending that little on dress shoes, I wouldn't even bother with a Goodyear welt.  Just get some Banana Republics at a 40% discount or something (I think they do this every wednesday)..Dress shoes just aren't that cheap.
Even for the money, BR shoes arent worth it. Ive seen some people review them here
They're not high quality shoes, but I own the blue suede derbies. They're attractive, comfy, and (for the 3 months I've had them) seem to be durable.  I love them as a smart casual shoe that I can wear to the bars and not have to worry about..That's better than Bostonian or Florsheim can do.  
And I definitely wouldn't take a $500 pair of suede shoes to a bar. 
Exactly.
What they're worth is depending on the perspective and use. If you're looking for a pair of shoes that will last 10+ years (with care) and age well then BR shoes are obviously not that shoe. If you're looking for a pair of shoes that will do on a budget and last maybe a year or two then BR is definitely worth it..Just because the reviews of an enthusiast says it's bad doesn't necessarily make it not worth it. Especially in an area like clothes where usage and budget make a very big difference in the value of an item. For someone who wears a suit . once a year, it's better to get a good fitting suit than a quality suit. You're not wearing it enough to put significant wear and tear on it, and you could feasibly put that money toward better usage elsewhere. 
So much this. I suggest BR shoes because they look nice. Obviously you can't compare them to AE's or Aldens.
frankly for a dress environment, a new cheap dress shoe is more appropriate than an expensive old shoe with a patina
exactly. listening to a lot of people here about lower-end dress shoes is like going to head-fi.org for advice about $15 earbuds...
 so... probably not the best example.
I love that you name dropped head-fi. I used to be the biggest headphone nerd. Still own a pair of LCD-2's actually. 
Thanks for the tip. I'm going to have to check these out.
Thanks for posting this!.I think the Florsheim Veblen is what I'd recommend, particularly if it's from MyHabit or something, or perhaps very lightly used Allen Edmonds from eBay, though the price on those has gone up a fair bit in the last couple years.
I've still seen some great ebay deals on AEs, especially in odd sizes. Also, the factory seconds e-mail list has decent prices.
Assuming one is comfortable with secondhand shoes, eBay or various forums' BST threads are really where it's at. Being able to get cordovan Aldens for under $100 and calf AEs for $75 or less really colours your perception of "budget" shoes.
Cordovan Aldens for under $100? Can't say I've ever spotted that.
It's not from a bst on a forum but in the thrifted finds thread a week or two ago a dude posted a pair of shell alden chukkas he got for insanely cheap (I don't remember the price, probably less than $50). 
That was from an op shop though, no? 
I was wearing some myself yesterday. Admittedly, you have to be very patient - I've had a saved search for cordovan shoes in my size since last fall - but with a bit of judicious research, it's possible. I saw cordovan loafers from AE go for ~$70 the other day.
is that another word for thrift shop? if so yeah, I know it's not equivalent to the b/s/t forums not sure why i mentioned it now haha
Oh right, that must be an Australian slang or something. Sure. 
Jesse going "full chort" on MFA now? Awesome.
None of that "corrected chort" bullshit for Jesse!
Are you suggesting that Jesse would ever go at even 3/4 chort? This a permanently full chort man we're talking about..Immortal power - Plug it in!
What is your budget? I'll assume it's low, so try . for bomber/flight jackets. For a cheap peacoat, buy Military Surplus
canada goose
Barbour Beaufort with the liner and hood.
About 250-500 USD
 has great jackets, just wait for them to go on sale, not worth full price. If you like that aesthetic, . has great outerwear, its just impossible to find. Search for them on ebay, or check out .. . and . are also solid
out of his price range but probably the best intersection of warm and fashionable
I love them!  I have seen many people wearing these here; however, I will likely only be here for one more winter, so the $1,000 price tag is a bit steap I think.  Thank you for your suggestions! .Edit- actually they seem to be much cheaper in the US.  Know of a good retailer?
You've not linked anything
Sorry about that. I've edited in the link
I can't really look at the shoes since the website wants me to register but from what I can see, these shoes are not oxfords, they're derbies (more casual)..I can't tell the color but it seems to be oxblood which goes great with a navy suit.
You're right, they are derbies. Do you think derbies are okay to wear with suits if I want to pull off more of a modern look or should I go with oxfords? I'm wondering if these would be a good investments for multiple different suits other than Navy as well (perhaps light grey?).
Posted something similar earlier but changed the pants around this time.
. /

My clothes were getting a bit bright so I decided to tone it down a bit with some new pick ups. .JCP V-Neck.Levis 508 Rigid Envy
Got this jacket in a recent sale. I think it's too big for me, probably will return. ., .Same outfit, another jacket, trying to make it work. ., .Feedback and criticism please, thanks in advance <3
Received my W+H henley in the next size up, time for .. Definitely not as tight, but still pretty slimming.
Not really an outfit, but could I get feedback on the shoes and whether or not I should cuff the pants with them?        
Trying them out with some dark jeans and a simple grey t-shirt, thoughts? Trying to shoot for a casual winter/autumn look.
 and then ..  (.).Almost bought . too.mossimo/target shirt, h&m chinos, calvin klein sportcoat, diesel desert boots, cole haan loafers
Went to JcPenny looking to buy Levi's jeans. I realized that my wardrobe is getting old, and was kinda bad fitting, so looking to get better fitting clothes. .I'm looking for clothes for work and general usage. I don't have any particular dress code at work, so just looking for something versatile and well fitting. .The first three pics are of a 34x34 514 jeans. The second three pics are a 34x32 514 jeans. I think the 32 seems long enough? Would a 513 fit me better? Pics 7 and 8 are of a pair of shorts that just caught my eye when I was browsing around, so wanted to try it out for size. Any comments on the fit? .The last three pics are of a pair of Dockers 34x32. For some reason, these looked shorter than the jeans. How's the fit? .Thanks. Any comments appreciated :).edit: added link to album. 
 .How is the fit? I feel like the leg openings are a bit wide. Is it just me? .Ignore the watch. I know it doesn't work here.
My one and only suit. Still in need of some new shoes. 
. Still only starting to submit fits, so general feedback is helpful.
palette is fine. could use nicer shoes or at least nicer shoe laces. untucked shirt seems to be right length as so do pants. might want to cuff you sleeves above your elbow.
Looks good man. And because it's summer, you could roll your sleeves just past your elbows too.
Brand on the shirt?
Bonobos slim fit oxford. Pretty good if you get a deal on it.
front view is borderline acceptable. could you show profile? polo could use some taking in, makes you look like you have a belly. 
I completely forgot to take a pic to show the side view. But looking at it from the side it's obvious how wide they are. I've got like 3 inches of empty space there..I know the polo could be a bit slimmer fitting in the body but in real life it's not that bad. It just happened to sit that way when I was posing. You can see the same polo in this ..
You have a classic suit combo there.  Grey suit with light blue shirt and dark blue tie is conservative and effective.  Can't tell all that much about the suit's fit.  .I can offer a few tips on the shirt and tie.  Starting from the collar, it looks like it might be a size too big.  I see it somewhat drooping.  You should be able to fit one finger comfortably inside the collar and no more than too.  .The tie knot appears to be either a half or full windsor, which is not working at all.  The tie is too big at the knot, not seated at the collar, and too short at the bottom.  Easiest thing to do is to replace it with a Four in Hand, which is the go-to knot anyway.  Start with the large end 12 inches longer than the short, and tie the knot.  You're aiming so the end of the tie is within the width of your belt.   When you're done tying the knot, slide it into the collar, and then seat it in the center, pushing outwards from your neck just a bit with your fingers to get the knot between the collar's points.  .The shirt also needs to be tucked in better.  Always put on your shirt before your pants.  Pay attention when tucking, or you'll get a billowy mess around your waistline.  .Hope this helps.  
Is that only acceptable during the summer? I ask this as a lanky person who often has to roll up sleeves.
No it's acceptable anytime.
Danke. And I usually do, today's roll was a little lower than usual.
Thanks. The shoes are suede bucks. I was a little bored by the original shoelaces, so I stuck a different pair in them for some more color. I like how they look.
Hard to say much with this picture. A full body, frontal picture would be much better. The hand-in-pocket pose might look cool, but it makes it hard to tell anything about the fit..From what I can see, though:
I admit, I'm terrible with ties. Any recommendations on a better knot?
Looks like you've got a semi spread collar there. A half-windsor would work nicely here. Your other options are the shelby(or pratt) knot and the four-in-hand (which is the easiest to tie and looks pretty good too). Look them up on youtube or something. Just take some care when tying and make sure the knot is nice and snug. It takes some practice. Additionally, the end of your tie should hit at the middle of your belt when tied. 
Cheers, I'll look up some tutes and take that all into account.
It's not really my style but I like the colors and think the pieces are all pretty congruent except the belt buckle. I don't find it attractive and it stands out a lot.  .Patterned (floral?) pocket square is pretty cool. The jacket might be a little long for such a casual fit.
The watch is fine honestly and the shorts could be a bit slimmer. What I don't understand is why there are tassels on your boat shoes.
because those are tassel loafers
Kiltie.
Look closely. These shoes definitely look like boat shoes with tassels man.
Yeah. They are boat shoes. I had messed around with those laces years ago when I didn't know anything about clothes. I looked again though and realized I don't like it that way either. I've changed them back to normal lacing now. Haha.
The flaps on the shirt's chest pockets throw the shirt off for me, but other than that this look is very fun and casual without being over the top despite the more pumped up colors..Like others, I'm not wild about the belt buckle. I think something like an engine turned buckle would be a nice alternative (or a cheaper version of that as those are usually expensive). It's a quieter buckle, but still says a bit, and I think it would fit in with the outfit a little more.
It's best to try them on with shoes, kinda helps see the length better.  Most people here wearing levis are wearing 511's so I would check those out.  I'm surprised you can even pull of the 34's they look crazy long on me.
Haha. I'm 6'2" :).Yeah. I tried out the 511s and thought they were too skinny. When I tried them out, I felt that the 511s were too skinny, and now I feel there's too much slack near the thighs for the 514. I haven't gotten a chance to try out the 513s yet though. .Thanks :)
I'm 6'2 as well, but I'm talking 511's which probably don't have the ability to go down my ankle as much as 514's.  I would go with 511's though, you will look better and it will seem too skinny to you if you haven't worn slim jeans like that before regularly.
Yeah. I've never actually worn slim jeans before, and they just felt awkward when I tried them on in a store. I've only ever worn 514 or looser jeans. .Wouldn't the legs look really skinny though, since we're quite tall and slim? Thanks. 
I would definitly recomend the 34x34 because even if they are a bit long:.Also, I would try the 513s since they are slimmer then the 514s, but they are just going to be slimmer below the leg. The shorts look good and so do the chinos. 
Thanks for the advice. I'll look around and try some 513s before I make a purchase. Will they be slimmer at the thighs too? .Most of the advice I've seen on MFA is for shorts to be slightly above the knee though, so I assumed that the shorts were too long. Looks like I'll have to try them on again once. .Thank you for the feedback :)
I think the 513s will be about the same on the thighs. . is a fit guide on all the different Levis' cuts. 
As for the shorts it is all personal preference, some people like shorts hitting the middle of the knee, others prefer them hitting halfway down their thigh. So it's really whatever you want, as long as they aren't crazy long or short. 
Sounds good. Thanks for the link and the advice, again. :)
I don't think the 34x32's look bad, but if you're unsure I'd hold off until after trying out the 513's..The shorts look far too long and really shorten your legs, and the chinos have way too much excess material around the thighs. I can't judge the length of the pants as you aren't wearing shoes, and I use the shoes as a reference for the pants length.
Sorry about that. I'll take pics with my shoes on next time. I felt the same as you did. The shorts are too long and the 34x32 don't look too bad. .I will try to find some 513s in some other shop because JcPenny only has 514, 511 and nothing in between. The Levi's store is a 20min drive away though, so I'll try to go there over the weekend. .Thanks for the feedback :)
These fits just seem really incongruous to me. I could tell you to swap one or two items from each for something else and it'd make it completely different. Just not very coherent at all. 
I don't think you posted any pictures...
oops... fixed it now. Thanks :)
looks a bit wide, but passable. i prefer slimmer/shorter shorts though. good colors going on here. also those shoes are whack. 
i think i don't like your shirt. i like your color palette, but it's more appropriate for fall. i really like the second pic with the cuffed pants and the tasseled loafers.
Think it's worth it to get my . tapered a tad below the knee? 
with your body no
Yes. Also, don't cuff your shirt that high.
I do what I want, son. .But for real I have never heard anyone say this before. Got a reason?
It looks a little awkward.
Rgr. Just weird I have always rolled them that high. Never had anyone comment on it before. Maybe it doesn't work with the pants. Thanks. 
i think they look fine at that height. i usually roll mine right around there, just a little above my elbow, especially with the recent heat.
I think it might just be more that rolling them that high makes it look really uncomfortable and constricts your movement.  But if it doesn't, it probably isn't a problem and we're just nitpicking
look perfect as is imo
agreed, i think they'll also look better after a few more wears. they're just a little crisp right now.
I think they look okay on you but I prefer more taper for myself (or rather a slimmer fit all-around, really). If it can be done relatively cheap, go for it. I'm actually glad you posted this because I was considering a pair for winter, but I know I won't be able to fill them out yet.  .Also, you might try adding another cuff, they don't seem to stack as well as denim.
They actually fit me perfectly in the thigh which is why I got the Nycos. I figured they might need a bit of tapering, but I am super happy with them. Thanks.
I'm trying a lot of new stuff with this one. How's the open button down with the scoop neck? And the cuffs on the jeans? Also, I just bought this backpack for school next year..Old Navy button down/H&M Scoop Neck/Levi's 510s/Vans Authentics
The shirt would look much better if it were an inch or two shorter.
really like this. some may say your blue shirt might be a bit too big, but because you arent buttoning it up and the fact that the outfit is more chill makes it work imo. 
Everything looks good. .I'd just like to comment that a button-down shirt refers to the collars of the shirt being secured with buttons. A shirt like the one you're wearing would be called a button-up. .Just thought you'd want to know. 
I had always thought that button up and button down were just two ways of saying the same things. TIL.
I dig the shirt, kinda loose but I think that style looks better in a slightly relaxed fit, and good choice on the scoop neck.
Yeah, it's a small slim fit from Old Navy that I bought right when I was getting into fashion. I like wearing it, but it's too long for me, so I figured this was the kind of fit that worked best for it. Thanks man. What do you think of the cuffs?
Tight backpack.
Ethnic wears are coming in trend again.. Ethnic wear always spells magic. No men or women can deny its charm.
seems like you're in the wrong thread buddy
Different poses, so it's hard to tell
I think you can size down on the shirts for sure.
Pretty conservative, but any advice is much appreciated.
i would probably switch out the black shirt with something more toned down, black is kind of hard to mix with anything besides black/gray/white because it is so overpowering, anything like blue or white or a neutral color would work a lot better here.  cant really give any advice about the pants as we can't see how they fit really, a full body shot would be helpful.  

As you said, it's basic. It's nice tho, everything fits well.
Picked up  a new shirt.  I tend to avoid mixed fabrics like the plague but I had store credit I needed to use up. Still unsure of it:
If nothing else, the fit is super on point and you're going to look good in it for that reason alone.  .While the mixed fabrid isn't my . here, it certainly doesn't look bad to me.  I'd keep the shirt.
I bleached these j crew vintage slim jeans I thrifted. 
.
I'm pretty happy with how they turned out.
This is a pretty cool outfit.
Thanks :)
they fit you well
Both very solid, nicely done.
i like the second fit a lot.
Picked up 3 new shirts today from Gap.how's the 
Might be able to size down.
I think the shirts will come in a bit once they've been through the wash once 
Yeah you might be able to shrink them a bit.  First thing I always look at when buying a shirt is the shoulder, the seam should hit at the point of your shoulder.  When a shirt shrinks in that area it's not going to be much , you could be a couple inches off right now so it's unlikely it will shrink that much.  For the sleeves and overall length your talking over 20" of length so to think you might be able to shrink an inch out of 20 is possible.  But trying to shrink an inch or two out of your shoulder is a bit too optimistic.
awesome, this is the advice I want. I'll try sizing down and see what the fit is like. 
Here's my take on the new MFA uniform, olive chinos and light blue shirt! Was working at my new job today, got a few compliments:.Also, would this be waywt worthy? New at this!
What did you think of modern tailor? I've been thinking of picking up a blue ocbd from Luxire and they're in the same price range. 
The blazer looks a little big in the shoulders, but that might just be the picture, and isn't too noticeable. The pants look like they're riding up your leg, which makes the cuff look strange. Overall an awesome fit! 
I really want that hair btw.
Yes the blazer is a little long but I don't know if shortening is really possible with patch pockets. About the chinos, they are stretchy and I had been moving around in them all day, climbing ladders and stuff in the backstore. I'll probably get them hemmed soon! Thanks for the hair comment! I personnaly don't really like my cut but internet folks seem to like it
not sure about the color of the pocket square..also, there's something odd with the pant's hem. your right leg seems to be cuffed? your left leg, the pant seems to be caught under the shoe's tongue. either the pants are too short (usually the pant should stop halfway down the shoe's heel) or, if no break is desired, the pant hem should "kiss" the shoe producing a seamless line on profile. color is too saturated for my taste (but especially considering the rest of your palette)..on the good side: the fit of the blazer is really good. did you have it tailored? sleeves from both shirt and blazer seem to be right length which is one of the most difficult details to get correctly when tailoring clothes and putting together an outfit.
They were both cuffed because they were too long to start with, I am getting them hemmed soon but I bought them yesterday. As I said earlier, the fact that they were rumpled and shit is due to the fact that I had to go up and down a lot of ladders!
It looks good man, don't worry about it. Just straighten out those cuffs a bit.
colors are really cool
Since others are taking care of being critical, I want to say that is a very solid look pulled off for not a lot of money.
All right but it took me 3 tries to get a good fitting shirt, because I did not have a good one to start with to pick measurements and guesstimate
Hmm. Do they let you go back and forth no questions asked? 
I did not even have to send them back the shirts. The first one's mistake was kind of on their side, the second one was my fault (collar ended up being too small), and the third one they told me it would be the last time they would send it to me and it was great. In the end I got 2 shirts for the price of one, one which I cannot button and one which is great
Thanks for the answers! I'll keep that option in mind then. 
This is nice. Only thing I would change is the color of the pocket square. I would go with a lighter shade of brown. I would also unbutton another button on the shirt but that's no big deal really.
I wanted to complement the pants with the red ps. If I were to switch it, wouldn't red chambray look better than brown here? 
Red chambray would work but I think light brown would be better.
All right. Didn't want to look too matchy matchy with the brown belt and shoes
If they're two different shades I think it'd be alright. Think of it as black and grey only with brown and a lighter shade of brown.
Might want to redo the cuffs on the jeans. Also, I feel like the top is more S/S colors.  F/W is usually more toned down, or earthy colors..Everything seems to fit well though. 
Are the first one sperrys? I don't like laceless shoes. Throw some laces in there! Are the second ralph laurens in white leather? These are rather nice, I'd say they're the best of the three. I don't really like the last ones, the contrast stitching doesn't do it for me
Yes, the first are Sperry's, not sure what laces to go with though.  The second are actually Tommy Hilfiger's in canvas, thanks for your input 
All right. We sell both of these at a shoe store where I used to work. Anyways, I'd throw in either some rawhide laces, or some white flat laces
The creasing of the jacket in the side shot combined with the look of the front tell me it is probably one size too big. I also think the armholes might be cut too low. Do the sleeves come up when you lift your arms?
Yes the sleeves will come up, armholes too low. You basically nailed the problems with this jacket, shame that this is the smallest size available. I took it to tailor earlier today and he said he can't do anything about it due to the construction. I'll definitely return it, thanks for the input!
Looks good. Colors all work together fairly nicely and the fit seems fine.
i think it's flattering. a size down must have been lung-crushingly tight though 
that 2nd one is really fucking cool, i like it a lot in that fit.
Thanks! I ditched the . from a while ago and got this one instead. Much better fit & feel, couldn't be happier.
I think it looks really good. The size below must have been really tight at the shoulders.
Where is that jacket from? I really like it.
The 2nd one.
Nice, now I know I'll fit in a medium as well. This fit looks perfect.
the last pair of shoes are quite ugly. 
. watch is a seiko monster, messenger is a chrome citizen in kale.  .Just went to my summer physics class then to my campus IT job (aka getting paid to browse MFA.)
[deleted]
it's cream and navy, not black and white. sorry for the shit lighting, my campus is trying to save energy.
are those rancourts natty cxl with the brick sole?
they sure are. best shoe pickup this year IMO. 
Love the fit. How's the bag for classes and whatnot? 
Very spacious, doesn't have many pocket but there's enough for what I generally carry. Removable waterproof lining is awesome. The fabric feels super durable and stays clean easily. Strap is a little long for me and part of it hangs loose but it's easy to fix it in place with a paperclip, tie clip, or whatever. No fraying or loose stitching so far. It also sits comfortably and snug on my back when riding my bike, which I felt my tb2 bag didn't do well..I got it during the 60% off sale and for that it was a steal.
Outfit looks sweet.  Nice henley 
It was like $7 shipped, got a navy one in a similar style too. Thank you, FMF.
[deleted]
  
wish the photo quality was higher b/c i know this is a solid fit 
"."
Now I need a #burglyfe to complete a true American outfit.
please, get rid of the last pair.
My SoCal Summer Style 
I don't really like the shirt/shorts combo. I think the shorts are ok in general though.
it's definitely appropriate for the weather. tbh though, that shirt is kind of ugly and the shorts could be slimmed..also don't make that face
colors aren't very good together, everything is baggy as mentioned, and the shoes aren't really cutting it. 
guys this is outfit feedback, upvote the people who need the help
this is what I look like, i should post OCFC more often.
It's alright man, I don't fit in with MFA
Sorry dude, I'm not trying to be an ass. For some constructive feedback, everything is pretty baggy. Try to trim it down a little. SoCal heat really isn't that bad as it's just totally dry. Also, maybe you like that shirt, but personally, it reminds me very heavily of a 50 year old trying to stand out. Your shorts are also very baggy. If you're trying to keep cool, maybe try some linen stuff? .Final piece of advice: don't put your hands in your pocket when looking for feedback. It throws off a lot of the lines of the clothing.
I wear a lot of tight clothing usually, but sometimes I just want to be comfy. Clothes that excite me are not really accepted by MFA, such as Hawiian shirts. I don't quite get what the quotations and true is saying. The shorts though are a tad bit big on me, I had to wear a belt. Thank you for your input though.
hawaiian shirts can be cool but that one looks lame, partly due to pattern and partly due to the fact it's a size big. i get that you dont want slim but its still 1 size large. .prob same with shorts
It is size Medium, and I can't wear small. It'll shrink in the wash anyways
everything except hem length is quite a bit too big on that shirt.  I'm willing to bet you will be surprised by how good a small could look.
He was saying "fitting in with MFA" doesn't equal "looking good".
That's what I was thinking, but wasn't sure
shirt is big and long, print is meh. shorts are baggy. colors clash. shoes are ugly.
SoCal, bro
Cool retro logo. A decent alternative to Reigning Champ at those prices.
Made in canada makes me wonder if its CYC. wouldn't be too surprised to hear that it was.
I don't need another henley. I don't need another henley. I don't need another henley. I don't need another henley. I

tis is awesome 
The Seavees sneakers are cool as fuck too.
Those sweats are so perfect and almost make me wish I didn't just buy a Norse one.
be real, THIS ONE HAS A POCKET
Purchased the sweat in Salt & Pepper. And so my F/W purchases begin!
I would be surprised if it weren't
what's CYC?
Canadian company based out of Vancouver that has two in house brands, reigning champ and wings + horns, and does manufacturing for a lot of other brands (supreme being the most obvious example).
Luxe as fuck

Am I missing something? What's so nice about his stuff? 
Upvoted for being a fair question. My best answer is good fit, nice details, high quality.
cool retro stuff with good quality
I think it's just that his collection has all the basics, and they're all done just right. Designed just like a simple hoody or t-shirt, without any affectations that a lot of high end ones have,  but still with designer quality.  
Why are their collab prices lower than their regular sweat prices? Both Made in Canada.
that salt and pepper hoodie is calling me. Too bad I have no monies
I really want the oatmeal sweat shorts, but I'm afraid they're gonna be longer than I want. I wonder if I can call them and ask for measurements even though it's still pre-order time.
I'm sure you can.also hemming
yeah, I wasn't sure if that kind of hem was able to be preserved when shortening, but it prob can.
damn thats everything i'd want in a sweatshirt
These are the sweetest sweatshirts ever. Don't know what color to pick between grey heath, oatmeal and salt pepper
Get them all and you'll never look back. 
Its similar to a lvc sweat from this season that i really like, sadly its oos ;_; 
link me to it?

are u in the UK or US
South Amrica lol..
Why?
i know a UK place that has one but shipping is gonna hurt rly bad unless you find a proxy or something
can you give me a link
yea when i get to a computer

Emailed them for sizing first. I'll make my decision after this
Yooo pm when you get the sizing please 
Yeah please get back to us. With the 20% off it's definitely worth grabbing one or more if they fit.
I couldn't find fit pics anywhere, but I imagine they'd fit pretty close to Todd Snyder's non-collab sweaters. Here are some pics from . The collab sweaters are not loopback though. You can see some different angles 
They contacted me and told me they were working on getting the measurements and would come back to me later today. Just hope the perfect size won't sold out before then!
I'm most concerned about the length in the body and the sleeves. In w+h the xl is barely long enough
This is what I got from her:.Based on this, it looks like they are longer than his usual sweats 
I'm between an L and an XL probably. I already messaged them and they haven't gotten back to me yet. Could you PM me her contact info?

Thanks, as soon as you sent this she actually messaged me asking me more questions. Did they say body length is down the back?

This is what I got from her:.Based on this, it looks like they are longer than his usual sweats 
thanks man :).
looks like im a s 
They are cut too long for me :( Both XS and S
for me too in the body but i have gorilla arms so :D
VERSATILE, gives you 20% off if you are first time purchaser. 
No. When wearing white bucks it's best to go with a neutral, casual belt, or a belt that matches your outfit..Typically a khaki belt can look good. Ribbon belts that match your pants / shirt combination also look good. I suppose a white belt would look good given the right color combinations, but I wouldn't try it..Here's how I'd wear them:
that rule only really applies to suits.  brown is fine.
That was my initial thought, but I wanted to be sure. 
Doesn't matter for something that casual. Ribbon belts and needlepoint are your friends, here.
I either go no belt, or wear a reddish belt that matches the sole.
This is all very helpful. Thanks.
No problem. With things like this I also find it helpful to google image search the article of clothing in question. You'll find photos of people wearing them in different ways / styles which can help you get a good idea of what to wear with them.
No cummerbund?
Not a big fan of them, so no. 
The tie bar sells $15 silk bow ties, and $8 silk pocket squares. Given how infrequently you will use the tie, (assuming), that should work fine. 
Nice, thanks. Unfortunately their grosgrain doesnt come in a self tie! Thinking about this one: 
That's weird, I bought the cross grain self tie bow tie about a week ago. If that's what you want, maybe check back in a week or send them an email. 
Ok, but I just find it a weird breaking of rules for black tie not to have a waist covering...it's obviously ultimately your call but I just wanted to chime in.
The reality is cuff links are rarely visible to anyone unless the jacket comes off, and even then typically aren't noticed unless they are really cheap/ugly or very showy/expensive. Ebay has tons of options that would work in a pinch, or borrow a pair from a male relative. 
Ah never realized that, I will definitely go that route then! Thanks for the insight
Alternatively silk cufflinks are cheap and acceptable
Try these other shoes. They are great. 
Was there supposed to be a link with that?
ITT: Shawl lapel =/= Tux
Crispy
They're cool and fit their aesthetic well, but would probably come off as a bit costumey or unintentionally attention grabbing with those (shawl?) collars on the jackets if a normal person tried to pull it off.
They look great on them. If I saw anyone else wearing them though I'd think they'd look like shit.
A tux should always be worn with a bow tie. A bit wider spread on the collar would look a bit better.
Putting things into a bit of context, though, they're allowed as much creative freedom they want even with conventional things like tuxedos. It's kind of like how Thom Browne makes suits with shorter pant legs...at that level, a lot of rules are subject to being broken, right?
I think you're thinking of Thom Browne? And of course they're allowed the creative freedom, just as I'm allowed to say "hey, I don't think that looks very good".
Yes, you're right lol. And I agree, you are allowed to say that. The way your phrased your question though was "a tux should always be worn with a bow tie" which, to me, made it sound like you were using tradition as justification. 
I love everything about everything in each image. Very eccentric yet super clean. 
They're wearing Hedi and they're famous musicians - of course it's gonna be showy and eccentric and cool. .I like it. 
Those look like mannequins with the helmets on. Funny, but looks good. Love the shoulder lines
Thought the same thing. In some of those photos they seem holocaust-victim-skinny.
shopped probably
Nah man. Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel are pretty thin dudes. Google pictures of them. 
 and Guy-Man was too but he's starting to 
Not surprising that they're skinny but it's an ad -- they're still probably shopped.
Aren't they all by Hedi Slimane?
i heard ysl
Hedi Slimane is the lead designer of YSL

The house is still called Yves Saint Laurent.  The RTW was renamed Saint Laurent Paris.
Not ugly, but there's something I don't like about it.
Hmm they're tux, not suits, nothing costumey about that
I still like tuxes with bowties better but not a bad look all things considered.  It's just a tux.
Except for the long tie. Which isn't costumey, it's just bad styling.
I think you're right about tuxedos, but in this case I don't think a bow tie would suit the super clean, streamline silhouette Daft Punk are trying to achieve.  In fact, I don't think it's appropriate to categorize what they're wearing as "tuxedos" or "suits" in the conventional sense; they're wearing constumes, so you can't really attach the conventions of black tie or business suitwear to their clothing.
well, you could always do a slimmer bowtie -- it could basically be a horizontal black line. They certainly are costumes, but all of the details of the costume indicate that it's a costume tux, so it can certainly still be evaluated as such. It's not like I'm evaluating the costumes in a science fiction movie that only have to look cool on screen, what they're wearing has an obvious basis in reality and contemporary fashion and deserves criticism as such.
That is true.  I think Daft Punk may actually be trying to blur the line between tux and suit with the straight tie, creating a look that doesn't yell formality, not unlike Karlie Kloss's clothing.  They're certainly formal, but with a lot of unconventional flair that makes them unique, and not just associated with certain events that call for specific dress codes.  On a slightly different note, I think a bow tie may negatively accentuate the bulbous helmets Daft Punk wear, creating too much white space between their heads and the rest of their bodies.
Well, they're not really doing anything original, tux-with-long-tie has been showing up more and more (particularly at the Oscars, I think) for the last few years. That said, I think you may be right about the effect of the long tie vs the bow tie -- I'd love to see a mockup if someone with time and photoshop skills cares to illustrate the counterfactual.
508s are the tapered fit--wide thigh, slimmed down calf.
501 STF
Second this, I love the 508 fit.
Just looked up 508, had never heard of them before. Thanks, man! :D
Only 501s are made in button fly right now if I am correct 
only tiny sizes left
yup.. works for me; I'm tall, with a 77cm waist.. we'll see how true to size they are.
My pair of Levi's bought from Myer a few years ago have a zip.   I think it's definitely worth a gamble for $40.   If the ones you buy are obviously fake/crap, you can get Today Tonight/A Current Affair to go after them.  They love that sort of scandal.
I found that all jean makes in Aus are not up to the same level of quality compared to their its European and American counterparts..I know I'm going to sound snobbish but I only buy Diesel and Guess Jeans and I found that the jeans of the exact same style and cut from Europe and America is of a better quality. I took the chance and bought on two different occasions a pair of Guess jeans with the exact same style number as the one I bought in the Los Angeles here in Australia and those jeans faded really quickly and the stitching came loose on the hem, I was seriously disappointed about this..I recommend, if you can avoid Australian retailers they seem to in my experience stock bad quality clothing products at sometimes double the price of what you can find in America
In the US, Target carries a diffusion line of Levi's. It's labeled differently, and is manufactured separately with lower-quality materials. I don't know what the deal is with the Australia line. One note is that most Levi's jeans do indeed have a zip fly. So you're good as far as that goes.
diffusion range, so that's what they're called.. we'll see how they go. thanks for the info. I wouldn't mind them not being perfect quality, as long as they're not horrid.
The Target line in the US is actually called "Levi's Denizen", though. It doesn't just say "Levi's", and as far as I know, they don't label them with the Levi's style numbers. So, like "505" and "511" and such are reserved for regular Levi's..To learn more about a specific pair, there are numbers on the tag you can google to see who else carries that style. I don't really know which, but the info is out there somewhere.
those jeans suck?  seemed kinda... thin i guess when i was looking at them.  price wasn't terrible though.  considered grabbing a couple.
I don't know if they're any good. Probably at the same level as other Target clothing  adequate, but not ideal..When it comes to jeans, I think it's more important to have one or two pairs you love and wear constantly than a closet full of cheap pairs you never feel perfect in.
Generally, not the bottom one.
I prefer the second to the first
I prefer the second to the first but they're both very fobby... apologies if that's an insulting term where you are (it isn't here)
Fobby as in asian? I live in China lol.
Yes, but as in FOB (Fresh Off the Boat) meaning recent immigrant..I'm a hapa and do some more Asian inspired stuff with my hair.  Ever thought about doing something like .That website has some good asian hair cuts to browse through.
Well then it doesn't really apply, haha!
A hapa?.That looks pretty good, but I don't think I'll be getting that anytime soon. I can barely browse the site, I have to look through every option. It seems that I would prefer the more "fobby" styles though.
hapa = mixed asian
Ahh
they have a size guide to the right of the size choices..i dont really think converses would go very well with overalls, seeing as how they're very different styles. a bucket hat might work, but if you're looking for shoes id go for some sort of boot or maybe something like the red wing oxfords.
Cheers i did have a look at it but i couldn't find anything about overalls (probably just a blind moment haha.).As for the shoes red wing are way out of my price range, ideally i'm looking for shoes under 60
alright i mean you could go typical MFA mode and get CDBs. they're not the best fit for your outfit but they're better than converses
Ok thanks for your help mate.
that guy isn't that dark..If you're dark, silver might look better on you, watch wise or in general. (let's hope it does because it's less expensive than gold). You can wear black clothes but I don't think it looks as good unless textured in some way..I'm not sure what colors works best on you. It's more complicated than "oh, your black, you can wear ridiculous colors". In general, I would suggest trying to dress brighter simply because your race. It gives off a more positive vibe.
Everything in the sidebar is just as applicable to you as everybody else in terms of style. 
Colors man. Make it pop. Pretty much any color will really stand out against your skin.
Personally, I think boots like the Clark's Desert Boots are much more versatile! But like Fuiste said, it totally depends on the look(s) you're sporting them with. Nothing wrong with them looks wise!
Im more partial to the Redwing Heritage collection personally. I think that matte black soul takes away from the boot. Just one man's opinion.
Does anyone have any comments about the quality of Pointer?
yeah, ripple soles are awesome.
Ask yourself, ....If you have a good answer to these two questions, then I'd say go for it.  I personally think they look fine on a totally aesthetic level, but you gave me nothing to go on as to how they're going to fit into a look, so I can't tell you weather or not to cop 'em.
I need something for the winter and these are currently -50% off.
I plan on wearing these with dark blue/black jeans, buttondown shirts, other casual clothing..The thing is that where I live there is not a lot of choice and these being on sale, I thought they might be a good buy.
In that case I'd go for it. Some people aren't going to be fans of the black sole, but I personally think it's a unique touch. .If you like them and the price is right, snag some boots. 
The Bullhead Dillon Skinny have a 15 inch leg opening while the 511s have a 14.5. Alphas are too baggy on me, but the 511s fit well. However, to me, Bullhead makes some comfy ass pants compared to the 511s. 
Levi's 510 are close to that fit.
Ok. I don't dress conservatively, so take from it what you will. The pants in your pic would look sweet with either of the shirts. As mentioned, olive would be cool, but i think too much of a watermelon. White pants, if you're ok with that would look good. As for shoes... I'm not good with names, just what they look like. But white converse with olive green pants or the grey pants you posted would look cool with either shirt posted. I'd go, converse, white pants, pink shirt. Or, converse, olive pants, colorful shirt. There are so many possibilities, but there are two..Edit: nice simple dark denim also works for either shirt. .Edit 2: traveling at the moment but here are two styles of shoes that could work with either combination of the above mentioned 
http:/imgur.com/5iyQ90E,z3QxVEN
Black Janoskis: 
just bought this short sleeve striped shirt from target in heather grey but dont know what looks good with it, halp?
I have some kahki shorts, some white shorts, and some white denim jeans. I'm looking for shoes that'll work with these things. I was thinking maybe some suede oxfords, maybe something like this?.I don't really wanna spend more than $150. This is for work / school though I don't really need to dress well for either of those things. I'll probably be wearing an OCBD or linen button down with these outfits..(it's a pretty basic question, I know.) Also, maybe a belt recommendation to go with the shoes you recommend?.Thanks!
Help! 
Bright blue chinos; I'm assuming neutral shirts? 
THANK YOU. This is a great idea as it helps newcomers and lurkers find their place!.Somewhat newcomer and somewhat lurker here. I bought these recently from JCP clearance for $2 each, and I'm not sure what to wear under the shirts. Most of them I would just be wearing with some Levi's and probably my chukkas, but I have no clue what to wear under the V-necks and cardigans..I apologize for the crappy quality. I only have my phone on me and the camera is broken, but I took some closer pictures of them for a better view..These first two are pretty self explanatory. .These ones are cardigans.This is where my camera really shines. .For this one, I know I can just wear a v neck under it, but was wanting more ideas. I have seen people putting OCBDs under them. I have a lavender one and white one (actually pinpoint I believe). Would either of those be acceptable?.As I said, I really would love some help with these as I don't really have a clue. Thank you so much for any help given.
What's the most casual outfit I can wear with cordovan #8 Alden captoe boots?  What colors work best with #8?.A bit off topic, but what should I wear for a casual date at a bar?
Oh my god this thread is perfect for me. .What to wear with Levi's 510s Line 8 chinos in forest night (dark olive)? Just got them! 
In addition to what others have said ..
you could wear so many different colours with olive. white, black, grey, light blue, navy, burgundy, any earthy tones, purple, lavendar, pink.id go with ocbds/shirts in white, grey, light blue, pink, lavendar, tan
tees in white/grey
jackets/sweaters in black, navy, light blue (denim), tan
and for shoes just go with like white sneakers or brown leather boots..just mix and match those lol
How?! 
not diggin the shoes, but to each their own..i would say nice khaki pants, or shorts in Olive or khaki.match that with a white ocbd or Gray Tee
Something that's normally casual but with a fancy twist on top... like a t shirt or a printed button down. Pants shouldn't stand out too much, could do what the other guy said, khaki chinos. 
Bright red chinos? Lime green chinos?
Shoes for tan rolled flat front shorts
pretty much anything thats not tan bucks depending on style. MFA uniform answer would be a jack purcell in white or navy. Depending on your style, camp mocs or white bucks would also look pretty good with them.
yellowish/mustardish corduroy pants...edit: . (omg what was i thinking)
Wear them together, become 
You mean 

That jacket screams light wash jeans and a white t-shirt to me. Maybe with some Dunks. 
[deleted]
I'd try pulling them off with a more formal outfit just for the fun of it.
white tee, flip flops. 
Some old . that I have. 
Maybe dark brown chinos? Not really sure.
Dark brown would be cool. Deep purple chinos I think would look super awesome though.
What kind of tie + suit can I wear with this 
Not really a great shirt for going with a suit (it will look great by itself unbuttoned).  .If you're going to use it in a suit, try a . with a dark textured tie.  
Black wingtips? Seems like they're overkill with denim. Am I stuck with only grey trousers? 
Outside the box, how about with grey denim?   .Inside the box, they work fine for professional attire (black, charcoal or navy suit) that does not rise to the level of formal attire (black tie). 
picture? a dark colored corduroy could look good with it. You can be flexible on top but make sure it's not too casual or too formal.
They are pretty hard to wear short of business attire, but can't touch the high ends of that either... I'd wear a grey suit or a navy one.
navy chinos/white ocbd

this 
Light blue OCBD or other casual button-down, navy chinos, and some kind of brown mocs. 
I'd wear black pants with the first and second shirt. Maybe gray shoes. And I don't know what shoes to wear with those pants. Maybe some killshots?
interested in peoples thoughts on what to go with .?
grey NBs are super easy. cuffed selvedge denim and anything but grey on top.

pink slimfit ocbd, skinny black jeans 
 charcoal bucks. The shape and material screams summer and the color screams winter. So far, . is my best attempt, but I feel like there has to be a better way to wear em.
A light colored OCBD and some tannish chinos/cords would be neat, but that might just be me.  Not entirely sure what season I'd wear them in though.
, I'm feeling olive pants, but other than that I'm stumped.
I think british khaki (darker) would work with that for pants in addition to the olive.  I'd probably go with a solid button down dress shirt underneath it.  
grey/light blue/white ocbd with olive/burgundy/navy pants and brown boots/white sneakers
black denim could also work
Light wash / faded jeans and ll bean boots. Solid tee underneath
white tee, black denim, vans. 
, . and . Or cheaper versions of those items if you're so inclined, so, basically Uniqlo. I like working within a very earth tone pallet for a jacket like that. The navy version of the W+H bush pants would be totally fine too though.
What's up with the collars on gitman shirts? They don't look nearly as nice as the BB collar roll
Burgundy Rosherun? I already have som outfits to wear with them but it would be nice with some advice
Mine look pretty nice with a light khaki chino.
Pinrolled indigo jeans
Maroon Roshe runs 
These Nikes
White corduroy shirt (summer weight). Too long to wear unbuttoned. I'm thinking just do a textured variation of the 'navy blazer-white shirt-khaki' ?
Yep. I'd suggest lighter colored neutral shirts, like white or light grey.
Cool colors what go with .? I was just gonna stick with white and black, but would anything else look notably cool?
Nike Flyknit in Wolf grey?

I'm stumped with what to wear with this . (_o)/
its hard to tell from the photo but it looks to me like just an elongated tee? if that's the case I'd wear either slim black jeans or tapered cargos and then probably white sneaks. looks cool
These shorts:
.
.I desperately want to avoid anything resembling frat. Thanks!
why? jc
What's with the hate on frat? I mean their might be some negative connotation, but if they fit you well, you're going to look better than most other people.
The massive negative connotation where I'm from. I'm not interested in being associated with "that" group.
help pairing something with this? 
Beige Field Jacket. How to not make look dad core? 
what?
.edit:
the t-shirt. don't like the shorts shown here.

...
Sorry. I thought it was funny. Anyway what are you asking about? The shorts or the shirt?
the t shirt. edited my post :)
Looks like it's a pretty versatile t shirt, I suggest playing it safe with indigo denim jeans and white sneakers or if they feel too matchy maybe light brown boots. Cuffed denim with sperrys can also work. Overall, it looks like a solid t shirt, wouldn't be that hard to pull it off. 
Where the hell did you get that shirt.
yellow and mint green can look good, but you have to be really careful about the shade.
More pastel yellows and mint greens I'm assuming?

black or dark blue jeans cuffed high, field jacket that isn't green
 or 
A red and blue plaid shirt?.Would Olive Chinos work?
Those boots in that color are really versatile.  I can see them being worn with jeans and tee at their most casual.  As the king of all cordovan shades, #8 can be worn with almost any color of pants but to me, the best looking combo is with dark blue jeans or dark grey chinos/trousers.

Light blue OCBD, J. Crew killshots.Edit: Make sure to pinroll
Stan smith's tho
Help! :) What kind/color of shirt would look best for each of these skinny ties?
Don't think it's the shirt that's going to be the problem. The two ties on the left would go with a different suit than the two on the right. That being said, I don't really know much than that. sorry :(
 i bought them at 4 in the night od'ing on caffeine and nicotine feeling like a fashion god. I have no idea what to wear them with, they're almost purplish..
Would like to see a Sperry Topsider inspiration album..Also a ..
What other items would make a good outfit together with . ?
, a ToJ jacket of your choice, and w/e else of your choice.
What do I wear with . brown-ish pants?
Filson Westlake jacket?
Red Wings or Wolverines; olive duck canvas chino work pants, levi's western button down shirt in chambray.  
I need help on this too--they looked way more navy in the store
Hard mode. I really don't know why I got these, but whatevs.
Are they honestly your size? Have you put them on your arms for a joke?
If you're tall, khaki shorts, chambray shirt.
If the laces are a problem, you could exchange them out pretty easily. Other than the laces and the sole, those seem pretty versatile imo. Jeans/Chinos/Cords/Shorts if you do it right should all work.
What does height matter, just cause they're so big?
Because they end above your ankles, and if you are short then it'll make your legs look puny.
So whats considered tall? 5'10"/ 6' and up?
Between 6' and 7'. If you're above 7' then just wear monster consumes and scare little kids
Haha, they're my size. I wear a fourteen in sneakers usually.
I was thinking black jeans, navy chinos, maybe olive chinos. For some reason regular blue denim seems like it would be weird. I'm open to knew suggestions though.
brown cords.
Black jeans scoop neck white tee
5 pocket khaki rivet chinos.  Solid color tee, any color.  1000 Miles..Alternatively, super faded indigo raws, white tee, Common Projects.
I almost got that color but I realized it was really restricting. .Khaki chinos could work too. 
Maybe. I feel like gray is neutral so it should be ok with most things. But I'm not sure about khaki, because it seems like too much neutral. I'll probably try it a few times and see how it looks.
I picked up . from Gap last week for a ridiculous $17. Now I'm trying to figure out how to wear them. The photo looks great with the gray sweater and tennis shoes, but what else? White polo and white tennis shoes, maybe? Is there any way to dress them up a little more for a business casual environment, or are these going to be relegated to weekend wearing?
Depends.  If the rise is high enough, you could wear them with light brown wingtips and an OCBD tucked in for bizcaz..As to casualwear, a pastel polo and white/grey trainers would look good here.  Casual wingtips or bucks would, again, look pretty cool in this context..It's a louder piece, so wear them confidently and you'll be fine.
What could I wear with these Red Free runs? Most outfits I thought of were with shorts but could I wear them with pants?
what would theses go with? 
Pretend they're work boots and wear them as such (I'm not sure if they actually are work boots or not).
the green version of these pants... i can easily dress it down, but is there anything cool i can put together for going out?
Ideas for this light blue blazer (100% Cotton) from H&M?: .

Try darker gray or navy khakis, and a red gingham shirt.
To a bbq/pre-wedding party, what should I wear with .--. shorts or .? Will be pairing with ..

heather grey tee, beat up white sneaks.
What would go with these gap 1969 garment dyed jeans?.These have a purplish tint to them so I don't really know what to wear with it
I'd go with a white or grey t-shirt and some simple sneakers. They seem like they're saturated enough that you wouldn't want another bold piece competing with them.

Navy. Sweater or t-shirt or shirt or outerwear depending on the season. That and brown boots.
alright what if I don't own brown boots?
If you're doing this for a summer fit I'd say sneakers could go really well here too. I'm thinking something simple in white or navy. Also if you end up getting boots I'd say go for something darker than what the model is wearing. Not enough contrast imo.
Thanks man! 
 .And these ones . 
(note; didn't found other pic for it, but same color) 
White polo, white leather loafers with the pants cuffed, yellow shades to go all out 
 black janoskis with gum sole. Do they work with chinos?
British khaki chinos would work well.
What do you think about a shirt?
Really anything that isn't neon I think. A white baseball shirt would be cool.
white skinny denim 
Patterned shirt (plaid, gingham, Bengal stripes, etc). Pin roll them and add non white plimsolls, loafers, wingtips, brown leather boots (ligter is better, but any brown works) or non white bucks. Could also work with boat shoes or saddle shoes, but that's a little more out their. Also looks cool with denim jackets, chore coats, sports coats, blazers, etc. pretty versatile really.
that sounds good but its not really my style :)
Scoop neck white t-shirt, white loafers
raf s/s02 
barefoot with white sweatshirt and a white shemagh 
i like it 
redwing postmans
Skinny light wash jeans, gray sweatshirt and a fishtail parka. 
Slim fit black jeans, white shirt or t-shirt. A nice fitting black band tee would look cool, too IMO. 
 vans
Some better pictures and where to buy 

Khaki Chinos tucked into them.   F/W layers up top.   
Waxed black denim, loose white scoop neck tee
Sorry, what's F/W?  Fall/Winter?
Yes. 
Hoping for multiple answers: Navy suit, brown shoes. (Best shirt/tie combos?)
if it's a lighter navy you can try emerald shirt/black or navy grenadine tie
That suit is so versatile it's not even funny.  .With a white shirt or light blue shirt you can do just about any color you want. .White shirt + red tie + American Lapel flag = running for office (red state).White shirt + blue striped tie + American Flag lapel = running for office blue state.White shirt + burgundy tie = distinguished.Blue shirt  + navy tie = understated.Blue shirt + yellow tie = summery .You can even venture into the pinks and lavender dress shirts for less formality.  .Pink shirt + navy tie = playful.  .I"m really having a hard time thinking what . go with a classic navy. 
Haha good point. thanks
I've come up with it.  Black dress shirt does . go with Navy and Brown Shoes.  Avoid. 
Hahah hmm what about no shirt at all but just a tie and suit?
You need suspenders at that point. 
to cover the nips?
To frame them, of course.  
White shirt + blue chambray tie.White shirt + navy tie with white polka dots.White shirt + red tie with navy diagonal stripes.White shirt + light blue knit tie.White shirt with thin navy stripes + navy linen tie.Powder blue shirt + navy tie with white polka dots.White shirt + lavender tie.Just to name a few...
Thanks a bunch. Just what i was lookin for
what would i wear with 
Jeans or khakis with those and a simple shirt is a pretty easy combo. I also think they'd look better without those particular socks (imo when you can see the different color heel it's a little tacky). Great versatile shoe though.
Jeans or khakis with those and a simple shirt is a pretty easy combo. I also think they'd look better without those particular socks (imo when you can see the different color heel it's a little tacky). Great versatile shoe though.
Yeah I just threw the shoes on to see how they looked and take the picture w/ them on. I wasn't planning on wearing those socks with them. 
[deleted]
also, could i wear it underneath a button down?
Khaki shorts with any summer shoe really. White sneakers would be my first choice. 
I wear mine with khaki shorts/pants and dark denim, but I've never thought to wear it underneath a button down. 
what are those pants
wtaps
Even though a lot goes with blue, I have a difficult time matching stuff with these. The best combo is either a white or grey OCBD from Uniqlo, but tough to wear in the summer. Otherwise a grey Mossimo tee works well.  Any other ideas?
Try salmon, pink, light green, dull pumpkin orange, burgundy, maroon, and white with navy patterns (like rugby stripes, pinstripes, windowpanes, checks, polka dots, etc).
Wow, those are some great ideas right there, thanks!
I wear a short sleeve off white henley with mine.  My rugby striped polo works with them.  Also, linen button downs are great, I have a lavender and a salmon color.   I"m with you though, I can't wait til they fade.  .P.S. They're sweet looking cuffed with kill shots too.   
Thanks for the recommendation, I have an off white henley, I'll try that tomorrow. Mine are slowly started to develop some awesome subtle fading. Another month or so and it will look great. 
Still havn't found a way to fit . into anything :(
Whattt that thing is gorgeous. Dockers Alpha Khakis and some white hi-top sneakers, or like slim dark jeans and some white low top sneakers. This would go well in a million outfits.
Go look at some of camerongr's fits
What the hell can I wear with . (In CHARCOAL HEATHER)? I've had them forever and bought them when I had no idea what I was doing. They fit a lot better than in the picture. 
Definitely misread the title as "what to wear . this," and thought it would be a thread of people discussing upcoming interviews, summer weddings, and swanky rooftop cocktail parties. You can imagine my disappointment, as I thought that was a really sweet thread idea. 
If you were excited about that idea, post a thread for it!
Someone else can reap the karma for that. 
 true religions?
Not a fan of the back pocket, but you could try and counter it with a nice blue/white OCBD and decent leather boots like Iron Rangers.
I think they'd look great in a goodwill donation bin.
thanks. i was thinking clarks beeswax, and an ocbd is a great idea too.
Seam ripper
With this . , 
Sleeves look really big, could you have sized down?
These pants? I have a navy shirt that works and an OCBD light blue striped, any other suggestions? 
Black double rider, challenge mode: no white shirt
a light grey shirt
Black shirt, not button down 
I bought . but I can't seem to find an outfit that fits it.
I love mine with blue jeans and literally ANY shirt. Solid tee, OCBD, flannel, chambray, whatevs. It a pretty versatile shoe. 
I just picked up these shoes.Any ideas?
Black jeans rolled up to show some ankle or black shorts, and a white scoop neck tee or white ocbd for monochrome goodness
What shoes with a black leather jacket? Pretty standard model. Not too edgy.

This or the C&J Chelsea 5 since Church's are outsourcing their shoes these days
Black boots, white sneakers. 

If you just bought these, i'd suggest you return them and buy yourself a pair of raws. Even if you're not into the raw denim there are a lot of other choices that arent as tacky as TR's with the ridiculous stitching and pocket flap.
got it, thanks.
If your first pair of raws, i'd reccomend a pair of unbranded's(70$). Cheap and they give you a pretty good idea of what raw denim will be like. .Higher end denim include N&F(100-150$), 3Sixteen(150-250$) and high end Momotaro and Pure Blue Japan (300$).
thanks! i'll probably go with some unbranded's just to get a feel for them.
subscribe to .. there are some awesome pics and discussions there..and even though ub's are the cheapest raw denim they produce some of the best fades i've seen.
thanks again for the advice. definitely going to get a pair along with some levi's once i start school again.
I'd buy the raws first. People aren't lying when they say it'll be the only pair of jeans you'll be wearing, unless you want some variety with some black or other colors. 
fair enough. i'm excited to get em' now

Do you have a link to where I might find this online?  This jacket is awesome
maybe corduroy pants and boots?
Same first thought. A light tan/ brown color, and a simple crew-neck sweater. Pants either rolled up with socks matching sweater or pants, or just normal.
It's unlikely that you'll still find it online, but it's from the ts(s) F/W '11 collection. Here's the . I bought it from.
White tee with red accents, navy chinos or shorts. 
[deleted]
Beat up light wash jeans, metal tee and a thrash metal jacket, bullet belt optional.
black cargo pants  or pod shorts and black leggings.
white tee.
black hoodie   
whenever i imagine myself wearing rick dunks, im wearing black pinrolled chinos.
Why would you pinroll with dunks..? The tops are so high you'd have to cuff like twelve times
they're really not that high
They are if your pants are a decent length
they aren't.source; they're on my feet
Still, I don't know why anyone would pinroll with them
The same reason they'd pinroll any other time, I'd imagine.
new kanye + apc hiphop tee and leather black jeans on. too kanye for kanye
Beaten up, extremely faded jeans with mad stacks and rips along the legs. Layered drapey tees, with asymmetrical hem.
Navy chinos, drapey white tee
pods and rick long t
loose blue jeenz, cloth surgeon tee, some techy backapack and a tnf shell .would be better if the shoes were the best . tho
whoa

khaki chinos my friend
A big sword and lots of belts.
If you want to go all MFA uniform 3.0: white sneakers with a blue/white OCBD..Personally, I like wearing my olive pants with a light chambray shirt and brown leather shoes. Earth tones work well, and navy tops or jackets are great! Maybe browner colors could work too, like a brown/caramel PCC. Experiment with it, olive is actually a far more versatile color than you'd imagine!

these are the tits. totally worth 6 bucks
Best part: the bottoms are like neon green-yellow. I'm going to make so many friends.
you already have so many friends
White Tee, raws, these. That's how i'd wear 90% of wonky sneakers. 
Plus, if that is suede (it looks like it is), they will be stained blue with character in now time. .Suede basically acts as an indigo magnet. 
scab denim, a ramones tee, a large backpack full of crap, and a squeegee. 
I'm trying really hard to hate these, and I just can't. 
Caramel or british khaki cords or chinos with polished brown monk strap shoes. Under the jacket, a blue or white OCBD or flannel with a tweed blazer if it gets really cold.
spot on.
Slim black jeans and loose white tee. .No bonus points for me. 
Dude I think some olive pants would look best with those grey pants in example three.
Drop crotch olive pants
I might have to post an olive pants gray pants fit now.
I accidentally won them on eBay for 6 dollars 
Lol I wonder how much the guy thought he actually was going to get . ..
Yeah kind of felt bad. But should be fun to mess around with 
that's hilarious
Lol I know. They are wonderfully ugly. 
fuck that these are beautiful
I knew you'd like them :)
I would love to see this as a recurring thread.
I agree. this is something new and something that we definitely need. this will really improve the subreddit
Yes yes yes. Love this thread idea.
me too <3
i love you. 
love you too
What a random gif choice..
STAY BASED
omg OP is so rare tybg
tybg
stay positive 
the based god is never random
i agree this man knows me well..love you more btw. 
You can fuck my bitch Basedgod.
I saw at Nordstrom today that were 7 pairs for $20 in a variety of colors.
Shoelacesexpress.com
Thanks!
Amazon
I made this post after looking through amazon is there a specific way I should be searching?  I am trying to look for replacement laces for sperrys and I need the laces to be shorter than average.
Did you try looking for leather laces ? If they're too long, you can just them cut them off.
Thanks I will definitely do that!
From my experience, Everlane tees are fairly short.
i tried h&m once as well, and they ran way too short for my liking. especially post-washing. i'd give them a shot, alot of other people suggested them as well
My chest is too muscular for their small, leading me to size up to medium, and having a too long fit
They shrink in the dryer.
I bought the medium and it was way too long even after drying. Plus, it lost its shape in the dryer and looks even worst
The grey ones lose shape the most. 
I'd suggest just finding t-shirts that fit everywhere else and then take it to a tailor (or hem it yourself) for ~$5-10/shirt and factor that cost into the original price..To limit yourself on just length seems rather short sighted.
When you're short like us, you really can't wear anything too long or baggy or else you'll end up looking like a child.
That's really too bad, but if you reread the comment, you'll see that HerbalTesla just gave you a solution.
yeah.
I'm scratching my head trying to figure out what was going through your mind in those two comments. 
Yes.
I'm also 5'5" and I reeeeally like the fit of .. My chest is 34' though, so keep that in mind. If you have an H&M near you I would definitely recommend going in and trying them on.
Really? I have the same exact measurements as you do, and I hate how long they run
The "Divided" shirts they have are sometimes long but the normal tees for me fit better than most shirts. I'm also somewhat muscular so that may or may not be a factor.
The main problem with my regular H&M t shirt was how the V neck was fucking wide and did not sit normally
Oh okay, I've never tried the V-necks before and I guess I won't in the future then.
5'6" here, h&m is my go-to store for basic shorts and t-shirts
Which tees are you getting? All the basic tees at mine are really long and sheer.
It really depends. I've had a lot of luck with their tees, though since they are thinner they tend to deteriorate faster.
Hello brother, 5'5 with a 40'' chest, try Gap S!
Alternative Apparel, Barney's Co-Op brand, and Save Khaki have been good to me. Otherwise, just take them to a tailor to have them shortened. I do that with just about every button down I buy..EDIT: and Vincent brand
Thank you for the brands name! All emailed their customer supports to have actual measurements!
Actually, after trying them on again, I would say Alt Apparel's "perfect tee" is shorter than the others I listed but it has a habit of bunching at the bottom and losing structure. It's the most comfy tee I've ever worn since it's pima cotton but I like a bit more structure so as to avoid looking sloppy. .Another brand I neglected to mention is Vince, which seems to be the perfect fit for me. I'm broad shouldered and barrel chested but not fat in any way but the Vincent is about as slim fit as I can go. .Also note that none of these are cheap options. It's gonna be about $40/tee but the quality is top notch and you'll wear them day in and day out. It really only gets expensive when you're talking about white tees since they get stained after a while and require occasional replacing.
I don't mind paying for a good tee. Shortening them would be like 20 $ at my tailor so if I can find a perfect fit off the rack for 40$, It'll have the vobus to have high quality. Receive measurements from alternative apparel and they aren't short at all. Small is 27 1/2 inches
I'm about a 12-13" drop. Surprisingly, I've found a few brands that work really well for me without needing any tailoring. Probably my best fit is Lands End. Their OCBD fits me better than any other I've tried, straight off the rack. J Crew (non slim) fits quite well also. 
you're going to have to get stuff tailored.  average drop is 6".  slimmer stuff will be around 8", but I can't think of anything that's 10'.
rick owens
I have a 9" drop and BR tailored slim fit and express extra slim fit both fit me really well off the rack
I found the BR slim fit button downs fit me really well, and I have a 12" drop (chest 50, waist 38). I have to go up a size from usual t-shirt/polo, but I like them. .Otherwise, I've not had much luck, other than getting shirts tailored. 
My GF's mom got me two Lands-End button-downs for Christmas in regular fit. LOLZ. It was like putting on my tent. We returned them and got a couple of Pronto Umo Slim Fits from MW. Still need to get them tailored as they're baggy as hell in the waist. 
I forgot to mention, I tailor all my slim shirts and the tailor says they can only dart to a certain extent. Even after that, still too large around the waist sadly.
Seriously? I don't work out and go from 39.5-40" down to 30.5"... Now I'm worried about working out and not finding any clothes that fit.
I have a 41 inch chest and 29-30 waist, the best dress shirts for me are the ones from Neiman Marcus last call trim shirts. Great value as well (about 34-38 dollar a shirt), they have 30-40% off all the time and free shipping on orders over $75
I'm about the same as you, 38/39 chest and 29/30 waist. For dress shirts your best bet will be to get something which fits in the neck, shoulders, and sleeves and then have it tailored. Getting the back darted will probably be helpful as well..T-shirts are pretty much bullshit. My pick is American Apparel.
I think it's an unnecessary addition, leather is quite resistant and I doubt the rings add that much to the longevity..The saddleback says they're there to attach thing.
Pretty much this. The leather holds up fine on it's own and they aren't strictly necessary or add to the bag's lifespan. We just think they're great for clipping stuff on to..My first Saddleback bag (way before I worked here) was a messenger bag, and I use the D-rings all the time, especially if I'm travelling somewhere and using the messenger bag in it's backpack configuration.
I'm in the same boat.. I got big thighs and I cannot lie. .Finding a nice pair of jeans thats not too skinny but a nice regular straight fit with enough space in thighs is so hard to find. Anything bigger is too baggy and looks ugly as hell. Don't want something TOO tapered either. .If you come across something decent holler at me, I got a gift card to use on a pair of Levi's. I'm a 34 waist and 34 length. 
This recent thread might help: 
size up on the 501 STF. if you want to appear more muscular get them tapered too. or just get 508's, but those aren't raw
What kind of jeans would you all suggest for a man with a larger butt area? My waist is like a 34 but I normally size up to a 36 to make room in the thigh/butt area so I was curious which Levi's would work best for my butt issue?
Only size up on the length. Stick with your regular waist size.
I have big thighs and 501 STF's are perfect. Absolutely no way I could wear 514's..How big are your thighs that you're having problems with 501's and 505's? Seems absurd.
Another big thigh guy here..Levis 508 are great, another option: GAP Original Slim button fly for a loose thigh than 508 but still tapered leg.
508s
511
If 505s are tight on him, 508 isn't any better..Go for 501 Shrink-to-Fit 
I have fairly large thighs (4 years of playing football) and I really like the fit of the 513's. They can be a tad tight in the upper thighs but they are not as carrot-shaped as the 508's. A nice hybrid between the 508's and 514's, IMO.
You say you have a problem with 501s, though that's the next step up from 505. .How big of thighs are we talking?
ah yes, they say size up 3 inches. they only shrink two, so you have an inch left to cuff
Don't size up the waist. If anything, size down 1". They stretch..Source: I have a pair. They stretch.
Your title sounds like a great name for a hair band song.

Get 508.also, obligatory:
Hm, would jcp be more akin to Macy's or Kohl's?
Kohl's
Aren't the 508's really tapered?
Just got some 508s have a look see at the taper. Larger thighed man myself. Wearing 32x29 here. .I can say the taper is not as much as my 511s.  I think the 508s have a 12.5in opening.
Damn, I'll have to get some of those. I'm around the same shape as you (RES tagged now). My 501STF are too big in the leg area.
These particular ones are color Rigid Envy. They are rigid. 
I have the same issue as you describe, and the 508's work great for me.  I have a pair of corduroy 508's and they fit really well.
Why does this keep getting recommended to large thighs? The taper is too drastic if an actual person with large thighs wears them. And you still have to size up in the waist to fit into them.
Yes, as a huge bodybuilder you will have trouble finding jeans that contour your legs perfectly. What a shocker. 
I'm not a huge bodybuilder but any leg opening smaller than about 16" makes a pretty feminine silhouette on me.
I'm gonna vote no on the 508s, they fit okay for me in the thigh but only if the waist is too big. 501 STFs work well though.
Heads up. Levis is having a 70% off sale on their site. 508s for 30 bucks. Not this color though.
That's probably what you want, it will let you size up in the waste without being too large below the knee.
Have you worn 508s? They are only a tiny bit bigger than 511s. After gaining a bit of mass I had to switch from 511s to 508s, but I'm still considered a skinny guy and I definitely don't have big thighs by any stretch..My actual waist is a 32 and in most jeans a 32 fits great. In 508s, I'm wearing a 31 and they are still slightly loose around the waist - the 30 actual fit in my waist but the thighs were way too tight. This pair I have now (31) is a great fit in the legs, but they are definitely not for guys with "big" thighs.
I have big thighs. 508s fit perfectly in the thigh area. The taper is more extreme than I wanted though. 
What size is you waist? Maybe the larger waist sizes fit looser than the lower numbers..My size 31s are as tight as I would like to go (any tighter and it would be uncomfortable to get a cellphone in my pocket) and I have 22" thighs.
Yeah, I wear a 34 or a 36. I sized up to a 36 for the 508s too, but the waist doesn't fit all that horribly even for me sizing up. 
I have 24" thighs and normally wear a 32-33 in most brands for jeans. 33 waist 508's fit me quite nicely in the seat and thigh after a couple wears.
I'm wearing women's jeans? 
Embrace it
^ ^
I'm so excited these are back. I'd like to know more about the clothes soundclip makes though 
awesome. probably my favorite poster here. excellent interview
I really appreciate what you bring to MFA, soundclip. Your fits are very artistic and unique, very against the grain of MFA - very you. You use clothes as an extension of yourself and I don't see that as often as I'd like. Your art kicks ass too. 
Skirted pants would look dope. I would love to see you in one of them. 
Can I have a few of your forearm veins?
Hey I've never gotten the chance to say this anywhere else but I just wanna say your gauges are super dope. They fit your style so well and are just very .. 
Cool interview, love seeing your fits soundclip.
Thanks metcarfre. I appreciate it.
Cool interview. Nice to see these come back!
thanks for taking this over balloons.  i am way too busy to be a part of the interviews with work and a soon to be engagement.  best of luck with all the interviews in the future!
:3
Dude, you're majoring in journalism? What kind are you interested in?
Yeah, I've been working on a novel and a short story, but I'll probably get a degree and try and write for money at some newspaper or an online news source..I originally was considering visual advertising, but kind of changed my mind.
Nice, I want to be a journalist (to the dismay and hand-wringing of my asian parents). .What's the novel about?
You think you want to write politics? .The novel is about a blind painter who has a live in female assistant who describes the paintings to him as he works. The story is set during the progress of his final painting. (He knows, but she doesn't.) The painter has some kind of sickness. 
The story will have a lot of flash back of his life and him falling in love with this other girl (who eventually dies.) and becoming a success in the art world with him eventually going blind. He deludes himself into thinking his assistant is his lost love (when he knows its really not her.) And then kills himself at the end..The last page of the story will be missing and replaced with an image of his final painting. (Which I'll have to make it make sense.)
Dude spoilers :(.That sounds amazing though, let us know when you release it!
Thanks dude
What would you like to know? :)
How did you get started? What sort of fabrics you use and where you get them? Is it mostly mods or from scratch? Do you make your own patterns? 
Started with alterations and modifications. The pants I made was just copying the pattern of oversized sweats which I dramatically tapered the legs with a j shape. Added spandex into the band which caused cool pleating, and boom..Haven't done anything in a while though..
very glad these are back tho.
My fellow metro/ypsi/aa nigga
I've always been intrigued by his style. Great stuff!
Thanks!
YAY MFA INTERVIEWS!
The third picture is what got me hooked on MFA. I thought it was so goddamn interesting. Thank you soundclip..Edit: I also have a bonsai tree. Which kind do you have?
I have a mother lode juniper. What do you have? 
I had a hinoki cypress,  and was just given some variety of clumping juniper. 
Hinokis are really cool. I've seen some really cool cypress..I think my next one might be a rhododendron or an azalea. A cool flowering bonsai.
Azeleas are really cool. When I get my own place I'd like to look into some deciduous type,  those can look really really cool. 
i want a bonsai but i know jackshit about them, where do i acquire such knowledge
Well, I've worked landscaping and at a greenhouse, so that helped me a lot. . is a great resource as well. You just have to wire and defoliate the plant without stripping any branches bare. They need plenty of sunlight and water. Can't forget about it because it will totally die.
 - how do you foresee translating layered slouchiness to a job that requires more dressing up than say, the nursery you're at now?
Clean in up a bit. Wear elongated viridi-anne button ups with light tan jackets, cropped grey trousers and Derby's with a wedge sole.
How do you work out your layering stuff though? You must have about a billion tshirts of differing lengths..Are you like a savant who can just look at pieces of clothing and intuitively understand how they'll layer in three dimensional space?
Trial and error usually. I know that if a t shirt or tank goes past my fly it's probably good for layering, depending on the nature of the fabric. But yeah, most of the time I can envision what it will sort of be like.
thx so much for getting this off the ground though, + it was great working w/ you on it. congrats on the engagement!
I love how at first glance I see pretty "normal" fits, but after a second I notice that there's one or two things that are unique/intriguing/out of place and it just looks genius..Also, your art is pretty cool.
Thank you, and thank you. I'm really glad you like my stuff. Means a lot. :3
I'll have your art in the mail very soon sir. 
Awesome! I was working on yours for a while last night and it's almost done.
Sweet.
Thanks. I really love them too. I feel very comfortable wearing them. And I love that the pair I have are made of dark green marble. Adds another cool element to my fits.
Thank you. I really appreciate that enadelb..I like pushing myself and I enjoy bringing something new to the table.
Yeah man I could pick out your fits from a lineup and know it was you every time. Sometimes I see people criticizing your posts and I think, "they just don't get it"
Soundclip is awesome and every time I see one of his fits it catches my eye and draws me in to looking at it for a few minutes. Im glad this interview was done..To soundclip: I also live in Michigan! what part do you live in? Are you going to arts beats and eats? (royal oak), If you are it would be killer to meet you!
Thanks. I live in Saginaw unfortunately. When is the thing in royal oak? I was gonna do an art comp in grand rapids in September.
No shit?! Im going to Saginaw Valley in the fall! .The thing in Royal oak is labor day weekend (August 30th- September 2nd)
Damn, I'll p be in grand rapids then.
Damn. I'll be there all fall and winter because I'm going to college there so if you feel like it, hit me up. You seem like a cool dude. 
Where are you showing for artprize
I still have to connect with a venue. You gonna be there though right? ;)
Hell yes. Pm me
oh yeah hit up the wolverine store for show >:) dat mfa influence
That's not bad of an idea, if they would take me.
You want a couple?
Yeah, my left arm has a shortage...
Hmm, that's cool..I want to write New Yorker/Harper's style feature pieces in the future maybe. I'm also a fan of NPR's feature reporting, I think it would be cool to be a foreign correspondent for them.
NPR would be absolutely amazing though. Writing for an art magazine like Juxtapose would be cool for me too.
I just want to smell Sylvia Poggioli's hair. 
cool, this is my fav poster on mfa i dont usually have a hi opinion of these style interviews but this was nice
:D
kitty in 1 lacks synergy. Would love to see a ferret there.edit: I said that without reading the interview, tfw you actually have a ferret
Yayy, it's back! I'd love to see some of your biz caz fits, that'd be a huge departure from your current style. 

aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa what a cutie
Awesome! You guys are back!.To soundclip: do you ever sell any of your art?
I have sold a couple pieces. I'm about to do a trade with . for one of his wood sculptures, and . will probably get one eventually for a trade. I've been building up a portfolio so that I can show my work around Michigan before I begin really selling. Exceptions can always be made however.
Cool. I'm moving into an apartment in August and would love to get one. I'll PM you. 
Yeah, sounds good. You know what sort of color harmony you have in mind?
Not really, no. Not sure what the walls are in the apartment, or that I'd want to match those. .Monochrome, green/blue/white, brown/teal/white and yellow/red/blue are what I can think of, but not sure how they'd match. 
I can come up with something. :3
If I were to provide an image of a painting, could you produce something similar? It has a lot of texture to it..Specifically 
You mean a landscape? Or a deconstruction of this painting?
I guess so? I just like the colours, the texture, their progression. I'm not so interested in the landscape of it, but the feeling it produces..Maybe this is less simple than I thought.
I remember seeing an album of your art, but that was awhile ago, do you have any updated albums? your stuff was pretty sweet and would match the eventual aesthetic I would like to get to in my apartment (although art is below clothes on my to cop list)

that 2nd one is dope
I love the textures that you work with (in your clothes and your art)
do you have a TV series where you use this ability to solve crimes.
I am on board for making the pilot of this.
I hate to bring it up this way but,.MFA outfit 3.0: .Light blue OCBD, olive/green chinos, white sneakers (Common projects, jack purcells).Really clean look if the fit is right.
Brown shoes, light blue top will look great, as well as white shoes, pale red top..Avoid dark colors like navy or black, muted colors will look better. Avoid yellows.
White shoes. Yeah, I thought about buying a pair of shoes in that colour..Though I'm not sure what kind of shoes. Could you link me something between street style / classy ? If there's something like that..Also, if I get them, will I need a white belt?
Most white shoes that are recommended in here will be sneakers, usually something simple like Chucks, Vans, GATs or Common Projects..The other shoes that work are bucks..Besides these two types of shoes, white shoes aren't really common..No you don't need a white belt.
I wen't off of . guide and was very happy with it. 
Did you size down on waist only?
I sized down on waist 1" and sized up on inseam 2"
And it came out more like slim fit but just slightly tighter on the waist?
The waist was tight for about a month but then it stretched out and was very comfortable. 
I would recommend 34x36.
I wear the exact measurements as you. I went TTS and it was miserable. Your not buying slim fit so I say go with the bigger size. I soaked mine twice and tried to survive for a week of horrible tightness. .Went 38-36. Soooo much better. Jeans are snug now after a hot 2 hour soak. .I'm not a fan of the size down
Yea, I don't know how it's gonna turn out, so I sized down 1" on waist only. Depending on how 35x36 feels, I'll maybe try 36x36 or even 38x36.
might work for you. I know that it made me wildly uncomfortable wearing the smaller size. Evryone said oh just power thru it, but trying to work while wearing too small jeans turned out to be not worth it for me. .best of luck!
How so?
Contrary to the tags, you actually want to size down -1 or -2. Yes, they shrink about an inch, but they'll stretch back 2 inches. 
Hmm ok. I'll order 35x36 to have a bit of breathing room for my legs. Will the fit be more like slim fit after shrinkage?
I agree with 34x36. I usually wear 32x30 and I bought 501STF in 32x30. The length ended up being pretty damn good after shrinking (my inseam is actually around 29") and the waist fits great. The thighs are comfortable, but the leg area is definitely not tapered AT ALL..Sizing down the waist 1" or so is a good idea, as it definitely stretches. The waist on mine will fall down after I wear them without a belt all day..Since you're not a skinny dude, the straight leg should look fine. 501s usually look great on muscly or bigger dudes. DYEL?
Thanks for your personal experience and input. This is my first pair, and I'm a bit skeptical about it... But I just bought a 35x36 501's, so Ill see how it goes!
I recommend shrinking em in hot water (turn inside out) and drip dry, then towel dry, then wear em for a while, being careful not to stretch the knees too much. Then let em dry and wear the shit out of em! That's basically what's in ...I wear mine when I work on and ride my motorcycle. It's nice to have a tough pair of jeans for this, and it adds extra character (mad fades).
I found the suggestion questionable too but I only own one pair of shrink to fit. I got mine 1" larger in waist and 2 inches in length. I normally wear 29 x 32. The waist is very tight but the length is good. Whatever you do, I would edge towards too tight than too loose simply because the cut is already very full. 
Good luck!
No. It is very much a straight leg jean. Depending on your measurements, it may be slim-ish in the legs but it doesn't taper below the leg. 
I'm a bit larger than average and 16.5 slim fits me well (brooks brothers)...I'd imagine if you're tall and skinny and a 16.5 neck is what you wear, you could probably stand to have the body tapered at least a bit. .But yes, tailors can slim the body and the sleeves, and shorten sleeves/body if you buy too long (sounds like it's not a problem in your case)...look for something in the range of $30-40 for the body + 1 or the other of the arm tailoring (slim or shorten)...anything more and you're probably paying too much..Unless your tailor is taking in the side seam instead of adding darts...at which point perhaps consider darts instead as they're generally cheaper
If he's getting the sleeves slimmed AND the body slimmed, he should ask the tailor to do both from the side seam anyway, as it's a continuous seam. If he just needs the sleeves, the tailor has to open the side seam regardless.
That's a good point, actually. I've never paid that much attention, but looking now, on the shirts my tailor has slimmed the sleeves of, the body was taken in from the side seams instead of darted. 
Is it easy enough to slim both body and sleeves on dress shirts at home with a sewing machine? It seems like it and I have a ton for school that I have to wear but all fit way too big on me.
Yes.  I prefer . method, fwiw. It's the easiest. However, instead of cutting out the excess fabric at the end I'd just take the time to sew a zig-zag stitch if I were you. It's better..*addendum also use a double stitch instead of a single stitch. Will hold up better, and since the shirt is slim you'll have more pulling at the sleeves.
Yes. Tailors can make it better. Take one in and see if the result works for you 
Have you tried Levi's 510 chinos?
Most Topman trousers give proper length listings do they not? Asos skinny chinos are great, more tappered than tight
[deleted]
I'm 5'10, 150lbs, pretty thin, and I have a pair of ASOS slim chinos that fit perfectly. ASOS also has a skinny cut (too tight for me) if the slim aren't close enough to 510s. .They also have free shipping and returns, so it's super easy to find the perfect fit. On the downside, since the pants are so affordable, the quality boarders on cheap (but still worth it to have a few pairs around IMO).
Did you try dockers alphas ?
Go to a tailor. i have to do that to get my pants the way i want
...Levi's has 510 chinos. I've got four pairs of them hanging on my closet now. Granted, three of them are obnoxiously loud red, yellow, and blue chinos. One of them is olive. .Back in May they did have 510s in khakis, but Levi's is stupid and they discontinued it. I keep kicking myself again and again for not getting them sooner. 
Different styles of pants usually have a different "cut," or shape. And even with the same style of pants, like chinos, one brand or designers will have a different cut than other brands/designers..Plus, not everybody has the same body shape. Put it all together and the result is:.1) shop, shop, shop until you find a pair of chinos that fit well..2) take the chinos to a tailor or learn to alter them yourself.
Depends on the person's body.
Chinos really shouldn't fit like 510s IMO 
510 chinos are actually decently hard to find and places like Amazon and Zappos don't stock them so I would wait for a slight sale on .. 
Gap lived In skinny or JCrew 484
You tried their skinny chinos? I'm 5'7", 147 lbs so not too far off from you and their skinny chinos are pretty skinny on me. Granted my legs are kinda large for my proportions but I can't imagine you drowning in them unless your legs are really thin (as always fit pics would help).
alphas fit more like 511's, perhaps even larger 
Good lord, don't get Forces..No one wears them anymore, except people who swear by them, and most of the time those people don't know how to dress themselves..Forces were cool back then-- they're not now. I mean, honestly, what . you wear with Forces? They're too bulky for a fitted look, and you're better off wearing a different pair of kicks if you're going for street..Just because it's retro doesn't mean it's cool. That's why fedoras are looked down upon.... holy shit. Forces are the fedoras of the sneaker world.
thank you for your insight, i really dont know what to get, all i want is a nice pair of sneakers =/
[deleted]
that's horribly racist (and wrong)
Flightclubla.com or flightclubny.com.Most of those are the more expensive variations, but you can look through and find which style you like.
what do you think of . (or one of the other color variations, altough size 46 has to be available)
Much better!.Let me ask you this: are you looking for a specific height (low, mid, high)?.Because Janoskis are perfect for summer. You can rock them with both shorts and pants.
im not a shorts person at all. I think my legs are too skinny and then any kind of larger shoe will look like im wearing cannon balls on my feet :P.I dont really want high sneakers, mid is okay because my ankles feel supported a bit by the sides, its nothing i need it just feels nice..I almost exclusively wear levis denim 506/511
"Donald Trump in a white tee and white ones,
conversation is money, nigga, you want some?".srsly tho white af1s are classic, why would you get black
History goes out the door when it just plain looks bad. If you like it, go for it, but I wouldn't wear them and don't be surprised if people don't love them.
That looks awful.
I have a pretty wicked scar to remember by time in the Army by, at first I was a bit embarrassed by it when wearing shorts and stuck to pants for many years. I rock that thing now though, and people either dont even really notice or never comment so its become a non-issue.
as long as you dont have open wounds.
like large gaping ones.that shit is nasty. insert horrified pic..and yes, ive seen that before. not the just got them an hour ago kind. the "i got them 2 days ago but i wear shorts if I want to" kind.
come up with better stories and rock shorts..i rock them all the time.  most of my scars are from football, rugby and deadlifts.  tack on my calves are huge and i am not hairy my legs get lots of questions or compliments.
Who cares, just do it. What are you going to do? Wear pants forevermore? Just slap some lotion on bc dry gross legs you can control.
The only scars that look nasty are burn scars 
I'm not the most fashionable person on here, but I'd totally rock the visible scars with pride! Although, I'd recommend choosing a short which emphasizes your lifestyle (whatever that may be) which gave you the scars, rather than just pick a generic "its in style right now" sorta thing. 
Dude I'm getting surgery super soon that will leave me with one long and massive scar on my chest. Fuck ya I'll still be taking my shirt off at the beach and such. 
For quite a while I had scars all over my forearms, legs, and back and I just wore normal cloths... That said I am shorter (5,5" or so) with broad shoulders and tend to wear jeans, and a Henley with work boots (kind of the look from man of steal, but I'm not that buff)... I think it worked well (scars have faded and are not too noticable now so I can't take a quick pic)... To me it's all about if you feel comfortable in your own cloths
Conversation starter, yeah?
Fuck yes it is.
Wear that shit with confidence and dont give a fuck.
Fuck yeah man! You rock those shorts!
As long as you tell people you got the scars from kickboxing a would-be chainsaw murderer into submission, saving an orphanage in the process.
Wait are you the guy that got wasted and started writing shit on his legs?
Yeah. It's called not giving a fuck what other people think as long as you're happy with your shorts.
absolutely, dude, own it!
depends if u look rugged or not.i mean if ur some geeky gangly dude maybe not
It could work with geekyness as well. Kinda like a hidden dark side appeal.
Not really it just looks weird to me. Some skinny white guy with massive scars on his legs. You can't help but think, scars usually have cool stories attached, but his would be incredibly boring. You know he didn't get them fighting a bear. 
I mostly fit that description, except my scars are all on my left arm. They're all legitimately from motorcycle accidents, so I have no issues letting people see my scars. Skinny people can be interesting too! 
Might I ask as to your reasoning behind that?
considering he is a . he is probably some geeky gangly dude.
why does his comment have 5 upvotes
Holy shit, OP is a fucking racist asshole. What a scumbag.
Scar - fine..Burn - still fine.Massive road rash - depends on how formal of a situation you're in.Track marks - No..Small rash - If you're going to scratch it, no.  Otherwise it should be fine..Massive rash, ranging from terrible eczema to flesh eating disease - No.
What qualifies as . eczema?
When it starts resembling barnacles or full appendage sunburn. 
Really? I like to show off my flesh eating diseases. I think they really add a unique flair to my style.
dat compendium on appropriate skin blemishes
Can we get a skin disease guide on the sidebar?
Maybe like a weekly thread too like a "what are you infected with today?"
herpes, always
Scars are pretty universally cool. Unless they're morbid enough to make onlookers gasp and small children weep there's nothing at all wrong with showing them.
would you mind taking a picture? this could be your Self-consciousness taking a hold of you.
Scars are tattoos with better stories.
This. I've got 6 inch scars on the outside of either shin from a bilateral compartment release done in 2009. I was super self conscious about them because they're bright white whereas the rest of my legs are quite tanned, so they stick out like crazy. Girlfriend and friends convinced me to not worry about it, and the above comment is right on the money. Wear 'em with pride and confidence my friend. 
I dunno, the two noticeable scars I have are from melting plastic with a lighter and getting it on my hand and the other is from driving into the back of a station wagon on my bicycle. Neither one is a particularly good story. :P
Make up better stories then ;)
Seriously. I have a quarter-inch scar on my wrist from when I rescued a woman from being burn-raped by 40 Klan bikers..EDIT: Not really. It was some dumb kid in the Boy Scouts who wasn't looking where he was whittling.
Hahaha make some believable stories ;)
I have a scar on my forehead that I got while playing hide and go seek. I injured myself ., had to get 6 stitches for it.
I have to say, that is very impressive.
Went to cover my face on the wall to count so people could hide, smashed my head into the corner because I didn't pay attention to where the wall ended. There's really nothing more to the story than that. No alcohol, no one shoved me, nothing..I like to think that it's such an incredibly lame story that it comes full circle and becomes semi-interesting again as people can't wrap their heads around how I managed to do that.
yea rock the leg patina man

who is that again?
Seal
I'm pretty sure that's a human. /s
thanks!
Don't clean it or you will reduce its value!
hit it up with some venetian once in a while tho
It gives them character.
With confidence you can wear anything. 
that man could fuck my girlfriend and I'd be okay with it
Eddie Murphy
wound fadez
Red Wing has a section on their website about how to clean their various leathers. I think for Hawthorne you generally just use a suede brush.
Whoops, I guess I forgot to mention my previous attempts at getting the stains out. I have tried those gummy eraser things they make for suede and also some Kiwi suede/nubuck cleaner spray with a very stiff bristled plastic brush. They helped a good bit, but the marks at the very tip of the toe box remained. Sorry I forgot to mention that as the whole point of the thread is about that! lol. I even took them to the Redwing store this weekend and the shop keeper didn't have much insight. I thought my friends at MFA may have a secret to share. .Otherwise, I sort of like the way they look. I just know the occasions in which I could wear them would be limited to being extremely casual. 
They look great as is! Sick fucking patina
Thanks dude!
Stop washing them so much.  Many people falsely assume that worn for 10 minutes = wash.  As long as your pants aren't stained or you haven't spent the day out in 90 degree weather, hang them back up for another wear later.  How long you actually wear them is up to your sense of funky but most suit/business casual people will only dry clean their pants 1 to 2 times a year which means several wears between laundering as an indication.
Wash them inside out. Never tumble dry them, hang them inside out.
Hand wash and air dry. If you really like your clothes, never put them in a dryer. All that lint you scoop out of the lint trap used to be part of your clothes.
Wash in cold water, hang dry. Buy nicer khakis (cheaper garments will tend to lose dye more easily).
Yes.
Thanks for the straight and to-the-point answer.
If you wanna make sure, just cuff them up to the length you'd shorten them to. If they look fine that way, they should look fine after getting shortened.
Lol. Thats the infamous "Clark Desert Boots - Beeswax"
damn it. I should have known. Maybe I was subconsciously hoping they weren't.
it appears to be some kind of fred perry windbreaker
I found it:.Thanks :)
Dat Rivers Cuomo. I owe some serious feels to that man. Pinkerton. That is all.
A Fred Perry zip jacket of some sort. Doesn't seem to be a part of the current line. . is as close as I can find in color in the current collection, and . in style
I found it:.Thanks :)
Slim the body, hem the sleeves, make the armholes smaller, slim the pants, haircut. Depending on how snug the arms are, I would also slim the arms a tad. Also picture is kind of dark, one break in the pants is fine, but if there is stacking I would also hem the pants.
Thanks for the help, I just have two questions, could you explain what you mean with the breaks in the pants and what stacking is those are the only ones I can't deduce from the wording?  And ball park what should I expect these alterations to cost?
Here's a . and I don't know, sorry. Just depends on the tailor, probably around $75 and up. Don't take my word for it though.

Id suggest you take a look at JCrew 484 as well...I've not tried Bonobos yet (planning on it) but the JCrew ones are great
I just got a pair on sale for $35 and so far find them pretty comfortable. I've worn them with low cut socks and heavy wool socks. They seem to be true to size, as I got a 10 and that's what I normally wear. I think they look pretty cool too, I especially like the sole.
Where did you purchase yours? I'm looking for some in size 12, but the only place I can find is direct from their website, which seems steep at $135.
I got mine from a sale site, The Clymb. Doubt you'd be able to find them on there again, at least not for a while.
I have a pair of Generic Surplus shoes (the Mariner) and I find them incredibly uncomfortable. It is like I can't get them to break in, they felt fine in the store and I wish I could have returned them but I didn't realize how horrible they were until I went out in them..I definitely wouldn't recommend buying them without trying them on.
I have 2 pairs of Generic Surplus, a pair of . and .. I got both for work, I work retail, and they held up okay for the price. From my experiences they're not the best quality by far, but the price is good,and I would probably buy another pair. I made an . of my pairs so you could see the wear. I've had the borstals for 6 months, and the apaches for a year.
Those shorts are pretty bad. Too long and an ugly plaid. Plaid shorts can work if they are shorter and more like a madras print in a preppy style. I would return them if you can. 
I'm getting . can you take a photo?
I've always associated chinos with a more clean look and having them be torn up kidna ruins them in my opinion.
I feel that fake distressing on chinos makes even less sense than on denim--where it makes none.  
I have a pair of Chinos that kind of look like this from wear and tear, but I don't wear it because it didn't normally fit my aesthetic, so I personally don't like them.
Not great, I suspect. .Pre-distressed chinos are just as bad, if not worse than, pre-distressed denim. Avoid.
why would you buy something if you dont know what you're going to wear it with? besides that, the sort of boat shoes/sneaker hybrids look gross, and that detailing on the upper doesnt look good. if you can return them, i would, and get some sperrys instead..outfits are easy, just chino shorts in khaki or olive and t-shirts in just about any color that doesnt match the shorts. fit is key.
Kinda moccasin - vans hybrids, i would treat them as I would mocs, and wear them casually, usually with chinos, etc.I prefer penny loafers or boat shoes to mocs, but thats just a matter of personal taste.
I just want to clarify why this is good advice. You wouldn't buy a car if you have nowhere in mind to drive. Think about how your purchases will fit into outfits beforehand and you won't regret your purchases and you will get more use and versatility out of what you have. The look of these shoes is a matter of taste, so if you like them, that's fantastic, but I tend to agree with the above statement; in general, hybrid shoes look bad. The outfit suggestions are good, but I would add navy shorts to this list as well.
I have plenty of clothes to wear them with already... but everyone wants new clothes every once in a while :P.
Thanks for your input! But I . how this .. I've tried on Sperry's and they're not the same. The detailing on the upper is subtle, the lighting in the first picture is set up to exaggerate its texture. From a few feet away, you can't really tell there's anything there. That's what I love about it. The intricate details..What kind of chino shorts would you recommend? I've tried a couple brands on and they always ride in the crotchal region.
If you like that style, try looking at a ..
j. crew, uniqlo usually what im dressed in
, but brands like J. Crew or Gap would probably be safe bets. It depends on your budget really, Target occasionally has nice shorts if you aren't looking to spend much, and if you are willing to spend more, 
Jesus those are amazing. I wish I could afford.
OH! I misunderstood why you were asking for outfit advice. If you want to buy something new, Alternative apparel V neck tees are the bee's knees on skinny guys like you, maybe some short sleeve button ups? 
budget?
there's a lot of different styles for brogues/wingtips, so i just did a .. i personally like cole haans, but they're not for everyone (and they don't make many shortwings with open lacing like the one you linked). look at everything and narrow the search down as you please.
If I found a great fit $200-300
I have a Cole Haan that looks identical and is very comfortable. .Purchased at a local Macy's for $195
I'm sorry I picked the wrong shoe this is what you want . I'm sure they could be had for less on ebay if you searched.
 I know the soles different and they don't have it in black, if not I think strands would be what you want really and they can be had for that price.
what are you wearing?  Those brogues look sort of casual with the contrast stitching.  Do you want something casual?. is a dressy option. is a casual option
Not my cup of tea, but then again you're the one wanting to wear them not me.  I'd say as long as you like them and you're happy with how you look in them then by all means.  Just be prepared to get some looks...
Speaking as someone from the northeast who owns a few pairs of 5" shorts, I say go for it AS LONG AS YOU HAVE THE LEGS. If you don't you'll look like an idiot, otherwise rock them. 
go ahead rock them! i own chubbies and they are great!
nope
I wear a 5" on my swim trunks (also from Bonobos).  But for normal shorts I rock a 10" or 11" inseam.  I have long ass legs (6'4) and anything shorter appears strange to me.  The 11" inseam still ends above my knee and the proportions seem in line with the rest of me..The 5" seems to work for me with trunks because I'm not wearing a shirt of any kind so no proportions to look all wonky to my eye.
Chubbies mode? My fraternity just had this craze about em towards the end of the summer... "Skies out, thighs out" Honestly, if you don't have thicker legs, you should never wear 5" or chubbies. 
What do you mean "thicker"? As in athletic or fat?.I have athletic legs.
yes IF you can rock it.

Shorter shorts are fine if you are in shape...something about shapeless, white thighs with no muscle tone...those should be hidden.
athletic bro. No one wants to see chubby thighs :d
Ha, that's what I thought. I'd never heard of Chubbies and your talk about thicker legs made me really confused.
I mean personally it's not for me...but you know if it suits well, no reason not to wear em
Ok, you want F/W essentials correct?  I'm from MN so we KINDA have similar winters, except ours are far worse.  You will want Bean boots for snow storms and whenever your doing snow activities, then I would recommend a work boot like RW IR's or 1ks, you want wool sweaters if you can get them, right now is great time to go on ebay and look, i have found a lot of jcrew sweaters that are wool that sell for like 20 bucks.  3 sweaters in olive, natural/ecru/beige, and navy, 1 grey sweatshirt uniqlo for cheap nice one, and a hoodie for warmer days..Now's the time to get some nice jeans raws if you want to and some caramel chinos, olive chinos, and you should be set for pants, may want to add a dark grey color if you want,.For shirts plaid and flannel are your friends, assuming you already have white/light blue OCBD, a solid navy OCBD is really nice, blackwatch is a great classic color, and another flannel of your choice..Jackets peacoat/duffle coat would work really well in winter and a pointer chore coat/denim jacket would work really well in the fall..Did I miss anything?  Btws replace the boots with Whites boots and navy wool sweater to burgundy and you have my F/W cop list.
sorry if im kind of slow or whatever, but what are you asking for? 
'You're in France, why not a French Wardrobe?
4 Tees
2 OCBD'S
2 Sweaters
2 Pairs of Chinos
1 Pair of Raw Denim
1 Jacket
1 Pair of Boots
1 Pair of Sneakers
1 Pair of Boat Shoes/Loafers/Mocs/Bucks'.This commented was by genericwizardguy. .Something like this, pretty much a checklist of what I generally should be aiming for when making purchases in the next few weeks so I don't end up with tons of vnecks haha. I'm still unsure of what else is out there other than ocbd and vnecks. 
They both look like crap. Seriously. Very little redeeming in either outfit..On the left:.Ugly boat shoes (with a jacket). Jacket fit is way off (long sleeves, just to start). Hideous pants with giant, sloppy cuffs. What appears to be a loud, plaid shirt completes the outrageous ensemble..On the right:.This guy's doing much better  there's nothing outrageous here  but the black loafers and belt don't work with the earthy, red pants. I see he's "subtly" poking a kerchief out of his back pocket. Yeah . . . no. The cuffed pants are too high and too low. The shirt's poorly tucked in, and is a bit too loose in the body compared to the sleeves.
Honestly, and not trying to sound like a sick here, but I think the only reason the guy on the right doesn't succeed is because it appears he needs to be in better shape with a slimmer fitting shirt. 
first one has plugs and fugly shoes the second one is fat.so theres no possible way either one can be fashionable
this is one of the most ignorant comments I've ever seen. 
They both succeed the left just has a better body
the sleeves appear to be artificially appearing long because of the arm position/movement, the jacket is pretty apparently unbuttoned...the only fit you can judge from this image is the shoulders, which look fine. So there's no way to tell if the jacket fit is off or not....Theres also no reason you cant wear a plaid with a stripe...the stripes appear tight while the plaid is loose. Its doable. Again, youd have to see it from the front to truly judge. .There's nothing hideous about the pants at all aside from the really, really terrible cuffing job. The shoes are terrible, I'll give you that. .Really, theres nothing on the first guy thats a massive no-no...just a lot of stuff that requires a different shot to make a judgement call. You don't seem to be a fan of bright colors, and thats fine, but his choices seem to work together to me, if bright colors happen to be your thing. .The second guys pants are WAY too short. I think he looks worse just because of the poorly fitting shirt. 
For the question about ., here's another photo; I'd say they're too long. There's also a little better view of the shirt collar and the blue and green shoes. I did not get photos from the front.
based on this, they're definitely too long
Sorry my first photo was confusing.
[deleted]
The wrinkles are probably from having sat down somewhere. Clothes get wrinkly when they're worn.
Shoulders are slighty too wide, also. The shirt looks like a four-colored abomination.
No shit. That was obvious from the original photo.
I don't cuff my pants, and I have no clue about good or bad. Could you tell me what the problem is on the cuffed blue pants?
fat people can never be fashionable, get over it.passable maybe, fashionable no
so sick of seeing alber elbaz and walter van beirendonck at shows, goddamn they can't even be fashionable. jean touitou stop making unfashionable clothes.
Re: Left.You pegged me right about bright colors. Still, I think a lot better could be done here. The jacket calls for more subtlety, whereas the bright pants look like clubwear from an Express catalog. The pants would look good at night, with a white shirt and black dress shoes. The jacket would work with khaki chinos. Together, though, paired with the blue shoes, this combination says, "look at me," but fails to deliver on the details once it grabs your attention. Also, I still think the sleeves are too long.
they may well be too long...my point was it could also be because his elbow is crocked, and we cant tell because of the angle (hes in motion so thats not unlikely). They could also be right, and the image is deceiving us. 
starch + these:

You have a few options.
oh this is nice! Thanks
Workin Stiffs are great.  If you have a Nordstrom or Rack near you they can be found there.
Collar stays keep it straight but end up making it really flat for me. Do they need to be magnetic? 
It's partially the style of the collar, the rest is heavy starch. Most dry cleaners suck at heavy starch. 
You dont think its something I could do myself at home? With an iron and starch spray?
Yes, but use a good iron and don't go overboard on the starch or it ends up burning and flaking off. It's a tough balance to achieve but you can do it. 
Dye them yourself.
didn't even think of that.. thanks
there is no such thing. 
jungmaven makes some nice ones
Check out your local farmers markets. There's usually a guy who does a really good job at tie dye.
ill def check that out!
I'd say talk to a friend that knows how to make them.
Or learn to make them yourself--that's the easiest way..Either way, it's more custom and you can choose what brand white tee you want. 
ragstock
Out of the ones you listed... The cap toe is more formal than the wholecut you linked as the wholecut is brogued. The whole cut looks more interesting though, so it depends on what you will be doing and how much people around you care. I would go for wholecut. The clean cap toe is just ugly. 
The last ones would be the most versatile. You wouldn't look out of place wearing those whether you were at a funeral or in a business casual office.
I think the captoe is an "older" style, and more formal.  I think they'd look off in anything less than a suit and tie..Whole-cut is "just a shoe."  Get it really shiny if you need to be formal, but otherwise nobody will even give it a second look.  Good for all occasions.  (But I'm speaking to whole-cut shoes in general, I'm not keen on the detailing on the ones you listed.)
Fruitier, lighter colognes are for the spring and summer. Musky, deep colognes are for winter and fall. As for the colognes you linked; it's really hard to tell without smelling it or at least having a list of ingredients that make up the scent. .Here are my guesses: .Safari: s/s.Fahrenheit: f/w (maybe?).Fuel for life: s/s.Only the brave: f/w.Hot water: f/w (maybe) .Gucci sport: s/s.Noir: f/w
Check out .. Incredible amount of information on there including reviews for probably all those colognes, most which include all the "notes" for the cologne. It takes a bit of knowing which notes mean what but you can usually figure out what kind of season it is appropriate for from the comments. .. 
typically you wear lighter, fresher smelling frags in warm seasons - citrus, florals etc - both to reflect the season and for the practical reason that people's bodies run hotter when it's warm and will project their perfume much more strongly as a result.in your case I would save the Safari and Fahrenheit for fall, I can't speak to the rest though
Just put on some Axe I mean shit.
I sometimes forget only the UK calls it Lynx
Thanks very much everyone, you've all been super helpful 
$100 does sound a little high, but take into consideration that jackets will always cost quite a bit more to get taken in than shirts because of the complexity of the construction.
here are my tailor's prices. .he's both one of the best and one of the priciest (if not the priciest) in cambridge, ma..shortening / lengthening sleeves : $30 - 45 (depending on lining)
taking in sides : $45
shortening collar : $60 (so many jacket need this done)
shortening hem : $60 - 120
slimming sleeves : $45.for the work you got done, but considering where you got the work done, i'd say it falls within the upper end of what one would expect to pay..Also, I wouldn't say doing Zara qualifiues him as corporate. in ny, they should be doing loro piana and ermenegildo zegna.
Lol 
You've been taken for a ride.
what type of jackets were they?
What do you mean "fitted"? Taken in at the sides? Sleeves lengthened or shortened? If you were having a lot of work done on them, it could have easily been $100 each.
Seems like it cost about twice what it should.
He said a bunch of names I don't remember, the one that I do know was Zara :) And thanks!
, and one more that I can't find on the website (it was a little more casual than the blazer)
im not an expert on tailoring, but that sounds a bit excessive. id ask in the simple questions thread if you still want other opinions
I am terribly sorry if this sounds out of place. I think tailoring is great with very good results. I wish I was one who has this kind of money to buy a shirt that needs to then be altered.  I cannot afford to spend something like $140 on a jacket. These threads always talk about tailoring. Is there such thing as looking great on a much tighter budget.  A $30 jacket that does not require me to dump 1/4 of my weekly paycheck into it?

At the end of the day, you'll have paid $260 for two well fitting low quality jackets. You could have just got one nice, quality jacket for that cost.
I figured I'd rather have a well fitting jacket that's not as nice quality, than once that's really nice but doesn't fit too well.
Why not get a good quality jacket, then get it tailored so you can have something that will last much longer? Seems like wasted money to me.
I'm not sure exactly how you came to the conclusion that a $100 jacket from Uniqlo is low quality (whatever exactly that means), and furthermore because it is low quality, that it less durable and won't last as long as more expensive jacket..Keep in mind that the more fitted a garment is, the less it is likely to serve a useful life across periods of weight gain, weight loss, growing up, working out, etc.  You can get a high quality shirt which is perfectly form fitted and will last forever, but will be unwearable if you gain 5 pounds. I've never really had a garment physically give out long before I gave it up due to some personal body change, or else just out of style or destroyed in a motorcycle accident or something.
Because I've shopped at Uniqlo and it's about the same quality as H&M. OP said he spent $30 each on the jackets, so yeah, without even looking at it I'm pretty sure a $30 Uniqlo jacket is pretty shitty quality.
Sides taken in, sleeves taken in
It's high. I've had that run up to $70 at my tailor. Still, my tailor is at a small shop no one knows of. Some more busy places and more experienced tailors can charge more.
For sides and sleeves, I'd say 100 a piece is a rip off
Shit, I knew I should have looked around. I'm right by Times Square, and he does a lot of corporate work (Zara, etc), so I figured it'd be kinda expensive, but I was in a hurry
Tailoring costs will vary by local and NYC/Times Square especially is one of the most expensive places in America, so kind of makes sense. $100 does sound like a lot though, it's probably worth shopping around.
for times square, and a quick turn-around? doesn't sound like you got ripped off, actually.
They said approx a week turnaround, so I'm not sure if that's considered good. And yeah, I figured everything in Times was expensive. He literally told me I could get it cheaper if I went downtown, but I was already there and in a hurry.
A week isn't bad. My tailor generally takes about a week to take in sides on shirts, hem them etc. so being able to do the same on two jackets is pretty good considering the construction is more complex. 
check out the ., see if you find something you like..dont get that bag
I went through the guide. I'm not a fan of backpacks. Briefcases/Carpenter Bags are annoying to carry(or at least that's my take on it). 
Messenger bags seem way too big, yet seem the only viable choice. .Would something like . work?(without logos) 
There's also finding reasonable ways to reduce how much you carry, and utilizing jacket pockets.
You could stop smoking, that would be two less things to carry.  Also, you won't die.  That's always a good. 
something like that would be fine. if you want more opinions, ask in the simple questions thread
Sounds familiar, here's what I did (to avoid a man-purse):.I don't like satchels or tiny messenger bags, although I bought one once because it seemed to make sense.  They flop all over the place, tend to be damn uninteresting to look at, and probably cost too much.  If I had to carry a tiny bag like that, might as well go all out and buy a masculine looking purse or tote bag and "own it."  .And what'll you put into it, basically just your keys and smokes, right?  (Keeping your money and phone on your body for security reasons.)  Seems like a waste if you're not into the fashion aspect and just doing it for utility..Get a proper messenger bag or briefcase (not sure when you plan on using this thing) and you can then stow a book, iPad, pack of chewing gum, in addition to whatever else.
Thanks for the input. I will try to minimize the load as you said. See what I can do to lighten up, before committing to a bag..No wallet? Hmm. I have a friend who does this. Maybe I should try it. + will remind me to use change more often since I tend to store a lot of coins.  I don't use the wallet for anything but cash so I'll definitely go for this.  .Thanks again for the great ideas!
Wear a jacket works if you live on the west coast, or northern middle america, but there are a solid 4+ months where you can't wear a jacket in the high humidity states.
Yes, of course.  Thus, "whenever possible."  When you go out at night during the summer, or if you leave for work early in the morning, or know you'll be somewhere with strong air conditioning..But I've only lived in the Northeast.  Maybe that's just unrealistic in Florida.
Yeah...high humidity does things you have no intuition for if you've never lived it.  Specifically, it's the same temperature at night as during the day, it does not cool down.  If it was 90 during the day it'll be 85 at night.  
Well, to get the lowest profile you can just use an ID holder and keep your cash loose.  That's ., and all I carry is:
1.  Driver's license
2.  Credit card
3.  ATM card
4.  Health insurance card.That required, for me, removing a lot of things.  Sensitive items are left at home, and I just have to be better about remembering to bring them when necessary (e.g., dental insurance card, "extra" credit card, etc.)..Non-sensitive items can be left in the car, and I realized that I was carrying all this crap with me all the time when I didn't need to.  (e.g., vehicle registration and insurance documentation, business cards, supermarket/drugstore membership cards, receipts, spare change, etc.).Of course, just using a wallet to hold your essential cards and cash would be fine, if not just a little bulkier than ID holder + cash.  It depends on how much you "have" to carry..I just didn't get why you carry a document holder and a wallet?  (Unless I'm misunderstanding what you meant by "document holder.")
Once I lost my wallet with my ID, ATM card, and Drivers License. Since then I decided to get this ID holder and keep it separated. It's really lean so I can keep it in my front pocket where it's harder to fall off or get pick-pocketed. + my father was nagging how money and documents shouldn't be kept together... probably had the greatest "told you so" speech ever when I lost the wallet..Vehicle registration I used to keep with me as well(again father's advice) and in a different ID holder. But I've given up and I just keep it in the car. .I will go walletless to work tomorrow and see how that goes. I have a clip for the keys will give it a run as well. All that remains are the smokes. Even when empty I don't like the whole pocket in the shirt thing... but if I move the cigs there... I just move the bulge I'm afraid. Have to think of something... maybe even take the downvoted guy's advice and quit them :D 
As long as you're not Tony Montana you should be able to keep the ID holder (with your essentials) and your folded up cash in your front pocket.  You can satisfy your father's wisdom by only removing your cash when needed and leaving your ID safely in your pocket, and also be low-profile..The smokes are really a burden on the pockets.  They are bulky and have sharp edges that will ruin your pants.  They are fragile in a stiff box so you have to keep them in your front pocket.  But your phone and money/ID are more important, so they should get the front pocket priority.  Argh..You could buy soft packs, if you can find them, and keep them in your shirt pocket.  I've rolled them ., but that's not appropriate for all occasions.  One person I knew used a slim cigarette case (could only hold about 5 or 6) and then left a carton in his car trunk and refilled as necessary.  I thought that was a bit severe..(I quit after twenty years, and my pockets are much less burdened.)
If you buy a lightweight blazer or spring jacket you may have enough pockets (inside chest pockets, not by your waist). .Basically, if your gear is visible in your pocket when you're standing still and/or clanks when you walk, you need to empty them. Also, anything you store repeatedly will mark your jeans (I laugh at guys in the bar with a wallet butt mark and a side iPhone mark). It happens, but it isn't attractive. .A small messenger bag is good. A small tote works too, depending in location or season. A briefcase can feel too formal (or a messenger bag too informal). Backpacks vary a lot in size, shape and material, but can be less desirable if you hit a bar and want to appear more grown up. Whatever you choose, mind the size (thickness as well as width/height) and really consider the materials. This is an accessory as well as a functional item. .Also, load in some weight and walk around. Listen for creaking/rubbing from the clasps. That drives me nuts so I really pay attention. .PS, Etsy can be a really interesting source for a one-off piece.
Yeah. When the weather allows it I always try and wear a jacket. But when it gets to 30C(~90F) degrees it's not acceptable to wear (even hold) a jacket. You've put into words my feelings towards most available choices for bags. Thanks for the advice!
I looked into them previously because they advertise on Reddit all the time, but I never found anything impressive about the brand--which is relatively unknown, as least to me--or their style..Their price also leaves a lot to be desired..Also, something about them just screams "SHADY!" especially when you go to their website and the first thing that pops up is a window that says "Save 70% on your first order!".If i can save that much on my first order, that means the prices are bullshit..That also makes me suspect their product is bullshit.
I bought a Josh Chadwick when it was up for pre-order. I love it and get compliments about it very often. I'd recommend it. 
The people of Reddit seem to have a sort of complex against Cadence.  Their prices are quite inflated, but after the inevitable discount their are the best watches you can get for the price.  I have the Franklin and it gets compliments.
I have the usugrow. It looks great and I get compliments. The biggest issue is that it is very difficult to read because the hands are black. If the hands were white, it would be a much better watch. 
Can't find it on google; any reproduction of this watch I can buy? It's pretty fuckin awesome.
.
I've been thinking about picking up a poljot or vostok watch, but I don't really wear watches.
Polish watch .. In space with Polish cosmonaut gen. Mirosaw Hermaszewski (27.06.78; Soyuz 30)
I like the strap most of all! Where can I find that watch with that strap?
My grandfather's watch, he went through the times of struggle in the U.S.S.R., specifically modern-day Russia. Maybe you guys do not think this is fashionable in modern times, or even past times, but it's special to me as a remembrance of him.
The . is by far . Russian watch.
Easy:  
I just recently got . with Cyrillic script and no paddle hands.  Loving it.
I really like . watch that I got recently, but the straps were a little too feminine, so I improvised a new one..Edit: forgot link :)
Really nice face..The strap... come on man

I love that. Does anyone make a similar style today?
Vostok. 
I own a ., which I'm quite happy with. It's a little flamboyant for some occasions, but I also own another Russian watch, which I can't remember the name of - I think it's a ZIM watch AFAIK, in beautiful blue/gold. For all I know (or care) they're both frankenwatches, I bought them on etsy. At some point I gotta get me a more toned-down black/white watch, the one I bought before broke..I really like the Russian watches, especially the ones with a little 60s/70s feel to them. They remind me, bizarrely, of my childhood, when I would watch old Russian cartoons like The Mole or whatever. And there's a sense of history to them.
people wear watches?.why?
to tell time? did they lose their phone?
says the guy in a fashion subreddit.  Christ.
going to be in lithuania for a month in a few days, will things like this be cheaper/easier to find there?
I've bought a few off ebay that came from Lithuania, so I'd imagine so.
Can you still buy this watch?
i have a ton of poljet, admiraskie and similar watches from my grandfather/dad. i might geta round to putting up some photos. few of them are in need of serious cleaning as my mom decided to store them in a damp basement for while i was in college.
Not Russian, but along the same lines, here's a . with the spring drive movement.
That watch gives me an engineering boner. The sprigdrive movement is a fantastically clever design, has a titanium case, sapphire crystal, and RATED FOR SPACE. Its a same its only $27,000
Does anyone know if you can buy similar straps? 
Wow, this is beautiful.
This is an awesome watch. Can anyone recommend one like it under $100?
None exists, with watches I've learned that the more expensive ones tend to be better value.
My grandfather brought this back from a trip to Russia in the 40s or 50s.  I don't know much about it, and it hasn't worked for quite some time.  The second wheel and fourth hand with the arrow on it are an alarm. .Can anyone identify it? .Edit:  Holy shit, I just wound it and it actually does work.  Even the alarm.  
I was born in Poland but grew up in the states. Growing up in the 90s, my folks would send me to Poland for the summer..I loved buying old Soviet watches with my pocket money. But, I found that no matter how gentle I was with them, the hands would eventually fall off.
That watch is one of the few watches with the perfect mix of class, sportiness, and pure beauty. Althjough not prices anywhere in the same league, the Omega Speedmaster Professional also has that great mix.
I hate that name. Why can't it be Juri like in my language?
Google .*edit as below.
Was just looking at those and I wish they'd kept the thinner hands -- looks less clunky.
*Gagarin
The one that I want: ...The one I'm going to get (eventually/hopefully): 
redial..lol jk
No. 
I love watches. Looking at your watch is faster than getting your phone out of your pocket, reading the time, and putting it back in.
No, but there is a re-issued 50th anniversary version from a few years ago that you can still find.  I think it uses the same movement as the original.
Cool, I got a Boctok watch myself already. I just love the style the russian watches come in.
Very temporary
Yeah, as far as I know, spring drive watches can't be had under about $2500. Bummer.
Seiko 5, in particular the SNK809. Any Citizen Eco-Drive. Any Timex, including the weekender. DO NOT go for a Fossil or Nixon, or any other "fashion" watch brands. They use the same movement as a $5 Walmart special, but charge 25x more.
Looks like a re-face, but still a cool watch.
I believe you. How can you tell, though? At least it runs well so far, and looks cool.
That Raketa looks original to me.  I am very confident it's not a redial.  The redials I have seen all use the version with the Soviet Quality Rosette since that one sells for a premium.  The most frequently frankened part of the zero is the hands or the crystal, and yours are definitely original..Source: I've owned several... Cyrillic, Latin, w/rosette, w/o rosette, chrome, gilt, etc... 
Alright, thanks. Good to know :)
browsing from . hoping for a serious answer...
Because they look nice and tell time!
Well one, it's fashionable. Two, it's functional.  Three, there are a lot of people who are into watches as a hobby.  See ..
watches as a hobby?.like porky pig?
Its actually a big hobby. . has 23,000 subscribers. You're asking stupid questions on fashion subreddit, have fun with the downvotes because you kinda look like an idiot right now.
Yes, that's what I said..wut.
I have no experience with watches. What should I expect to spend for a sweet watch like this? Also any recommendations?
If you . want a Casio Baby-G you're looking at anywhere between 250-400 for some of the Russian ones on show but this can go up in price the better the watch! Although it's not Russian, my favourite watch at the minute is .. .EDIT: Aaaannd It's pretty good for the price!
Thanks man. Now I just gotta find the 30 dollar knock off version. 
Also interested if you come across anything!
I was so curious about this strap that I made a post that you can check out here: .It seems that a lot of the straps that people are identifying are similar to this one, but I have yet to find something that's near as good.
It would be so badass if you could get some type of custom made remodel of it, but with your own personal touch. Then your son does the same.
I really think it's gorgeous, in it's own way. It's beat up and old, but it's classic looking and the scratches gives it true character and history. Also, the band is pretty interesting..Not sure i'd wear it, because I'm never been all that into Russia, but I did quite enjoy looking at it. Thanks for sharing.
Please tell me if you get more info on this strap! I love it.
You should! After a day or two it feels like a part of your skin, and when you take it off you feel naked. It's such a great feeling, i honestly suggest trying some time
"Trying some time"... Tehe
That came off super douchey looking back on it, my bad!
Don't think it was douchey.. just a good pun
I can confirm, I have excellent taste in puns
this literally made me laugh out loud. .Also, are you sure that's russian?
Didn't see "Russian" but I won't delete it and take the downvoted.
(Feeling very stupid, please downvote me)
That is the most hipster I have seen on one watch
Luckily, they can be had for fairly cheap, at least as far as good mechanicals go. You can always toss it in a drawer, reserve it for certain occasions or sell it if you don't like it. Check out eBay and etsy, though. Should be a lot under $100. 
A Sputnik GChz Christopol: . & . 
 Its second hand is sputnik orbiting earth, that and the uncommon cream colored watch face made me fall in love with it. Owned it for 4 years and I still find it just as beautiful. Can't remember what year it's from but I think they were produced 1957-1962, definitely late 50s to early 60s.
Very nice and unique watch.  Most of my favorite russians come from Christopol 
On phone so not sure about posting link but I've got a stunning rotary skeleton watch, only problem I have with it is the sound of the ticking sometimes does my head in in a quiet room.  
That watch is gorgeous! For anyone else wondering, a quick Google search pulled up a price of $207 ., with other vendors listing it around $275.
I'm a sucker for dive watches; I'd be wearing a . right now if it didn't dominate my girly wrists at over 50mm.  .If I was sporting a pocket watch, I'd pick the .  .And for a more formal occassion, I think I could get away with one of my favorite . watches on a leather band (not digging the band in the pic though).
The Anchar is a Vostok-Europe which is actually a separate brand from Vostok located in a different country..The Slava isn't a pocket watch, it's a very nice split seconds stopwatch.
Most stopwatches still classify as pocket watches (they're not wristwatches); the Slava specifically has a chain attachment, anyway.  .You're right about the vostok, although VE was founded in part by vostok and originally used russian movements.
If you are sporting a pocket watch that doesn't tell the time would you also sport a wristwatch for the time?.V-E was not founded by Vostok... separate company altogether.
I would wear a wrist watch even if I had a pocket watch that told time :)  probably feel naked without one..As far as I know, vostok-koliz was a joint venture by the vostok factory in chistopol and the koliz company of vilnius, lithuania. 
My understanding was that Vostok agreed to let V-E use the name in exchange for a commitment to purchase movements.  I'm just going by what I've seen online... if Vostok was actually a founder of the company I really wouldn't know.  .A while back, V-E stopped using Vostok movements due to supply issues during the Vostok bankruptcy, but I think they are back to offering Vostok automatics on several models.  Like you, my favorite design is the Anchar, but I cannot wear such an outrageously oversized watch.  I might be willing to push it to 43mm for a diver, but the size of the Anchar is a deal breaker.
That could be right. I tried looking into it after your previous comment (my campus job is pretty dead during the summer..) but didn't find any specific or useful information..I always felt about the same, that ~43/44mm was the largest I'd go, but I did recently acquire a seiko ceasar chronograph--the yellow .--that measures just under 46mm. The lugs are extremely short, though, so it actually fits pretty well. A thicker bezel helps it wear smaller, too.  .I think the anchar's lugs would just hang over the edge of my wrist and look ridiculous. Besides, the . are just using seiko movements (non-hacking or handwinding) and a mineral crystal, so the only thing you're paying for is the aesthetic and the tritium.
Im more of a fan of german type of pilot watches (for example - .).
Old pre-owned Poljot watches are actually pretty common and inexpensive in my country (Slovakia - one of the post comunist states).
Ah! My mother-in-law just opening an internet watch shop that gonna feature Shturmanskie watch trademark! Love the hype.
. Love this watch.
God damn that is beautiful, the first watch I've ever really encountered on reddit that I could see myself shelling out a couple hundred for. Do any other watches come to mind that you'd consider to be on the same level as this one?
The colors just don't seem to work in this one; even though I'm usually fond of skeleton watches, the plastic really doesn't have the same effect as metal gears.
As far as I'm concerned it's unique.
I wonder if that's a Russian design. That bluish-green color looks exactly like the color they use for every Russian military cockpit.
Love me some . Especially the middle one.EDIT: Read as "Post your favorite watch" not Russian watch, my bad.
The white dial with blue hands always looks so elegant to me. I love it.
Love everything about them except the price.
Here's a great German homage for a great price:  
As infinis said, it's Chinese. The style is german though, since it's based on the Nomos.    .Ordered a Rodina last week. :)
I know pretty little about watches, what makes it overpriced? Is it a poor movement for that price bracket? Or are the materials/construction subpar? Genuinely curious. 
Thing is, movement quality and complexity has no real value anymore since quartz is more precise. It's complexity for the sake of complexity which i don't really like.
Other then that i'm not ready to pay 1400 EUR for a watches even though i really like them. It makes me sad and i don't like the price because of it.
Gotcha, well had I the cash I'd pay for the aesthetic, but I don't, so it's moot
Its chineese
Nomos is German.  So is the Bauhaus design.
I know, I meant bauhaus design
To be clear, I saw post your favorite and I assumed favorite watch, not favorite russian watch.
You do have good taste.  Those Nomos are beautiful. 
I'm willing to bet you don't wear a watch because you haven't found one that screams "you" quite yet.  There are fashion watches for fashion statements, automatic watches for appreciation of craftsmanship and horology, and solar/kinetic/atomic watches for the science geek in you.  Designs of all sorts in each category.  Try the forums like ..  Buy pre-owned!
Doesn't the leather stink after a while? 
Wash your arm and your watch every now and then.
I recently bought . watch because I saw it in the signature of a forum poster on watchuseek! It's the first watch I've owned since I was a kid and I love it so far.
I can get an atomic watch on my hand?
It's a misnomer - these watches have a radio receiver to pick up the official government time based on an atomic clock. 
Just like a cell phone (lol)
Vostok Europe Dual Time. 
Vostok Europe is Lithuanian and the watches are made in Vilnius, Lithuania.
My favs, driving-inspired: 
wow. thats a good looking watch
looks like a bicycle pump pressure gauge.. 
Or tachometer.
Autodromo aren't Russian, nor Russian influenced styling. I also really hate the styling on the Vallelunga but find their . beautiful.
Well yes, sorry for that, i kinda jumped over after seeing these Bauhaus watches mentioned below.
Haha, no worries bud, just mentioned it in case others were confused.
And my second favorite: A ..
Oh sweet lord I need this, but I can't have it, and that hurts.
 means . in english. :)
Jesus, that's beautiful. Any affordable lookalikes?
Depends what you consider affordable.  It was an homage to a Fortis design.  Fortis actually sued (and prevailed) to force Poljot to stop manufacturing it.  EBay "maktime aviator" for something almost exact, with the same bulletproof Poljot 3133 movement.
50-150 and I'd prefer to have it stay in the double digits. I googled this specific make and 300 bucks is just a bit much on my college life :(
Orient has some relatively-similar aviators for around $150. .. Probably tough to find a decent chronograph in that price range, though. Citizen might have something available if you're okay with quartz.
It is a bit much for a what most spend on a watch, but for a mechanical chronograph, $300 is pretty much as low as you can go.
There are tons of affordable Boctoks out there, just need to find them.
Ebay Germany: 290-350 (320 - 450 USD).I'd LOVE to just have to pay 50 USD.
You are looking for a flieger style watch. The design came around durning WWII as the Luftwaffe needed a watch that clearly displayed the time so it could be read with a split-second glance.
Not quite the same but how about a .?
Search for an aviator watch. 
$50-$150? I get budgets, but you'll rarely get a decent watch at that cost. 
Rarely is the keyword, it's not impossible. I just don't have the money so I'll keep looking until I find the one. And if it takes too long I'm already out of college and I'll be able to spend more :)
yeah roughly $300 on ebay, cool but nope.
Frankly, this is pretty much the cheapest you can go for a mechanical chronograph.
Thats a really cheap watch tbh
Only on MFA will people consider $300 for jeans fine but won't spend that much for a watch.
You have to remember that a lot of MFA is split into people with jobs/careers and students. If I had a limited budget for my outfits, I would definitely put watches in the $30-$40 category.
Did you just call somebody a fashion elitist for . wanting to buy a $300 watch? I doubt voyaging is the guy who buys $300 jeans if he views the watch as too expensive.
Hm. At your height and weight you shouldn't be very skinny. I agree with the others, I've seen weight training work to fix this. 
Agreed, I wouldnt class myself as skinny, just annoyingly proportioned! 
Maybe go for something that covers that area a little more effectively. A button up shirt with a vest keeps you somewhat in the preppy area without being unflattering. Your shoulders will push out the vest over your chest, giving you a fuller figure.
Hey. I don't really have an answer to your question. I just want to say that I used to pigeon-chested, but through hard work I've gotten to the point where it's hardly noticeable. Try to stick to a strict push-up + weightlifting routine. It will really give your confidence a huge boost when you no longer have to hide behind your clothes.
I also have pigeon chest. Not too terirble, but enough to be noticeable. What kind of exercises did you do to get rid of it/minimize it? 
PUSHUPS WITH GOOD FORM! Also bench press (incline, flat, and decline) and cable flys. It may take a few months to years..If you're serious about gaining muscle: . 
Hi guys, thanks for the feedback. Agreed with the exercises, I rowed last year so ended up getting into quite a good gym routine, flys in particular helped the appearence of it under clothes, pulling them off my chest some. The main bit I hate is underneath my right pec where my body gets very thin due to the rib shape, but that aside im fairly muscular so get away with it pretty well. Guess its just back to the gym then! 
I find a lot with t shirts that i can fit my chest but not my shoulders, where my chest isnt very deep its pretty out of preportion to my chest! Sizes to fit my shoulders look silly in the middle unfortunately! Any ideas of brands?
Synthese is a hilarious and very thoughtful poster. I'm pretty sure 75% of anyone who's browsed SF has a crush on him because he has good fits . is pretty entertaining..So cool to see these. At the end of the day it's just nice to see people having a good-natured laugh about fashion (in a way that doesn't tear others down)fashion and style are hobbies, we should be enjoying and gently lampooning our day-to-day internet activities.
Didn't know there was a new one out, thanks! These are easily my favorite threads on StyleForum.
These really are so enjoyable to read. The one about the art heist in the MOMA is my favorite probably, too funny.
 by Synthese - parts ., ., and 
This . is probably my favorite scenario painted by Synthese, ever.
i considered doing something sorta similar when . and i were restarting the style interviews.i was gonna describe as if i was a first person interviewer describing the experience of meeting the interviewee, like walking into their apartment or whatever. decided against it bc i thought people would find it too dick-ridey or weird.
the one about in stitches mimicked or loaned the kingkiller chronicles a bit, I believe. good readz.w1nd's response was pretty great too
these are great. sometimes it seems like fashion gets taken a bit too seriously - cool to add some imagination and fantasy top of the usual stuff.
jdbee, you could tell me to take a terrorist training course in Pakistan and  I'd do it.



I've never tried them, but I'd guess N&F funny guys and APC New Standards are what you're looking for? Wide around thighs and tapered at the bottom.
Weird Guy. 
Strangely enough, American Eagle.
Scotch & Soda Ralstons are nice as well. I kinda have the same problem and they fit me better than Levis 508's.
Levis 508
I second that, Levis 508's will give you that space for your thighs, much like a 505, but has a tapered leg below the knee. It's exactly what you want.
Thanks guys.
Just try them on in-store first. Most people have to size down a ridiculous amount..For reference, I have a 33" waist meaning I'm usually a size 32, although in Levis I usually wear a 33 as a lot of their cuts tend to fit closer to your actual waist. In the 508 I wear a 31. Definitely worth keeping in mind.
I'm a 30 waist with 21 inch thighs, and 513s are great for me. 
What do you do for shorts? I bought a pair that are my perfect waist size but they're too tight around the thighs. Do I just wear them in or try to find some wide ones?
Weirdly, I have the opposite problem. I haven't found a pair I thought were tight enough around the thighs. BR Regular flat front shorts and Old Navy chino shorts, in my experience, have too much in the thighs. What were the ones you thought were too tight?
Just some cheap ones from Primark I bought because of the amazing weather in UK, I just was concerned that most shorts that don't go past the knee are as restricting.
I knew that.. I even googled weird guys for examples. Don't know how funny slipped in.
obligatory

shouldve taken a picture
 maybe?
 might be worth a try, too.
I thought that would have been a little too creepy.  I was going to stop and ask her...but she was too far away.
I had no idea this existed.  Thanks!
I ended up with size S.
I'm assuming your talking about GANT rugger stuff?  If so it sounds like small would work best and would be what I would try.
I would also go for Small I guess, but it's just that that it's a thight model. And it's a lot of money to spend on something you aren't 100% sure it will fit.
did they provide model measurements?
What do you mean exactly? :)
did they tell you what the person wearing their clothes measurements were?
Oh, there isn't a model, just the product.
ok I would risk it and go small, but thats just me, its really your choice.
Thanks for your advice, I will ponder on it a bit.
Isn't it odd that they don't got height measurement?
Do you want it to literally be the same measurement as your chest? Personally I'd like a little bit of room and would go with a M. .What size do you normally wear?
I usually wear Small, I'm quite atlethic so it usually fits me quite well.
But it's just that it's a tight model and it makes me a bit uncertain. I also like that it's roomy, but just a bit, it can't be too tight if you know what I mean.
If that's what you think then S would be better suited. I think it would be a bit tight though.
Hmm, but it seems M would be too roomy because of the size of the chest?
Yeah perhaps. Does it list shoulders?
Nope, it doesn't.
Alright so Small will fit in the chest, and probably be a bit tight in the waist and butt, and vice versa for Medium. If you're going for a tight fit then S is probably a better bet.
Yeah, probably, thanks for your advice.
I guess those two are almost the same ones:.The model in Link 2 is 185 cm long and uses M, I'm 178 cm long.
To get a basic understanding of what you need to do, your best bet is to take a look at the sidebar of this subreddit.
Start with the Getting Started section and then work your way through all the topics there..
If you have any more specific questions when you're done with that then go ahead and make another post about them.
Thanks im on my phone ill do that when i get near a computer
There's no one "mfa style" - think of the information here as a set of tools and foundational knowledge to train you how to evaluate dress and to put together outfits that reflect you, your situation/environment and look good..Please have a read of the contents in the sidebar especially the articles under .. Guides such as . answer your question..Be aware that at 16 you'll still be growing so budget accordingly understanding that what fits you now may not in a few years..Also don't conflate dressing up with dressing well. If nobody wears leather dress shoes or blazers to your school then you'll probably stick out negatively for doing so.
Thanks for that advice but i didnt mean dress shoes i was thinking more along the lines of sparrys dont know if correct spelling 
its Sperrys, and I think he was just telling you, because A LOT of beginners make that mistake, if your wearing sperrys go for the Authentic Originals, if your wearing sperrys your basically going to wear preppy stuff, things like OCBD's, Chino shorts, polos.
How do y'all feel about these shirts?: . .They were the only ones I could find in my size.
Extra slim small. I'm about 6'2" 160 lbs and that fits me great, best otr shirt I've found yet. Only thing is sleeves are about 1/2" short.
your 4 inches taller and 30 pounds lighter than me and the extra slim fit shirts in medium fit a touch lose on me, either go with a regular small and tailor or go with an extra slim small and see if that fits you.
Thanks guys, most of the extra slim shirts don't have smalls so I guess I'll have to go into one of their stores.
How's the neck? .Reason why I ask: 
I'm 6ft 160, 16 neck, 34 sleeves, 37 chest... The ESF Sizing Guide on BB.com says that will get me a 14-14.5 neck, 32.5 sleeves, and it's targeted at 34-36 chests...
But the Medium sport shirt ESF is a 38-40 chest, so I'm pretty sure it'll be too large. I wear a BR Small Tailored Slim fit. .I guess I might just need to move into the BB "Dress shirts" and order ESF instead of sport shirts. 
The small extra slim does have about a 14.5" neck.  That is my neck size and it fits me snugly.  I also measure about a 37 chest and the small fits perfect there, the medium was too big in the shoulders and chest for me.
Dang, that's a small neck. Guess I'll stick to their dress shirts then, dang. Thanks. 
Sorry to piggyback, but I'm 5'10" 180, so you think the esf medium would fit me well? Or esf 16/34?
It should fit you pretty well, might be a touch loose depending on how you like your fit.
extra slim + tailor. trust me.
I have a suit and a few shirts from Black Lapel and will be using them again. I had one shirt altered a little bit after I received it, and they provided a credit for that. The suit fits me flawlessly. It's my go to when I have an important meeting or something I want to look my best for.
Suit Supply if you have an available store nearby, but ordering from Black Lapel for MTM and getting your measurements from a tailor (which is all credited from Black Lapel) would ensure the perfect fit. They also give you $75 dollar credit for any after tailoring if need be. I'd personally go with Black Lapel since my body is not to normal ratios, but if Suit Supply is available I'd go there. 
If you have a Suitsupply nearby, absolutely go there first. The quality will be better than the other two options, and you can try things on before you buy..I'd also check out Nordstrom. They're having their anniversary sale, and there are a lot of good options. It opens to the public on Friday, but if you have family or a friend with a Nordstrom card, you can shop early. Just avoid BOSS black (fused construction)..Personally, I'd  go with something a little more classic (unless you want to look outdated if/when skinny lapels go out of fashion).
I'm not sold on the idea of any cut of suit being truly timeless.  PutThisOn just posted this last week - apparently in the 80s this was thought to be a timeless cut that would never go out of style.
I was specifically thinking about the lapels. Super skinny lapels and ties are trendy right now, just like super wide lapels were trendy in the 80s. 
I checked out a Suit Supply yesterday and Indochino today. While the consensus is that Suit Supply's quality is better, I couldn't tell the difference, but I'm far from an expert. The service at each was really great. I think the main complaint against Indochino is that their fits can be off, but I was measured and then reviewed by another tailor there, and honestly the beginning jacket wasn't bad -- I was specifically worried about low armholes, and the base size was pretty good. They said they could raise the armholes further in the finished product, so I'm anxious to see what happens..I think with any made to measure store, the burden is more on you to communicate well. If you don't give them good information you can definitely wind up with a worse result than something off the rack. This should be part of your decision -- how much do you know about what you want? If you're uncertain, Suit Supply might be better. The impression of the suit I got from Indochino was better than from Suit Supply, but I can't yet say how they'll deliver on that.
Go with suit supply
SuitSupply is your best choice. If you're near a location, visit the store as there is nothing better than seeing the suit your buying in person. 
Suit Supply has the better quality of the three.  With Indochino's price increase, I wouldn't go there.  While my Indochino suit is decent, I bought it during a sale -- $279 for suit, shirt, and tie..Suit Supply also has B&M locations so you can go try something that fits relatively well OTR and just have it tailored.  That's the way to go, otherwise MTM through Black Lapel.
Check out their store in Georgetown.
I agree here. If you can get to SuitSupply then go. You get a lot of suit for your dollar, and the customer service is great. I own a grey Napoli bought from the Atlanta store. If you have any questions about them let me know. 
[deleted]
I'm in Denver. I can do Tuesday, Wednesdays and Thursdays freely if it works for anyone much. .Please, let's not co-op with anything involving r/denver. I love my town, I love the people, but I really have not been to more tragic a scene. 
Can do but only in the evenings
[deleted]
Even if its only 2 people. 2 is better than 1 for critique and advice. I'm pretty busy this week and this weekend (new job, friends bday) but weekend after I'm totally down. 
2 people can get the ball rolling. 
Lets get the ball rolling then.
I am! Although I'm a Denver native so I'm in Denver for the summer :)
[deleted]
Sweet!! Lets do it. Weekends work easiest for me but can do weekdays in the evenings. 
I live in downtown Denver, however I am a woman! Not sure if that disqualifies me, but I love fashion.
A womans opinion could be the greatest asset in this master plan. 
Why don't you all come to Tokyo? (:
Been there. LOVE IT!!! Want to get back as soon as I have some vacation saved up. 
It's a pleasure being here. I've been to so many different places and done so many things. I dress up and go to shinjuku for drag shows or shopping. Sometimes I just travel an hour and a half for coffee. 
I'd be down for grabbing some beers and food. Talk clothes, maybe hit up some stores..I'm in Boulder, working in Denver tho. 
Im in englewood working in commerce city. Lets definitely make a plan to do this.  
$100 isn't going to get you a tailored suit. Now I'm no expert on weddings as the last time I went to one I was 12 or something but I can at least tell you that the all black with a white tie isn't going to work..Your best bet is probably an off the rack suit and get it fitted but that is still probably over $100 if you need to have a lot taken in. And do you need shoes as well?
I think you're best off with a charcoal grey suit. It's the most versatile color and it will work with both your shoes. A lot of ppl will rage at black shoes with a navy suit and even brown can be iffy depending on the shade of your shoes. .And as others have said, $100 just won't cut it. In my area, the cheapest new suit will be $100 but it will be cut poorly and use low quality materials. And to tailor a suit it'll probably be another $60+. Rather than spending a small amount on a bad suit that you're going to hate later, I'd really advise spending a bit more on one that you will use going forward. 
No black shirt with white tie - that's a pretty unpleasant combination and very reminiscent of what waiters wear..Go instead for a white shirt with a dark non-black tie..If the event is during the daytime and you can avoid black for the trousers/jacket/suit please do so - black is a stark, grim, funereal colour that is hardly appropriate for the festivities of a wedding. Navy or charcoal grey are much preferred. For an evening event black is fine though..You'll probably struggle to find a suit for under 100 let alone get anything else. Certainly nothing tailored. Do you have shoes already?.Might be worth starting early to visit thrift shops to find stuff cheap.
Okay so black shirt/white tie is out, I really enjoy the idea of a navy or charcoal grey shirt but which tie would work well with either shirt? I do have shoes. Two loafers, one black and one brown. 
Dark shirts are pretty much not designed to be worn with a tie - it will come off as tacky in most instances. A good rule of thumb is to keep your tie darker than your shirt. The idea is for the shirt to be a background, framed by a jacket, to allow the tie to define itself on top of. A dark shirt only allows for combining with dark ties in which case you end up with a muddied mess of bleak nothingness, or light ties in which case you have an oppressive sea of darkness out of which comes a random bright streak of colour. It doesn't work in a cohesive manner. Avoid highly saturated or strongly coloured shirts too.
Given your budget and especially your age, you may be able to get away without wearing a suit.  A dress shirt and tie coupled with dress slacks should suffice -- "should" being the operative word.  Normally I wouldn't advise skipping a suit for a wedding, but I've seen weddings where the kids/teens don't have suits.  People take off the jacket at the reception anyway.
Listen to Syeknom for all aesthetic advice, in terms of purchases, read as much as you can about fit on a suit and shirt and go thrifting. That's the only way I can see you getting a shirt, tie, and suit for $100. H&M is probably the cheapest place to get suits and their cuts are actually decent on skinny dudes, you could possibly get by without tailoring but even on sale it's probably going to be just over $100. .I think loafers with a suit can be pulled off but if you're brand new to fashion I don't think it's the best route, I'd try and thrift some brown oxford cap toes in your size. 
How do I wear . Got them for around $8 at a thrift shop, and have been with me for a while, but I can't seem to match them with anything I like. They're black, though the picture may not show it.
Should I expect a uniqlo restock any time soon/ a new line of casual and dress pants? They are the only way for me to get inexpensive pants in 31x34 and their selection in that size is currently a bit lacking. Thanks.
I've never really had luck with Levi's. I'm looking for some that are slim but not skinny. I don't want the skinniness to be the focal point but rather how cool and casually they fit. Anyone have any suggestions?
ID for this .?
Recommendations for a place that sells (preferably under $50) chambray shirts with button-down collars? The only one I've found is one of target's lines.
Does anyone know how the PF Flyers Bob Cousy fits? TTS?
Where can a Canadian find the slim Rigid Levi's Trucker Jacket?
[deleted]
I'm new here. I'm also new to fashion. I have no idea what I'm doing. . is the worst picture of myself I could make. Posted it to the rate me thread as a starting point. .My new best friend and I got up to ...I'm not entirely sure whether or not the second look works. If it does, do I buy more? What colors? Are there rules to these things? The sidebar intimidates me. .If it doesn't... then I'm very lost indeed. 
Why isn't there a rule concerning multiple cuff buttons? I have two and it feels weird to have one showing.  .How come every other function or article of clothing has a rule that you can only break if you're put together like a sumbitch, but with these cuff buttons the rule is dictated purely by wrist size, there has to be some dumb rule that I'm breaking or keeping up with unwittingly, why? It's frustrating, someone make something up so I know what to do. 
Where can I find non-button-down collar shirt like .? Pretty simple I'd think but I'm having trouble finding something with the same striping that isn't either seersucker (puckered). .Under 100 would be preferable. Way under would be extra preferable. You giving it to me for free would be the preferable-est.
I recently bought a pair of boat shoes (or loafers?) similar to . and I've never owned a pair, so I want to ask a few questions about this kind of shoe. .First, are they supposed to be worn without, or with socks? Or can you go both ways depending on the occasion and weather?.Secondly, When I'm wearing them without socks and I get down on a knee to tie one of the shoes, my heel comes out of the back shoe. Similarly, when I'm walking around, my heel comes off of the sole. Its not fully out of the back, but its similar to the way a flip flop isn't as tight to a foot as a sneaker when walking. Is that normal? They're comfortable to wear, and I'm not tripping as I walk in them with my feet coming out, but I want to make sure they're fitting right..Thanks in advance!
Looking for a good rain jacket. Nothing too heavy or anything. Was thinking olive, navy blue or maybe black with some sort of brown on it? Something on the cheaper side too. For context i live in FL
Are there any shoes out there that look similar to the CP Achilles in white that don't break the bank? Basically a lowtop white sneaker with a gum sole. I remember a few years ago there was a limited edition vans colorway that looked really similar, but I was too late to the party.
I know it's not really a commonly mentioned brand on MFA, but anyone know anything about Nicholas K? Or maybe just . in particular?.Bought it on mindthechap sale for ~$170. Having seconds thoughts about it.
I am looking for a simple shoe with a crepe sole, something similar to the Common Projects shine derby.  What else is out there?
Going to a wedding in a few weeks, wearing a navy suit with dark brown shoes, belt and tie, with a white shirt and tie clip. Is a pocket square a good idea with this or too much? If so, should it just be white? .Also, other tie and shirt ideas to go with a navy suit?  
Chuck Taylors (.) with longer socks? When I see it on other people I think it looks stupid but could it work? If so, what sorts of socks?.I wear black Chuck Taylors and ankle-length socks
What are some fits like this?.It's pretty much exactly what I'm looking for, simple for the Fall
I bought some white 514s a few days ago. How do you prevent the pockets from showing? I tried searching around but wasn't able to come up with a definitive answer..Also: I really like the cologne Burberry London. I'm willing to purchase it later after I can get my finances in order, but saving money's always nice. Is there a similar scent? And the Burberry is probably a fall/winter scent, no?
Where can I find light wash jeans that don't look like mom jeans? Something similar to . or 
I just ordered a beard trimmer and I want to try a three day beard. 
Why do I find nothing when I use the search for "three day beard" ?
Please point me to some information regarding three day beards, MFA.
Navy peacoat for the winter under 300?
Is it acceptable to wear boat shoes, blucher/camp mocs, loafers etc. with jeans? Seems like a really stupid question but I rarely see fits with jeans and these shoes. It seems they're more commonly worn with chinos, shorts, cropped, cargos. Is there a reason for this?
I plan on wearing a navy suit with a plum gingham shirt to a wedding. I'm having a hard time deciding what color/pattern tie to wear with it. Suggestions?
First time in here and not subscribed to the subreddit yet. Apparently bow ties are coming back in style and I want to try it out. Does anyone know where I could pick up a nice shirt and a tie (example: Dillards, Macy's, etc.)? And what should I wear for pants? Blue jeans? I want the more casual look, not slacks..Thanks in advance!
Can anyone identify . from "Orange is the New Black?"
Alternatives to vans in the price range of $50-400?
Now that TOJ is on hiatus whats the next best option for a leather jacket. Considering Schott right now.
What do you think is a good outfit to wear for a casual date at a bar?
I wanted the . but they were a lot darker in person and not as close to white as i wanted. However are the . the same color or are they actually lighter in color/closer to white?
I won't have the money for a ToJ anytime soon, but I really would like a leather jacket in the future. I know they're stopping production, so what brands would anyone recommend as a replacement? I like very clean ones, I was going to get an MDR, if that helps. Thanks!
I am being made to get some running shoes. Any around $60 that look dope/are relatively versatile?  
Where can I get uniqlo x small OCBDs in blue and white if they are sold out online
Should I buy one of these? . 
Are Levi Dockers Chinos considered good?
Thoughts on this backpack? 
Are there any chinos in the $80-ish price range better than Unbranded's 107s?
I have navy pants. I want to wear them with brown Stafford wingtips. What do i do about socks? I don't have navy socks. I have gray and black. Should i go gray? No show? Or must I buy navy socks?
As someone who dresses a blend of preppy and business casual, I encountered a dilema this morning as I started think ahead to F/W 2013. What do I wear for shoes? I know boots are heavily recommended, but I don't feel like they go with the preppy look.
What are some boots that are appropriate for canadian winter? Also not very expensive (<200)
Thinking of buying some used our legacy button ups on eBay . Is 20$ a good price ?
How is the quality of the Jcrew OCBD?
Roshes are on sale at UO and can come at the price. Also, its more of a retro look but I'm a big fan of New Balance's classic line. I'd recommend the 574 in grey for something versatile. I'm assuming you're looking for more of a fashion running shoe? 
Right on the fashion.
Try 

Yeah in the same price range schott is the go
Old school basketball socks with the stripes. . does it well on page 3.
 (once they're back in season)
I'd spend a little bit more on ..
Yeah I thought so ha 
No-brainer, considering that they retail for $150+
Firstly, If the shoes you bought look similar to the ones in the picture, I would return them immeadietly and get Sperry A/O instead. .Boat shoes are usually worn without socks, however I could see socks being appropriate if it was raining (although I would opt for something else if it was raining) .It sounds like your shoes might too big. Shoes should fit snug. Rule of thumb is that you shouldn't be able to slip more than 1 finger inbetween the space of your heel and the back of the shoe when your toes are touching the front. 
I appreciate the suggestion, but unfortunately Sperry's are way out of my current budget..Point well taken about socks/rain.About the size issue: Thats the thing, its almost like I need an 8.75 or something. The shoes pass your rule of thumb test, so I guess thats the best I can do. Thanks for the tip!
Gray is fine but navy socks are pretty much the most versatile out there.
It's perfectly fine. I'd guess that given their preppyish lineage, the "default" fit pairs them with chinos instead of jeans. 
Simple white would be fine.
store or wait for restock or mfa/fmf bst
stan smiths are the usual CP replacement
What do you mean by preventing the pockets from showing?

Also red wing beckmans from nordstrom sale 
Sorel, Bean Boots, Katahdin's on sale, Thorogood. Not sure how much is available in Canada though.
If I wear a size 12 in vans, what size am I in L.L. Bean?

Bow ties aren't coming back into style. Jcrew's button down shirts are nice and I'm a big advocate of thifting ties. Whats the occasion to be wearing everything?
Maybe it's just cause there's coffee shops near me and all the baristas and people who go wear them too. I think it looks nice..I kind of dress nonchalantly and think I want a change. What type of pants do you think I should wear with a button down?.Thanks for the reply!

Never heard of the brand but I follow the rule that if I am having seconds thoughts I will return it, because I know down the road it'll get to a point where I never wear it and it just sits in my closet.

Jeans and a t-shirt is completely fine. You could go as far as jeans and an OCBD, but I probably wouldn't go much further.
Schott
depends on how much you want to pay.saint laurent does some good leathers too but obviously highly expensive.same goes for rick
It's pretty good. Maybe I can compare it to something you have experience with?

Not the same, but Penfield has simiiar offerings.
BB Milano.
Are you asking where to find similar pictures or how to construct that outfit.

Pics of the specific shades would be handy. Without seeing them, a lighter tie seems like it would clash horrendously, but based on the colors you still want something more casual, so I'd go with a black knit.
Shave. Wait three days.
Keep an eye out at local secondhand stores too. I got a Spiewak one that fits me perfectly for 40 bucks that way.
I purchased these same pants and returned them for this very reason. Instead I bought . and these .. I bought both of these on sale and the pockets do not show. Highly recommend them if you're looking for a whiteish pair of pants for the summer. 

Thanks for the info! I'm a size 10-10.5 for most other shoes, and when I was at the store I ended up trying smaller sizes to find a pair that would fit better. I ended up buying the size 9, and they didn't have an 8.5 in stock. I guess that because they feels sufficiently tight in the front-foot area I'm not convinced that I can or should get a smaller size. Is it possible they might just not work for me?
solid, not worth retail.

Penfield or LLBean anorak, or Patagonia Torrentshell.

Red Wing Postman, Dr Martens has something as well (not sure if crepe sole) but I don't remember the name. 
Similar color. Someone else might chime in, but as far as I know, the only difference between the two is the Jcrew has a different color foxing, and different laces.

Bean boots are prep, no?

A pocket square would be excellent.  Given that you're wearing a pretty conservative outfit a white pocket square would be just fine.  Anything more daring and we'd need specifics on the rest of the outfit.  
 had something similar last year but i cant think of many that have a crepe sole, is that the main factor? 
I prefer the white watchface but to each his own.
Jack Purcell, Stan Smiths, Common Projects, Wings and Horns low top? Look for used/sales for the last two.

b/s/t threads. forum marketplaces..They should restock fairly soon i would think.
Yes, really good price.
Maybe Nike Roshes or Frees?
i think maybe camp mocs can work with jeans, but the reason at least i dont like boat shoes with jeans is that boat shoes are more of a prep item while jeans are more workwear. kind of a clash of styles.

[deleted]


 comes in a ton of their fits.

Are baseball/raglan shirts in? I was thinking of getting one, but I'm not sure.
Yes
I like them. American Apparel and Alternative Apparel both make good ones. UO still has an Alt App on sale for $15.
I wouldn't call them in or out but you can certainly wear them and look good.
I'm looking to get a belt to match both my walnut Strands and my .. I'd like to get something versatile - from shorts/jeans to a suit (in less formal occasions)..Would a 1-1/4in (or maybe 1in ?) . with a brass buckle work with a suit?.The . is also on sale at Nordstrom, but I'm worried this is too fancy for casual outfits.
where are you seeing the sale prices for Nordstroms? I want the Manistee but it is not on the Nordstrom site..Link?

[deleted]

Tailoring question - slimming shorts. What's the best method? Inseam or outseam? Anyone have a guide/video link?.Has anyone heard of the brand Paul Fredrick?
I've never sewn but my tailor and my friend who sews always do the outseam. 
Paul Fredrick has these terribly obnoxious 1-2 minute commercials detailing the "Paul Fredrick Shirt" and all its customizations. Seems very AAAC, but like the Sears of the trad-MTM world. .Better written: Charles Trywhitt: Nordstrom as Paul Fredrick: Sears. I could be wrong, and looking at SF, some people have good experiences, but very mized reviews.

Outseam, or out seam and inseam if you are slimming them down by a lot.
Navy sneakers with . jeans: can they go together?.+2 if you can dig up a great fit pic with both in it.
i dont think so, it would be kind of overwhelming to have your pants more or less matching your shoes
What color denim are we talking about? If we're talking about grey or light wash blue I don't think it's an issue. Indigo and navy are probably too close, though.

 Navy OTW alomars + dark indigo N&F 10oz.  .Bonus mid indigo henley for maximum lack of contrast.
How's the Pointer Brand Chore Coat?
its pretty good as a fall jacket, if you want more info search 
Good. Runs large, size down

Where's a good place to buy cheap no-show (loafer) socks online. Also, any recommendations on cheap scoop neck tees. Trying to experiment a little

Uniqlo has no-show socks in tons of colors, plus they have a grip in the back to help keep them on your heel. I think they're 3 for 10.
Cheapest no-shows I know of are from ..

best place to find used eg stuff? 
eBay/SF BST
thats what i was thinking thanks
I'm thinking of getting the Levi's slim fit denim jacket in Rigid but the photos online make it look black. Is it more dark indigo or actually black?
It's definitely a dark indigo
Are you talking about .? I own one and it's definitely indigo, although I don't think it looks black at all in its pictures.
My eyes have deceived me. Thanks for confirming. 
Where can I find chinos with <7" leg openings? Price range ~$100..Also, slim shorts?
Tapering pant legs is one of the easiest and cheapest things you can ask a tailor to do.
That's a very small leg opening for chinos
Have you tried the J.Crew 484's? Those are pretty skin tight, and if you have a small waist size, the leg opening should be around what you are looking for, if not slimmer.
unis gio skinnies, depending on the size..Topman skinny chinos.
Leg opening is also dependent on waist size. My dockers' alphas have a 6.75" leg opening, but they're 29s.  .How slim on the shorts? For something almost skin tight, levi's commuters or pretty much anything at UO. More classic fit but still slimmer, either bonobos b's knees or jcrew stanfords.
Ah, good point. Yeah, I'm also a 29 waist. Thank you!
These . chinos are really slim i'd say they fit like Levi's 510s if you are familiar with them. You can generally find them on sale for under $100. .Actually . are $48 right now if you are a 32, 34 or 36. 
Should I match my shirt and socks (I wear colorful nike socks) to the color of my basketball sneaker? (i have many pairs)
No, you need some contrast in an outfit. If everything is the same color, it looks really tryhard or middle school worthy.
Does someone have a link to whatever current yesstyle picture there is? Trying to save the new one.
ask /fa/ to post it
we havent had any decent yesstyle threads in a while, next time i see it ill put it up on here
HI MFA,.Relative noob around these parts. I'm trying to diversify my selection of button-ups. I'm 22, tall (6'5"), slim (around 185 lbs), and bald, live near Chicago so right now our summers are blazing hot, and realized I have no idea how people my age are supposed to dress..I've looked through J.Crew and Land's End stores and found patterns I like, but can't make up my mind. Land's End is having a sale right now so I'm leaning towards that. though J.Crew has things Land's End doesn't. I'm wondering if they would pair well with my Levi 511's, Dockers in Dark Pebble, Gap canvas pants in mint green, and Gap khaki shorts. Of the following, which are the best to get? Sizes are in Medium Tall..J.Crew: ., .Land's End: . (I'm considering either of the blue shades of that shirt), ., ., ., ..
I'm new too, and I haven't explored JCrew's or Land's End's shirts yet, but . linen cotton ones from banana republic are really nice. And I'm 24, 6'5, and 180#. .The linen cotton is amazing in the hot summer and nearly feels like you're not wearing a shirt. I went with the medium tall for a couple, which is a little long for my taste but good if you're tucking in the shirt, or just a medium which seems perfect for not tucking. .Just noticed after writing this that they aren't in stock in Medium anymore online. But maybe you can try in store?.edit: they are a little big in the waist, I've been wanting to try out tailoring but I am deterred by the idea of finding a tailor.
It's only the green one that's not in stock, and with my luck there aren't any in stores either. :(.Are the other colors any good?
They would all look fine, pick whichever ones you like the most. If you get a blue chambray, get the darker blue.

Note that Lands End is likely to be not nearly slim enough for you. Check out Brooks Bros. clearance section for extra-slim fit shirts as well.
Thanks for the recommendation. How about the J.Crew one's, I don't know if I should get the Slim or the Tall. Have you had any experience with either of those?
Unfortunately not.
That red oxford from J.Crew is very saturated. I like the chambray from Land's end (in red or in the lighter blue, as that would go better with darker jeans). But, as . said, Land's end is cut generously.
Will leather boots with a rubber sole (sebago beacon boot) be feasible to wear in the winter? 
Depends on your local version of winter, but likely yes.
yes
It's a pretty thin boot, I have something similar from LL Bean and I don't plan on wearing them past Autumn (until spring, I mean). Imagine chukka blucher mocs. 
Chicago, so you can imagine. I'm thinking of supplementing them with a pair of LL beans as well
If you're looking at Bean Boots also look at Sorel.  When I was in Alaska for 3 weeks in December everyone was wearing Sorel and I bought myself a pair for sledding.  Warm as fuck and they look much nicer than Bean boots and their hideous sole.
The Sebagos don't strike me as particularly tough but they should be serviceable if not particularly warm.

Kind of a long shot, but can anybody recommend me some stores in Mexico City? I'll be there for a few days in August..I know of Zara, H&M, American Apparel, Brooks Bros., and a few other I've never been to, like Bershka. I also found a boutique through Google that carries Red Wing, Common Projects, and some other stuff, but I don't know about their prices yet..I'm not looking for high-end stuff, though, like some of the stores in Polanco.
I have been looking for a decent pair of derby's and found .But then doing a little research I might not be paying enough to get a decent long lasting shoe. Any opinions on why this is/is not the case? If so, any better suggestions?.Edit: formatting
cheap leather, poor construction. Spend a little bit more ($60) and get florsheims or something at nordstrom rack.
Something like .They are like the only ones they have in a 13 wide under $200

Could a V-neck sweatshirt + a casual shirt possibly be considered "too formal" for daily use in an Upper Secondary school? 
depends on your classmates, really, but probably just about anything beyond tee and jeans could be considered "too formal" by someone
What's your personal opinion? Could it be interpreted as pretentious? 
i personally wouldn't think so but reddit has taught me to never misunderestimate people's abilities to take umbrage at something simple like somoene wearing a v neck.
Can anyone help me choose a shirt for these shorts? Can't seem to find anything that really fits them.
I think a white or a grey tee would look better. 
Woah dude. I have that exact same shirt. 

I'm looking for a low-profile black boot for this winter. I really like the one that . wears, which is pretty similar to a . boot. Can anyone suggest similar boots at any price lower than $300? Would this type of boot hold up at all in winter / be warm enough?
for winter weather (ie snow, rain, ice), id recommend bean boots, they're about as good as you can get for the price. for just winter boots, check out red wing iron rangers or beckmans, they're pretty popular. also look at the boot guide on the sidebar.
They'll probably be warm enough but what you've posted is a dress boot, which can be worn during the winter but certainly isn't a "winter weather" boot, meaning don't wear them in rain/snow/etc. .If you're looking for a black dress boot, the AE Fifth Street comes down to $250 during sales on their website. If you're interested in a Chelsea Boot (another dressy option), this option from . looks to be pretty damn good for the price, though I don't know anyone on here who has them. 


I would like a pair of canvas sneakers to be a secondary pair so that I do not wear out my white leather sneakers as quickly..Which color do you guys think would be best for such sneakers for being worn with denim and chinos?.At this point I feel it is between navy and grey.
Grey or Gray
I'd say white again, but gray could be good. Navy might be too close in shade to jeans.
white
Grey 574 or 420. If not, . Authentics, but with leather laces. Or white authentics, if you are okay with the idea of white canvas.
I have some white . (these are not the white leather sneakers I was referring to in my first post) that the new balance shoes remind me of. .How do you feel about them?
Not those, those are creepyuncle level. . or ..
I just bought a pair of all vans all white authentics 
Where to find good quality white socks? Maybe with cool colorways like red + blue stripe or colored toe/heels..I want to make a dip dye shirt that has a gradient: any tips for me?.Scoop necks like . with ~ 1/3 the pricetag? Great shirt but $90 is too much for something I want to experiment with.Thank you in advance
Asos scoops were garbage for me. I bought two and they shrunk a lot..Just got h&m ones that seem much better, ten bucks. Also check out everlasting as they just started carrying them. 
 (about the same color, too)
What do you guys think of the .? I've found one for $75 online, any opinions or experiences welcome!
Its a good price. I'd cop.
Definitely cool.
1) How much should I expect it to cost to slim down two linen button downs and a denim workshirt (just the torso and maybe the sleeve, but not shortening it)? Would anyone in the Washington DC area want to recommend a fairly priced/economical tailor?.2) Anyone want to comment on the versatility of .? I live a minimalist lifestyle and need a pair of the most versatile casual leather non-sneakers possible. They seem like an excellent choice given LL Beans reputation for durability, combined with these actions shots I found of them working with . and even .. 
Some normal bluchers (open toed leather shoes) would be more versatile than blucher mocs.
Could you link me to an example of what you mean?
Mocs are very casual. 
Could they at least pass as business casual like the example pic I added? I'm not expecting to use them as dress shoes by any means.
I own the blucher mocs and wear them frequently with shorts because Texas summer heat kills people. But honestly, they get beat up looking pretty quickly (which is good in most cases) but looks p bad with formal wear. Plus the laces and metal eyelets is inherently informal. .A penny or full strap loafer would better fill the spot you're filling
I'm really not looking for dress shoes (I have gorgeous 40 year old wingtips) but more a casual shoe that's not a sneaker that can be mixed between completely casual and business casual. So in that case the bluchers are still viable?

i have a guy who takes in shirts+ slims sleeves for $10. more than $15 isn't worth it. The denim workshirt might cost more than the linens though 
Thanks. I figured the material might make some sort of difference.
I have a pair of (Eastland Falmouth)[. (which I think look similar to the ll bean mocs) that I use almost everywhere nowadays. I don't have a dress code at work, so I use these shoes on Jeans and a Polo on most days. They seem to look good on shorts too, so I love them so far. .I think the LL Bean shoes you linked to will be pretty versatile too. .Note: I'm a noob here. 

I have 8 pairs of shoes and I wear . almost every other day (though they're quite a bit darker now). Blucher mocs are really versatile.
Those look great as well! Is that a variant of the bluchers or something else entirely?
They are Rancourt & Co.'s ".", which are also bluchers but with some styling variations and natural chromexcel leather.  .Blucher simply refers to the lacing style, as seen 
Is there any kind of shoe similar to that style that's cheaper? Because I love the look of those. 
For quality:cost ratio your best bet is the ll bean jackman or the bean bluchers OP is asking about.
So disappointed to see those Rancourts are way out of my college student budget, and thanks for the explanation on exactly what blucher means (I had no idea)
Nike Roshe Run in . or 
black
red
Is it me or the Docker Alpha Khakis too thick? They almost feel like jeans and they are not something I'd wear during the summer.. Any other good Chinos that are lighter?
Yeah alphas are kind of heavy for the summer. You can try some lightweight cotton/linen blends. I'm pretty sure uniqlo and jcrew have a couple different options. 
I mean the solgan is "where jeans and kahkis meet" or something like that
Hahaha true.. I just thought it'd be something less "jean-y"
All I can find are very "relaxed" and lounge type pants.. I am wearing crappy Old Navy Slim Chinos because they are rather lightweight :o
They are definitely much stiffer, not as sure if they are actually thicker. Virtually any other chino will feel lighter, hominid, gap lived in chimps, jcrew...
Then what other chinos are in the same/similar cut without being so  stiff?
whoa, autocorrect like crazy...
J crew urban slim fit chinos, gap lived in chinos, bonobos

Am I doing double denim right?
yes
the only real thing you have to watch for is the color similarity of the denims. Light denim + dark denim is still cool imo
I thought light on top and dark on bottom looked a bit odd but I like it now.
I'm looking for an everyday walking shoe, which can be worn to work with chinos and an OCBD (business casual). .Tricky part - I'd like something with ventilation, specifically more airflow than solid leather..Price point isn't a big deal but I'd prefer under $200..Any ideas/suggestions?
Need some help with sizing for Red Wing 6" Moc Toe boots, gonna pick em up on Nordstrom sale..I wear 10 in Janoski's, 10 in Vans, 9 in Sperry's, and 9 in Clarks Wallabees. I'm thinking 9.5 cause I'll be wearing thick wool socks with them. Or will 9 be fine?
One full size down from your brannock/most common shoe size. You should still have room for socks
My red wings are 9D (iron rangers), and my vans are 9.5 (era CL). My 9s still fit with padded wool socks, but the toe box on the IR is especially roomy and I can't say whether your moc toes will be the same.  .I'd say 9.5, though.
I asked this last week.  I'm 10 on a Braddock Scale (Vans), 9 in CDB's and 9.5 in AE Strands/Parks.  .Based upon the input from this sub, I ordered a 9 and a 9.5 in the Red Wing.  I'll send one back depending on fit.  From what I am told, the sizing is pretty similar to clarks, with a possible exception if you have wider feet.   
I have average width feet. If my well broken-in Wallabees (9's) are kinda tight with thick socks, should I go half a size up? From the sound of it, I'm leaning towards 9's in RW but I wanna be sure.
Just to elaborate, Clarks fit around a full size large (I'm a 12, wear an 11 in Clarks)
I'm a 10D in Iron Rangers, would I also be a 10 in the 6" Moc Toes from the Nordstrom sale? I remember trying them on when I first bought my Rangers but can't recall the fit.
yes, a ten should fit you fine.
I would instinctively say yes but . says that iron rangers fit 1/2 a size larger than the mocs
[deleted]
penny loafers
[deleted]
 is the penny loafer guide, it should give you some idea of what might work for you.
Possibly going to a Gatsby party in a few weeks. Any ideas? I think I will be thrifting most items since I don't have any items that have any resemblance to those from the roaring 20's..Kinda want to try .. I actually do have a pair of off-white/cream dressy chinos that could work as pants but it'd be pretty difficult to find the right jacket to pair it with.
If you don't have a white suit on hand it'd be pretty hard to find a blazer that's the same color/style of fit. I'd probably just get a navy blazer and go all out on the color combo with your shirt and tie. 
I just bought a pair of raw jeans, and I'm wondering how to go about hemming them. I know they'll shrink after the first wash, but right now they're too long to wear without looking like a clown. What's the solution? Thanks!

If unsanforized, you need to do an initial soak.  Unsanforized are not all that common, so if you link exactly what you bought someone will be able to tell you what it is.  .If sanforized (most likely), you can just get them hemmed and leave an extra inch on your inseam for shrinkage/stacking/cuffing.  My 3Sixteens came at 37.5" inseam, and I wear a 31 inseam normally, so I got them hemmed to 33".  A lot of the raw denim shops do chainstiching on vintage machines when they hem, which can create a roping effect on the cuffs so decide if that is worth it to you.  Otherwise, any tailor can hem jeans. 
is it sanforized or not?
you can cuff them..send them to somebody who does chain stitching and have them leave an extra half inch to an inch because thats about what you'll lose from shrinking. 
Chinos that fit between 510s and 511s?. Was told by a friend that 2 texture shoes, canvas and leather, were iffy. Or should I just save the money  and buy real leather shoes/boots later?
Not.
I wanna second . with the Levi chino recommendation. I purchased a pair of those and Docker alphas and I prefer the Levis. I also have very slim legs and the Levis give me a better fit.
have you tried levis chinos? i think they come in the 510 and 511 cuts. price range? i think docker's alpha khakis are supposed to fit similarly to 511s..not.
I normally wear 511, and my alphas are WAY tighter in the thigh I think. I've heard other people say the opposite is the case for them though.
I need some help picking a new boot for the upcoming winter. I already own a pair of Red Wing Iron Rangers for the bad days, however I need something a bit more casual and sleek. I have a budget of around 350$ and have been considering the 1k miles. Thanks. 

Out of curiosity, how much did it cost to get the IR's resoled? 
Whites are starting around 400, and go up. I think the custom ones like the semi formal are way more since they only produce large quantities for other stores to buy. The smoke jumpers are nice but pretty big and clunky. He could get the semi formal with a commando sole, but that will cost a lot. 
I'm buying custom whites semi-dress boots from bakersshoe.com for $424, I admit they are out of OPs budget its certainly not by a whole lot, and 1ks retail for $390 and OP is considering those too.

I'd say RW IR's are pretty sleek for work boots so even though it's $70 above your budget .. 1k's really sound like what you're looking for, though. 
The RW Beckmans are nice, and have a lugged sole, which would be better for winter weather. Supposedly they're going on sale at Nordstrom's website the 19th for $200, or you can sign up for Amazon Shoes' emails and get a 20% off coupon, making them $256 at most, or less depending on your size/color combo. 
1k miles are leather soled generally, so not the best for winter. Look for something with a Dainite or commando sole.
I planned on using the new pair for dry days. Whereas the IR's that I resoled could be used on those wet/snowy days. 
Depending on how snowy your area gets, road salt on sidewalks are REALLY REALLY BAD  for leather soles, as well.
The Beckman are really nice boots, and look very similar to the Wolverine 1000 miles, but with a lugged sole. Like the others have said, that would be better for winter weather as you will have more traction in rain and snow..The Nordstrom sale price of 199 is an incredible deal, so I would seriously consider picking a pair up.
Help me pick a tie for my wedding? I am trying to decide between . and .. Suit is black, shirt will be white.

If you're tied to a monochromatic necktie, the black on silver one would be better.  My issue with the predominantly black is that with a mostly black tie you might as well just do a solid black to indicate formality.  Either way, I'd go with a white pocket square and a flower to put just a little bit of color in. .Nothing is wrong at all with wearing black to a wedding if you are the groom.  Though, given that you're doing black, there would be nothing at all wrong with just dressing semi-formal in a tux and bow-tie either.  
Thanks. I feel exactly the same way about the darker tie. At night, from a distance, it will probably look like a plain black tie. And although I'm doing the formal black suit thing, I wouldn't mind making things a tad less formal via my tie..I'm not totally stuck on a monochromatic tie, but it seems like a safer bet to me. I'm also considering a grenadine tie in a simple color to de-formalize a tad.
I would say a colored grenadine would be solid choice since you're not going full on semi-formal.  Too close to black, and people will think it's a tux and the tie ought to be black.   
Yup, that's where my thinking is at now. Although, I am still afraid of colors and will probably end up with a light charcoal or grey.
Best way to clean dog shit out of sneakers?
Soap, water and paper towels? Is it all over the shoe or just on the sole? .Remember to wash your hands afterwards.
Should've clarified. I stepped in it and its all in my sole and whatever. 
Put it under a sink, let the water rinse everything off, then wash with soap, rinse the soap, let them air dry.
I have to buy my first suit, for a wedding. What should I get? I'm thinking a dark grey/charcoal , but how about the shirt, tie and shoes? White shirt and light blue tie? With brown shoes?.As for another question, my chinos are all less tapered than my jeans. I would like them to fit better, so I am thinking about tailoring. Should I take a pair of jeans I like to get them tailored in the same way? Or should chinos actually be less slimmer than jeans? 
Dark grey is a good call. For a wedding, white shirt, deep red or blue grenadine would be good. Brown shoes, in my opinion, are not the best with a dark grey suit; black work better. You could go for a lighter gray suit and wear brown shoes, or a navy suit for the same thing.
I have charcoal grey pants and a navy blazer - brown or black shoes? Or would either work?
Black tends to be more formal, and so generally reserved for something that's a suit or more formal. You could do either, but it really depends on the specific shade of grey on the trousers and brown on the shoes. My instinct is brown though.
Why do black knit ties work? If MFA sees broguing on a black shoe the usual responses say not to mix something formal (black) with a casual implementation (broguing). So why do black knit ties work when you're mixing black with such a casual tie? And most importantly what shirts would go well with a black knit tie?
Tbh I'm not sure I can exactly say; except perhaps that because a tie is an accessory, rather than a main player in an outfit like shoes or a jacket, the stark contrast between black and everything else is muted - and the texture helps with that..Almost all shirts will be fine with a black knit tie, aside from black of course. White may be a little severe, especially if paired with a dark gray suit, say.
Jumping on this question here in regards to a black knit tie, if I were to wear a light blue shirt, navy pants, and a black grenadine tie then would you recommend the shoes be black?
Also James Bond wore 'em.
What colour is the jacket?
Nothing as of yet, but possibly grey, more or less just using the clothes mentioned as an idea to build on for an outfit. Was considering going with brown shoes and a brown belt, but thinking of the outfit in my head with a black tie seems a bit off. 


Know your shoulder and sleeve measurement. Shoulders can't be altered and SS tends to use functional cuffs which can be altered but are a nuisance. You'll also want to know your chest and waist size, but that can mostly be tailored.
I live in San Francisco and paid 30 for the same services. Sounds about right.
I paid 14 in Seattle. So I would say it seems steep
Shoulders are the most important. If your shoulders measure say 16.5 inches then you would be a 32 in the Lazio fit. You can pull up the sizing chart for each one and compare. Another important measurement will be your arms and body so you can decide if you need to get a regular or short suit. .Right now I would avoid buying a SuitSupply suit until next month. Majority of their sizing for the purple line ($469) is gone. They should be stocking the f/w2013 very soon. 
Thanks for the help. I actually wasn't planning on buying a suit until at least a month or two from now, so that should work out for me.
Oh yeah perfect. Yeah right now would be perfect if you are looking for a linen or cotton suit but im pretty sure you arnt =p. 
like the peninsula?  that doesn't seem entirely excessive for that area
Yup, in the peninsula.
slimming sleeves isn't super cheap usually so i don't think you got ripped off.
Hi MFA,.Noobie here, looking to start improving my wardrobe and have some simple, general questions:.Thank you in advance :)
I really think much of the sunglasses/face shape debate is overdone. Try a few types on, see if you like any of them. Trust your own judgement, or take a few photos and let us see. There's a biscas style guide in the sidebar. As for "standing out," I would try to avoid it in the workplace. Focus on fit and feeling good, as well as pairing together solid outfits. Then see if you can add some nice detailing (but shoes do make a huge difference).
It's all about fit and the shoes. Belts should be pretty basic, don't wear fancy buckles.
1) Generally ballpark about a week, but it's often less (and you can usually ask for it to be done more quickly and pay a little more), occasionally more for busy/older tradespeople..2) Really need a budget here, but some type of AEs for the former and maybe JCP Stafford wingtips for the latter. Check some of the guides in the sidebar.
I can afford to spend a couple hundred $ on the nice pair, looking to spend under $130 for the "beat up" pair.
Any advice for the question regarding sunglasses?
Any advice for the question regarding sunglasses?

Well JCP Staffords are like $60 and AEs can be had on sale for $225 or so, I think Nordstrom in the States is having a sale right now, or soon? Check .. Models to look for; Park Avenue, Mcallister, Strand.
I'm actually going to Nordstrom today, maybe I'll snag some. Thanks!
A mid-brown of any of the above are a good bet.
Guess that's what I will focus on then - thanks!

So I have my graduation, graduation ball and an interview for a job within the next 10 days so was hoping for some advice. Four basic outfits I have are in . imgur album.
My main piece of advice I would like is regarding the shoes; do they go okay with the suit? And if so, working together, do the suit and shoes fit the formal occasions? The heels on my black shoes have recently given up on me and I don't want to invest in new ones unless the brown shoes really don't work as money is really tight at the moment. Also, which shirt/tie combo would be most suitable for each occasion?
Definitely hem pants.
Thanks for advice, Metcarfre said the same so I will definitely do that.
[deleted]
Besides for 02 Chainz, which may just me my love for the Titi Boi, these are pretty bad IMO
That Rick Owens shirt cracks me up.

they look pretty dumb
This looks fucking awesome oh my god i want them all
you should definitely get one & post a fit.
copped the bound 02 jersey in black, wearing to jayz concert friday. 
I got a Givecchi Hentai shirt on their first release and I thought it was kind of funny then. Now I hate it.
i think these are lame tbh
haha i like kawaii 69 in flowers. 
I'd really like to understand this. Anyone care to explain?
its a take on sportswear. started with pyrex i think, then spread to designer names (not forgetting mcnairy's parody), then more parodies starting with (iirc) the hentai one.

He doesn't mention the brand though, but you can easily get a hold of him and ask him. 
Awesome thanks man.
What outerwear can I wear with polos?
Sport coat, unstructured blazer, anorak, windbreaker, anything you might wear in the spring or summer when it gets chilly or rainy.

Can anyone speak for the quality of the Everlane backpacks?
they're good bang for the buck
Does the tongue of a low cut loafer finish closer to the heel, and the tongue of a high cut loafer finish closer to the toe? Or am I getting it the wrong way around.
uniqlo or j. crew on sale
I looked on the uniqlo website and I didn't see any with button-down collars. Maybe I missed them though?.j. crew looks like it does. I'll have to check it out next time I'm near one, thanks.
uniqlo's chambray don't have button down collars.

What do people think of . jacket?
Looks fine, but I think it might look cooler if it fits tighter than it does on the model. I like the drawstrings.

Frank & Oak. They're "Oakhill Shirt in Ocean" is a blue chambray shirt with a button-down collar currently on sale for $30. They also have the chambray in red and green, if that's your thing, for the same price..I can't link you to the exact shirt because the catalogue can't be viewed without signing into an account.
Oh man those look pretty good, thanks. Chambray in red is my thing, but I've already got one, so I think I'll diversify a little colorwise, haha..Could you comment as to the quality of their shirts? How they hold up and all that. I'm not expecting a ton for $30, but still, good things to know.
I only have their mint OCBD, but the minute I got it, it became my new favourite shirt. Just feels and fits great. Some people have complained that their sizes are not always consistent across the brand but I think they're improving on that. 10/10 will buy again.
Alright, thanks again. How would you compare the sizing to maybe either uniqlo or target or jcp or something?
I'm Canadian so don't have most of those brands. But I did manage to ninja a couple of Uniqlo OCBDs. I'd say the fit is slightly slimmer than Uniqlo's slim, and the sleeves might be a cinch shorter--which is a closer fit for me, anyway. Collar might be a little bit tighter, too--the Uniqlo mediums are a little loose in the collar on me but the F&O is just right.

What are some good shirt/tie combos for a dark navy blazer and khaki pants? Does anyone have a link to a relevant inspiration album?

What's the opinion on the Linen OCBD from Banana republic. 

also 

The two links you should really check out under "Getting Started: the Most Basic Advice" are . and ...Lets focus on fit to start. Your jeans in the second picture are quite a bit too large for you. Notice how there seems to be a lot of excess fabric around the calves/ankles? I'm willing to bet you're wearing boot-cut jeans, which aren't generally the best choice. Try to look out for something straight cut or tapered, that follows the lines of your body a little more naturally. Levis 511, 514, 508, and 501 are all common choices - try a few on and see what fits and looks best. In general, I'd look for dark, undistressed, unfaded indigo (blue) denim..Shirts - there's nothing wrong with wearing a t-shirt for a casual situation. It helps, though, again, to have one that fits well. Like polos, you want the .. Sleeves should hit mid-bicep and your arms should fill them out - not excess fabric around. Length should be to just past your belt or a little longer..In general, I'd avoid graphic tees - just get plain colours (gray is my favourite) and focus on the fit for now..That's a few starting points, read some of the guides in the sidebar and feel free to come back with any more questions.
Thinking about buying this shirt: .What are your guy's thoughts on this? Planning on wearing it unbuttoned over a white tee. I don't wear any floral designs but the color and design on this one really is appealing to me. so whats the verdict fellas
I wouldn't wear it open and i think there are better floral designs than this one
Recommend an affordable boot to buy in Canada.
LL Bean Katahdin or Red Wing.

Clark desert boots
Is it possible to wear seersucker pants casually? (i.e. shirt untucked, w/ boat shoes)
Sure

Saw a pair of cordovan color wingtips really similar to . ones, for $35. Should I grab them? If so, can I make them work with a pair of jeans?.EDIT:
obviously in new conditions.
At a thrift store or something? 

I'm new to this.  What can I wear my navy topsiders with? :/
Chino pants - khaki, olive, etc. Chino shorts - navy, khaki olive.

Is it ok to wear an undershirt with an OCBD?
As long as it's not showing, go for it.
How can I quickly fade bright pants without having them shrink in the inseam?  Anything other than washing on cold with a little bleach and drying in the sun?
If I wear brown shoes, brown belt, brown watch strap, etc. should I also wear tortoise shell glasses? I have black glasses now.
The decision to wear black or softer/tortoise shell/brown glasses should be informed not by your clothing (although your style will play into it) but more your skin, face and hair. Stark black doesn't look good against everyone's face.
Doesn't matter at all. No need to match your glasses to anything.
Looking for an olive fishtail parka. Nothing thick, more of a shell. Think the supreme wet weather parka. Any ideas? Gore-tex is cool, but not necessary.
Not really olive but there's this . one. 
The bay, Levi's stores.
Uniqlo's restocking schedule is all over the place. Just keep checking every week or so.
ordered this t-shirt
.and it's nothing like the image. it's a blue/light blue instead of black. anyone have any experience with this brand?
I'd contact the company. I know they are pretty small, so I would assume customer service should be pretty good. It is a dark/navy blue in the picture though. 
I don't have any experience with the brand, but you can try dying it darker yourself if that's the problem. It's not hard and the shirt seems cheap enough to replace.

 or .?
Strands or park aves? Gotta give some context, what is your motivation for buying them, what shoes do you own now that are similar and what do you plan on using them for (casual workplace, going out with jeans on, etc)
Well, whichever one I end up with, I'll be plugging the other's missing spot with a different shoe.  If I go with the Strands, I'll probably pick up . by Kent Wang.  If I go with the Park Avenues, I'll likely pick up Aldens or something off of Ebay..Right now, both types of shoes are needs within my shoe collection.  I'm really trying to weigh these two shoes in how they rank in their respective niche.  I really love the brown Park Avenues, but I'm also a fan (like everyone else) of the Strands.  I'm just hesitant to go with Strands because of how overdone they are.
I hear you on the styling of the strands. I have a pair of daltons in the same color and I find that they are just too flashy to wear in a  conservative setting. I would probably go with the park aves for now as it seems like its already a fit for you and then wait on some aldens or whatever you happen to fall for.
Could I get some advice on these shoes? .
Should I cuff the jeans with all of them, and what do you guys think of them?
Not a fan of lace less slip ons, seems silly to have eyelets with no function. Second pair is fine. Boots are okay, leather and rubber sole seems sort of cheap but I know stepping your boot game up is expensive..Cuff looks good, a bit too much on the boots though. You may want to spring for darker denim, but could just be the colors in the photo throwing it off.

Best white T-shirt for wearing as a simple jeans + Tshirt fit. 
Our Legacy, . (i think these are made by velva sheen), ., Norse, acne etc

Gotta specify crew neck, v neck, scoop neck, etc. Also a price range and the continent you live on.

When I wear my 511's, the inseam goes up just a bit too high, resulting in some testicular discomfort.  Otherwise, the length and fit are great.  Should I get a more relaxed cut, get a longer inseam, or try a different manufacturer?  Any suggestions?  Thanks as always.
You may also be wearing them a touch too high, as 511s are pretty low rise
Ok, I'll look into that.  Still, I was wearing them on the hips, where it felt most comfortable (outside of the groin).  In fact, my hips jut out quite a bit; I'm not sure I can wear them lower.  If you're right, should I size up in the waist so I can wear them lower?.Also, I will get fit picks when I can.  I hadn't figured on needing them..And thanks!

When wearing my OCBD the shirt pulls at the buttons, and the space in-between flares up. Can you tell me what I have to do to make it fit better? I think it ruins the look. 
It's hard to tell without a picture, but it sounds like your shirt is too small.
Get slimmer jeans. .I do agree with you the sidebar does have way too much shit in it. Read the .. It should tell you everything.
I like rigid silver a lot more
I bought the Levi 511 in black stretch instead of rigid dragon, did I fuck up and what do you think of the black stretch ones?
You did not fuck up.  They're my favorite jeans, hands down, and the stretch fabric is super comfortable.

How bad are pleats on pants -- like 2/10 on the bad scale according to MFA, or worse, like 5/10? I ask because I carry lots of stuff in my pockets every day -- wallet with lots of cards, phone, work ID, subway pass, keys, change, etc. Pleated dress pants accommodate all this stuff far more easily. Flat front pants end up fitting super tight when I sit down and just don't look great with all that stuff in them. So, are pleats still a no no?
Kind of over blown on this sub, but you really have to know what you're doing to make them look good. Honestly it depends on your body type and its not hard to look terrible in them. I would either post a fit pic in Outfit Feedback or give a messenger bag a try for a week to carry your gear. I know hauling stuff on the train is a pain.
At a tuxedo shop?.I'm sorry, but I couldn't resist.
How reliable is ordering shoes and clothing off of amazon?
Pretty good, if sold by Amazon they offer free returns. 
Ok thank you
Can you wear leather boots like Iron Rangers or Moc Toes in the rain and snow without ruining them?
Yes, maybe not ten inch deep snow though. Just make you sure you condition the boots regularly

Are you talking about a . or an .?
adjustable button cuff, sorry
Do up the tightest one, unless you can't.

What are good slip on shoes? 
Loafers, brah. Alternatively, boat shoes, camp mocs, blucher mocs are all casual and easy to slip on and off.
Kanye-APC
.Thoughts?
We had a thread about it a day or so ago.
why pay 120$ for a white t-shirt? 

I went through the first two pages of MFA and couldn't find anything. Link?

? I'm colorblind and not sure if it's grey or light blue or green. Also, thoughts on them?
The main color is grey and the accents are a bright teal, I'd pass personally.
How do you guys deal with nutsweat? I find myself passing over my raws often out of fear. (My apologies to . and the gals reading this)
Sometimes you have to put the raws away for a little while. If you really need to wear denim, consider a lighter pair (less than ~12 oz).
What's a good brand/model of iron that I can buy on amazon?  Thanks! 
[deleted]
1) Brooks by a long shot
black slim jeans, rolled up a bit. or indigo jeans with a black t shirt.
Which models of Levi's have you tried?.511 are slim, while 510 are on the skinnier side. How they'll fit you depends on your body shape and measurements (Waist, thigh, knee, ankle, inseam)
Thanks!
[deleted]
Size up to a S. 
by some 501 stfs that fit you before being washed. then wash them. they'll shrink up a bit and conform to your body as you wear them.
Awesome, I've never even considered 501's but I'll try it!

When trying on jeans, where should the top of the jeans line up for a proper fit? At the waist bone? Smallest part of the waist? or is an inch or 2 below of the waist acceptable?
By waist bone, did you mean the hips ? If yes, this is where my jeans rest

Does anyone here have a Lewis Leathers jacket and can they tell me if its worth 500 quid?
What changes in sizing do I need to worry about to look taller? Most of my looks end up looking boxy for some reason.
You should post a fit or two to the Outfit Feedback thread. Sounds like it could be a matter of changing your proportions up a bit.
What are your thoughts of these two jackets for the fall? 
second is nice
Late to the party but should I get OCDB from Uniqlo, J crew, or Lands' End?
Uniqlo for sure. Jcrew is overpriced for what it is. Land's End fits really boxy.
J crew is usually more expensive/better quality, both are solid places to start if you haven't bought one before. 
Skip the purple shirt/multistripe tie. Any combo would be fine for any event, maybe white shirt for ball, blue for interview. Shoes look serviceable but I'd consider having the pants hemmed.
Thanks for the response, why is the purple shirt/multi-stripe tie a no go? Too much happening, too similar colourings?
Tie is too busy imo and deep purple shirts rarely look good; a lighter lavender would work though.
Hmm fair enough. Thanks for the advice

u r good person 

I finally found a pair of sunglasses that I like and that fit my face well. Unfortunately, they're cheapo knock-off Wayfarers from Target. What measurements should I be taking for comparison when I am looking to upgrade to something more durable?
lens height + width, bridge width 
With the frequency some people lose their sunglasses, sticking to Target ones that actually fit might not be a terrible idea.  Lost them in the river, lake, ocean, pool, bar, club?  Who cares, get another one for $20.  
Lens width, bridge length, and arm length. You should find them on the arm or bridge of the sunglasses. But, sometimes for really cheap sunglasses these arent written, so take the measurements yourself. Decent sunglasses will have them available
What the heck does "8351AC" mean then?
Oho, they are written on the arms! I just didn't know what the numbers were. Thanks!
That's most probably the model/color number.If I'm right, . are your glasses?
Yep - are those actually $20 a dozen? Geez louise.
Any chance you can work your glasses search magic to find piles of mine for cheap, too?.Numbers are 3401981212 on the left arm, before the sizing, and 34402 on the right arm, along with the Made in China text. Neither number turns anything up on that site. Google finds nothing for the longer one, and tells me that 34402 is used by LV, Dior, and Oliver Peoples... somehow I doubt it's any of those, though!


Yeah, I'm mighty tempted to do that, though there are some details that I'd like to change, and of course I'm worried that they might switch models next season.
Also the actual shape of the lens, but that kind of goes unsaid. 
that CHAINZ 02 Jersey tho
Should be CHAINZ 00 after he got robbed the other day.
 robbery, he tried to rob him and then shot at his bodyguards .dumb ass tryna rob titty boi

Nah, 2Chainz got robbed. Watch the video. He trips and then the robber runs off with something he got from him.
I don't get it, I don't think.
cuffs
Asked this last thread but didn't get an answer, so does anyone know where to find 5-7" shorts with an opening slimmer than J. Crew's shorts? Anywhere to find the same shorts in madras?
Oddly enough, JC Penny has some pretty good flat fronts right now. I think they may be 6", but it wouldn't be the first time I was wrong.
You could buy madras shorts and hem them/get them hemmed. 
Bonobo's has some pretty slim 5" shorts
All the 5" are on sale now.  I have a feeling they may be going away for good as there are plenty of 7" and 9" not on sale.
Give club monaco a shot. I linked you to 6.5in inseam. .As far as madras I would have to look around more. 
Appreciate it man. I'll take a look when I get off my phone. 
Ah man, I got there too late and all the 5" AND 7" were sold out in 28 :( $21 for a new pair of swim trunks doesn't sound bad at all though!
it sounds kind of silly to pay 100 dollars for a belt when the shoes are barely 100 bucks, but i love the manistee in walnut from allen edmonds. they may be a little darker than the mr. b's wingtips, but should work fine if you're willing to fork over the 100 bucks or so for it. i think they may be on sale at nordstrom, and AE will price match in brick and mortar stores..for the sperries, just go grab a webbed cotton belt in navy or brown. you don't need to worry too much about finding a great match for casual fits.
Mid thigh is currently more fashionable. Below the knee is definitely a bit old fashioned, although probably more practical if you're actually using it to protect yourself from the elements. I wouldn't wear a full length trench without wearing something more formal like a suit though..Navy, grey, and tan are great colors. Black is a terrible color for a full length trench because 9/10 times it makes you look like a school shooter or a nerd playing Matrix dress up..If you're looking for something more traditional I would encourage you to check out your local thrift and consignment stores, since it's not too difficult to find an old fashioned trench like that one you're looking for. You can always take it to a tailor who can crop it for you too.
I was just looking at one of these today at a travelling tailor event: .Honestly they felt and looked really good, although you may not have a month to wait for it.
For a black . coat that is not of shorter lengths but doesn't look like Neo, try buying a vintage army trench.  Here's an example off ebay:
.
It'll last, and if it doesn't, it was $50 delivered to your door..Unless it suits your style, I don't think a black canvas knee length trench is a great investment.  I'd rather go with a mid-thigh length navy coat.  less practical for the rain, but a lot more in style.
I didn't realize that one could be had so cheap. Maybe I'll hit up the local surplus store; if they don't have the right color in my size, at least I could determine what size I'd need.
That jacket is form the 80s/90s (ish?)..There is another version that is very neo style that I think is more recent?.The army discontinued trenchs in general in the last decade, so check the surplus store, but they may not have the exact model you're looking for.  But there are varieties you can at least look at.
Found one at the surplus store! It even almost fits. It'll need a bit of work (the shoulders are a bit wide, there's a button missing, it needs a belt, and it came with a generous helping of free dirt) but it was 25 bucks. Now I can consider a more permanent coat solution with no time pressure.
Congrats.  You know that fixing the shoulders is a real pain to tailor right (if you're doing it yourself or have a friend that'll do it, great, otherwise, I wouldn't pay a professional for that)..What size are you btw?
I'm pretty sure . is more or less perfect for your purposes..Personally I'm hoping to buy a Burberry some time within the next year; there's very few that do it better than who basically originated the layman's trenchcoat, but obviously the price is a little unreasonable if you're not personally in love with them.
I've fallen totally in love with this myself: .Just be careful not to get a coat that will make you look like a flasher, and never wear it with a fedora. .jk, i have faith in you, and the link is my contribution..Edit: It's my cakeday, wooho.
Happy cakeday!.That looks like a nice coat, but I think I'm looking for something a bit more traditional  double-breasted, maybe more length. Also, black or dark gray..I do not own a fedora, nor do I ever intend to. However, I will on occasion wear the coat with a slouch hat (costuming, not in public!).
You're going to need to invest in a tailor. It's okay, most everyone needs to tailor their shirts, the only difference is you . to, which is actually a good thing..Find a shirt that fits excellently in the shoulders, chest, and arms. Then have it altered - either darts or fully taken in is acceptable - to taper at your waist..I like to say this, but look at it as part of the cost of the shirt. So if your shirt costs $30, then it really costs $45 ($30 + $15 max for the alteration).
Thanks for the input. I've only ever had suits tailored so I had no idea the price of just a shirt. $15 isn't bad at all. Oh the tribulations of being in shape haha. .Roll tide (sorry I had to :P)
I feel your pain man, im either out growing my old cloths constantly or just plain dont fit into anything properly. Best bet is get measured, thats what i have found personally.
We're almost exactly the same size lol, clothes shopping sucks
Most tailors will take the shirt in fully (meaning sew a new side-stitch) for $10-15 in my area. This means if you get a shirt that fits in the neck and sleeve but is loose in the body and the arm, you can have the entire thing brought in. You can even invest in a sewing machine and do it yourself, it's actually fairly easy. I prefer the measure-and-mark method..Darts are usually cheaper, somewhere in the $8-$10 range. They are also . but a lot of people think they look good..War damn eagle though son.
steal for the price
Patterns are pretty popular right now.  It does look a bit puffy around the midsection, though it could just be your posture.
Great shirt. Good fit. Awesome score!
Pattern is a tiny bit whimsical but absolutely fine for what you're wearing it with. Do you feel it matches your personal style? Regarding size, it could be taken in around your waist (and so could the belt btw).
So, tailor, huh?
Yeah. You mentioned fit was ok so I thought I'd point out the billowing.  How does it looked untucked? 
I'm at work now, can't post a pic..But.. it's slim fit and it's my size. It suits my body shape pretty well.
It does look like it fits your upper body fairly well, just be cautious of the midsection fit. Cheers.
Lookin' great!
a subtle pattern which means it's also more versatile. And incredibly cheap for a shirt even from Zara! looks good
Love those types of patterns they are by far my favourite!
Why are you asking about the pattern now, after buying it?  Shouldn't your post say "Hey, my name is Macklemore.  Look at me and my shirt"? 
Hate me because I potentialy wasted 2$. 
I don't hate at all.  Just calling it like I see it.
I quite like the pattern, looks like a good find for that price.
they look dope. great steal!
Looks good to me
Buy a sewing machine and hit the gym
I was wondering this same thing. 
It won't hurt anything, but it can get pricey. I'd hunt around thrift shops for a while and see if you can't find a sewing machine. Sewing machines, like crock pots, are something worth buying used. An older model from a decade or two back will be cheaper and sturdier than the new ones you can get at Wal-Mart or Joanne's fabric..Once you have a machine, you can start teaching yourself to tailor. I wouldn't mess with jacket sleeves too early on, but hemming pants and darting shirts are both pretty basic.
And while you're at the thrift store, pick up some clothes that fit you moderately well. I do not tailor my own clothes but I would want some practice shirts before getting to anything I regularly wear. 
Do you know of any good online references for self tailoring? 
.>>> sidebar mate
 is a pretty great blog run by a guy who makes his own clothes. This is more bespoke than tailoring, and more inspiration than instruction. Absolutely worth reading though, he does some pretty great work..Unfortunately I don't know of any proper guides, and I don't want to just find a random one and point you to possibly bad advice. I was taught by my step-mom, maybe there's a relative in your area who can teach you? If not, call craft stores in your area, they sometimes offer group classes. 
I will definitely check that out! Thanks. 
I think you should do it if you want to. Just think about it in terms of what makes you happier. Say your local tailor charges $15 to slim a shirt, would you be happier with a slimmer shirt, or with an extra $15 in your pocket? .You don't have to do all or none either, you can just pick some items that you like, but fit you poorly, and just have those done. Or you can learn how to do it yourself. For me it comes down to "Do I want to spend 30 minutes to tailor this?" and the answer is always yes.
Cool, I tend to like diy projects. 
What do you mean by everyday clothes?
Non formal wear and non work clothes. To be specific for shirts I always wear collared and pants vary from jeans to cords. 
It totally depends on how your clothes fit you before hand.  Theres some stuff I always tailor like pant lengths, I'm very picky about break, while some things I never do, ie most BB extra slim, Jcrew, and uniqlo slim shirts fit me great, so I don't need to tailor those, unless I buy a non-slim fit.
Slim fit is the best for me as well 
Upvote for this.. try to tailor the $80 shirts you just bought. Get ones that fit similarly for like two dollars and practice on those..In fact, in the early days give yourself a limit to what you'll tailor yourself. Anything over $50 for example, leave to a professional until you get more comfortable.
Why hit the gym? 
Haha I don;t mean any offense, I probably should have explained more. Putting some muscle on, or losing some weight, will make clothes look much better than just tailoring alone. Late 90's Brad Pitt in a baggy shirt will still look better than Michael Moore in the most perfectly fitting suit ever. 
Ah, I am already fit (six pack, pecs, et cetera) thanks though. 
You'll definitely need tailoring then. I was able to get away with off the rack just fine, but things started getting rough when I got fit. I'm sitting at a critical point right now where if my arms get any bigger, I won't be able to wear any of my clothes. I already can't roll my sleeves and that used to be my trademark look..Basically, clothes are made for skinny and fat people, if you have muscle you're fucked.
I'm not a Dwayne Johnson haha
Depends on how your everyday clothes fit really..The answer is "probably".
So yes, if store size doesn't fit well? 
Sure..It's common to need to take in the waist of shirts for example. Or to hem trousers to the correct length.
Thank you for your input :) 
Is it a faq? :\ 
Good advice I forgot to include right here. Grab a couple of button-downs and pants that fit you more or less well to use as practice pieces. And remember you can always remove stitching, you can't un-cut fabric.
Your mom has taste. I was lucky enough to get a couple of pairs many years ago and they were very versatile and unique compared to my friends. Silk shirt, wool slacks fits any occasion. Over time when they wear they can be paired more casual, like jeans.  They are formal enough for work but casual enough for going out....
Oh lord those are pretty terrible, square toe and black? Basically limited to black tie, even still I'd probably never wear those.
Those aren't square toes. They're lightly chiseled.
Early to mid '90s.
An era that I'm glad is over. .I love paisley, but  .  man... 
I'm wearing it now with a dark blue shirt. Pretty funky.
It may be impossible to pull off, because that is the loudest tie I have ever seen. Not to mention that its pretty wide, and therefore dated/won't work with modern suit cuts. 
wide though? it's only 3.5in at the very widest bottom. Not wearing a blazer atm...just for work. Although I agre, this is seeming like a bad bad idea every minute but no one has noticed yet :D
You can't get much wider than 3.5 for ties
You can't get much wider than 3.5 for ties
urban outfitters
Nice leather boots that could go with a suit sounds like it could work. Unfortunately, I live in a hot, humid city so don't have any!  Enjoy Russia. 
square toe is all the rage in russia.dont forget your tracksuit, flat cap, gold chain, and needle full of krokodil
GTFO here you're gorgeous, you know you can rock those Clubmasters. 
You have the club master look, but there are different sizes! Make sure you get the right size for your face!
Honestly, depends on how big your head is. Clubmasters are quite small, and won't look right on large heads.
 was on the front page yesterday, it might help.
You really have to try them on.  Not many people can pull off the clubmasters.  I have a thinner face with a strong jaw and chin so they fit and look decent.  They do have a slightly larger size if I remember correctly.
that's a big bridge, but looks like you have a larger nose so it should be good, my slender nose almost always looks terrible in sunglasses.
could u pull off the most popular sunglasses ever made that everyone and their brother owns?.probly
I tend to think clubmasters work on smaller heads, thinner faces or someone like Pablo Escobar. I've got a big head like you and tend to find classic wayfarers or Oakley frogskins (the new frogskin LX are great) fit nicer. 
Buy these first: .and see how you like the look. I have no complaints with my pair. Pretty good quality, way better than convenience or drug store glasses. You can use them until they break or just buy the real deal once you determine you like Clubmasters on yourself. That way you don't waste $200 on sunglasses if you don't like them.
Go to a local shop and try them on first. Despite the top comment, they're not anywhere near versatile - you really have to have a certain face shape and size to pull them off.
How did you get up on that guy's shoulders?
YOU SINGLE QT?
Before you jump on the actual Rayban Clubmasters, why don't you try 
Or just figure out your measurements and make sure the frame is suited for the true measurements of your face. Then you don't have to support counterfeiters. 
I can't tell without you trying them on first. make sure there is a return policy
If you can wear them with confidence then most of the time yes you can pull it off.
I personally don't like rays, but those look nice and you can do it.
Yup
$7.99? Damn, I might get myself a pair...
Listen to this. I wanted a pair of Clubs so bad, but they looked horrible on me. Then I found the RB4190's, which are the square clubmasters and they look great. It was a perfect compromise.  Try them on in person.
Hah, I just ordered the exact same glasses (though in 51mm) yesterday. Clubmasters can look strange on some people's face. I definitely recommend going out a store and trying on a few pairs before buying.
A) Yes, you'll be fine.B) You can always get a set of knock-offs and try 'em on for a while:
.C) Take a look through . to see how they work with a variety of outfits.
Yes
do you have an ipad? there is an app that virtually inputs your face to try on thousands of sunglasses. its pretty amazing.
This is awesome. Thank you.
the technology is quite amazing. and you can buy directly from the site.
name of the app?
glasses.
Got a link to that? I can't find it on the app store.

Most triumphant!
For sure. Clubmasters are super versatile. They don't make too much of a statement. You'll be fine.
good looking guys can pull virtually anything off
Cough cough 
Nothing wrong with denim, just wear different shades of blue.
Is that a compliment?
FabGay and gwarster 4lyfe <3 <3 <3
plus jawline of the gods
Haha, thanks!
(   )
There will be MANY tourists in Hawaiian shirts. Feel free to put in some effort but you're ok in virtually anything these days.
My grandparents used to take me to Broadway shows and still do sometimes. I'd always usually be in a suit. What happens the majority of time is the older folks are wearing suits and the youth are wearing whatever.
If it's just a regular performance and not some sort of special event, whatever you want would be fine. 
I'm REALLY not one to wax poetic about 'the good old days,' but I think there really is something awesome about a crowd of people dressing up to see a show on broadway. I know this still happens to a degree (moreso at the Lincoln Center,) but having been to a few shows on Broadway (as a young teen, when I was also dressed poorly, I'm sure), you're very right. Everyone just wears whatever. It seems like such a touristy thing now, and the tourists (of which I was one) don't even factor dress in. I think it's because it's changed from a real 'event' to a "Oh, I'm in NYC! GONNA GO SEE A MUSICAL ON BROADWAY!" It's no longer the event itself that matters (seeing some of the best musicals in the world,) it's the touristy action that matters. .In my mind, a musical should be a really classy place for you and a date to go spend an evening. Now though, it would almost seem a little cheap, seeing as no one around you is taking it seriously. .TL;DR: It would be really cool if people gave Broadway the respect it deserved. 
Considering it's probably going to be balls to the walls hot in Manhattan, wear something you're comfortable in. No one will care if you're in a t-shirt or if you're in a suit.
As an MFA'er I think you'll have the common sense to wear something a little more dressy. I was annoyed that at the last broadway show I went to a few months ago, people were in tshirts and flip flops. .A pair of chinos and shoes that aren't sneakers are recommended and a nice OCBD. That in my opinion, is the bare minimum. 
like other have said ... pretty much whatever you want. even with the met opera, people might dress a little nicer, but nothing fancy. button down, pants, shoes and you're good to go.
Yeah I completely agree. I just find it to be courteous to dress nice for the show. I mean you have real people on stage performing in front of you LIVE. 
To see Newsies in the Nerlander theatre, I went in a light gray suit jacket, white shirt, red tie, and dark grey chinos. However, to see Avenue Q which is in the equally informal New World Stages, I went in that same jacket, but with a black shirt, no tie, and Levi's. With Wicked, since it's probably in a really nice theatre around Times Square, wear something nice. A good shirt, can be short sleeved as long as it has a collar, and chinos/jeans. 
No clothing advice from me, but when you're there make sure you refer to it as a "musical" and not a "play,"  or you may get some dirty looks. Source: I dated a girl who really loved theatre
It's all the same to me!
But it's not all the same. That's just fact. A play is a show. A musical is a show. A play is not a musical. If you want to be nonspecific, you're seeing a Broadway show..That said, enjoy the musical! Wicked is my favorite! (And also my favorite Broadway show I've seen. :) )
Thanks, I can't wait! 
You pay >$200 for a seat, you wear whatever the fuck you want. .Seriously though, people aren't going to care.
A nice pair of dark jeans, leather shoes or boots, a blue or white button up, and a blazer in heather gray or tan. Consider a casual knit tie as well
I saw Dame Edna on broadway and she said to the crowd "I'm clearly in America, I can tell by all the t-shirts in the audience..."
Generally the etiquette of a theatre needs something a bit more formal. By no means a suit, but something with a collar at least. 
Whatever you want... people will be there in everything from suits to shorts and a T 
This is true, people will be in a wide variety of attire. No one will be in a tuxedo. A suit will feel slightly over dressed. A sports coat and slacks, or jeans, will do nicely.  .Enjoy the show. 
I'm just passing through from the front page, but check out brooks, they make some quality bike saddles and have messenger bags too.
I really like that bag actually. Price is the only thing holding me back.
Just curious, for you all who buy messenger bags. Is it a conventional item or an accessory? What do you put inside?
Hey bro, don't worry a messenger bag, and that's obvious. -Chris Delia

For me, it's both. I find that a backpack is very out of place in many professional settings. For me, a backpack would be more acceptable than for most since I'm a teacher. .That's part of the reason I went with a messenger bag, was to have a bag that separated me from the students I teach. With full leather messenger bags, you get some of the functionality of a backpack with some of the professionalism of a briefcase. .Other people (afaik) will search for it as an accessory because they feel it's more "adult" than a backpack. I had a canvas backpack during my first year of uni for this reason. .Others still will get the backpacky looking ones like . for the utility purpose of having bags that go hand in hand with biking. 
Here is something similar, in both brown and black: 
I just commented in the should I buy thread directed towards someone looking at canvas messenger bags for a more casual job. I responded with a recommendation that he go leather. Instead of typing it all up again, I'll just quote it here:.---Hi I spent the last couple weeks doing some similar searching for a messenger bag. I'm not a huge fan of the one you've selected there. TBQH I would recommend a leather bag, and if not I'd recommend a different canvas bag. Imo, a leather messenger is never really out of place, and definitely can be used as a casual bag, whereas a canvas bag will seem out of place and "underdressed" in a more formal setting.
If you ever see yourself moving into a formal setting, the leather will come in handy.
There are a ton of places to check but here's what I've found:. (these are expensive, but the 13" isn't too bad). (massdrop is doing a sale and I believe it's still going where you get something like 30% off). (they have a nice leather messenger plus a lot of canvas ones that I think are a step up towards professional rather than student).You should also check the bag FAQ in the sidebar for more options, but it is slightly limited. Search . for "messenger bag" and you'll get a lot of results. These are the ones I was looking at personally..I ended up choosing a fossil bag because my girlfriend could get it through macy's with a lot of discounts that brought the price (245) down to something like 140. I am immensely satisfied with it but I haven't had it for long and unfortunately I couldn't find any info on what quality of leather it's made from.
If you do decide to go for a leather item, be sure to check up on saddlebackleather's leather 101 to understand why it's important to search for full-grain over genuine leather.
Hope this helps.---.Since your price range is significantly higher than the guy I was responding to originally, I'll also throw in that . make some pretty good bags at higher prices..The bag you've selected here seems like a great option, but I'd be wary about materials used. See the saddleback leather guide or wikipedia it to learn more about different kinds of leather. When a website denotes it as "100% vegetable tanned leather" instead of giving you what grade of leather they are using, it raises flags in my mind. Before you buy, I would recommend getting in touch with the seller and asking about the grade of leather he is using. .It's also very large. 18" is no joke, that's a foot and a half that you are lugging around. IMO, that's huge. They must have a 6'6" tall guy or larger modeling it. I find that 15.5" on my bag seems almost too big for me at 5'6". Please keep that in mind before you buy..Another thing is that for 265$, you have a lot of options and I would definitely explore those options before you buy. I highly recommend that if you spend that much on a bag, you buy from somewhere like LLBean or saddleback, who have lifetime guarantees for their products. .Finally, I think what makes this bag appear casual is the flap. It's got a single buckle and that really pushes it towards casual/student instead of more serious/business. . is the bag I got and you can see, imo, that the double buckle and the double-stitching on the flap add a lot towards giving it a more professional appearance, closer to a briefcase than a satchel. The reason I went with fossil was because I liked the bag after seeing it in person, rooting around in it, and trying it on, and it was at a price I couldn't beat because it was at Macy's and my GF had coupons+macy's card for a lot of discounts. .I hope all this helps and feel free to ask me any questions. In response to the farhorizontraders bags, be sure to look at their blemished bags, as those come at a large discount and oftentimes have only superficial blemishes. Beware buying camel leather, as it will stink for awhile until you break it in. Rather pungently.
Can you comment on the quality and look and feel of the Navali bags? I think their canvas bags look pretty good and are really cheap for what it seems.
lol saddleback's guide is bs. Veg tanned is full-grain or top-grain.
Unfortunately I can't. I never bought from them because I decided to go with leather over canvas and I felt their mainstay leather messenger suffered from the same problems of the flap lending to a more casual/student look. .I'd recommend trying youtube but I didn't have any luck. However, their website says:.So maybe give it a shot? Free shipping on products over 50$, which means all their bags. If you like it, keep it, and if not you only pay the return cost. 
Not entirely sure what you mean on the distinction between conventional item and accessory. .I'm a lawyer. A messenger bag is my briefcase and my computer bag. At various times it holds papers, my computer, my iPad, chargers, headphones, and a book. I like nice ones, so sure they're accessories too, but I have it because I need a bag. 
That's not too casual.  In fact, I really like that bag.  Cop.
Are you actually looking for a tuxedo, or would a black suit work just fine?.If you need a tux, . has a decent one in your price range..Otherwise, I would suggest something like .Honestly black is not a really versatile color suit. The only event it is ever really worn is evening formal wear. If you can get away with a charcoal or dark gray color for this event I would suggest that as you will be able to wear it more often for future events..You would still need a shirt, shoes and tie to add to your budget if you dont have that already. It is pretty easy to get these on the cheap and the suit will still look pretty good. For the price of that CK suit you linked to, the quality will not be near as good as something from suit supply..If money will be that tight though the CK will work.
Thank you for the thorough response. All things considered, would it be more financially sound to rent a tux and ensure that I look good or to purchase a black suit--of moderate quality--that I will own? .Or, is it a wise investment to spend $600-700 on a nice black suit?.I'm really sorry for throwing that on you, I'm just trying to get a better understanding of what I'm getting myself into... this is my first black-tie event and my girlfriend is in a wedding party. I want to make sure I complement her as best as possible!
Honestly, as much as it kills me, it might just be best to rent the tux that you should for this event. Save the money and if you really want and need to, buy a decent suit that will be versatile in the future. No point in dropping big money on something you won't wear all that often, whether it be a suit or a tux.
Will you see yourself going to a lot of events where a black suit will be required? Things like interviews and very formal events? If not, then just go for the rental.
If it's a black tie wedding you should wear a tux, not a black suit. 
It largely depends on the jacket. The one I have is a little bit smaller than true to size.
Depends on the jacket. Asos is just one huge ass variable
A lot of Asos things are quite slim fit. Not sure about the jackets though. 

Stop trying to make black boots happen. It's not going to happen. 
Black boots are completely awesome but need a different use-case than brown..The less dressy the boot the easier it is to work with. A pair of black Guidi boots, for example, will work easily with black/dark jeans or a grey palette..If your colour palette features a lot of black/grey/blues/purples/etc then black boots can be really easy to incorporate. If it's a lot of earthy tones then it's best to avoid..Black dress boots (such as chelseas, balmoral boots, etc) can be difficult when not worn with, say, suiting. I'd put black shell chukkas into that category.
Ha; actually had this in mind as I was posting. 
I think it really depends on what the rest of your style looks like.  Do you have any fit pics? 
Nah, not yet. I've just got the basics now after starting to pay attention to fit and classic styling several months ago (dark jeans, OCBDs, non-crap shoes)..I have some cigar-colored Redwing Beckmans and Alden Indys in dark brown. I'm finding that I really enjoy boots, and just want to get ideas for the next. Have been looking into getting some shell, but not sure if black shell goes with a whole lot. I'm in a business casual office environment most of my days, if that's any reference. .Edit: To sum up, don't really have a particular "aesthetic" yet. Pretty conservative. 
I've seen black boots done well in some outfits on here, but most of the better looks were with fits that were punk or gothninja. Not saying black iron rangers or Beckmans can't look good with dark jeans and an ocbd but the fits with black boots that stand out to me are goth ninja or punk style fits. Like combat boot stuff. 
you read wrong, black is the least limiting colour there is, you can wear as much as you want wherever you want
Really, anything? Is there a particular boot you recommend that does this?
docs, timbs, ricks, guidis, pretty much any boot that isnt specifically made for being dressy
He's wrong. 
Black boots are appropriate whenever you aren't working off of an earth tone palette and the weather permits.
This. Depends on the formality of the boot and the colors in your wardrobe. Brown/khaki bases often don't go well with black. Black mixes well with navy/black/white and less vibrant colors. This is why it's somewhat limiting. 
What's the third stye of sunglasses the dude mentions? Club something?

Which fit better? Or do they not work at all. Gotta be effortless! :P
Between the 2 I will pick the aviators..But I think that pair is too big? Maybe it's the angle though.
 are my only pair of shades. They are light weight and comfortable as hell. Are they not fashionable. Seems everyone is wearing wayfarers these days. Are these considered sports glasses?
My problem with sunglasses is that most frames just aren't wide enough for my cheekbones and make my face look pinched when I wear them. Having an Asian nose doesn't really help that either, there's no bridge fit because there's no bridge to fit.
My ears stick out a little bit more than the normal persons, so glasses make me look a little goofy, what can I do?
Where to buy round sunglasses/teashades?
I found some round shades, though not completely round, left behind at a festival..but that's not going to help you at all. I'm rockin' them tho.
As did I. found them in the middle of the double yellow. A bit scratched on the sides, but nothing at affects my vision.
That's only 4 shapes...
Neither of those are good. go with wayfarer style or clubmaster style, but I implore you to not be an idiot and buy real ones. Go on aliexpress, or ioffer and get reproductions for a fraction of the price.
Thanks for the suggestions! 
The clubmasters
thanks breh
All i got out of this: "if you like them, wear them."
This is so ridiculous, find a pair of sunglasses that compliment your face and compliment your style and go from there.
thats literally what the guy in the video said
Can anyone go into a bit more detail on the bridge fit? The salesman seemed to know what he was looking for when saying whether the fit was good or not but didn't exactly explain what qualities determine a good fit. 
they shouldn't sit to far high on your nose is basically what he was saying. Both of the examples showed the same thing, and that's where he lacked at the explanation. He should have showed one that was really lose that sitting low but both examples were 'tight' in between and below the eye brow line so the sunglasses were sitting to far up on the nose. They were also to far away from the cheek bones to where light would come in from the bottom of the sunglasses.
Hope fully that helped. 
I like this video, didn't really know how much the bridge and how it fits on your nose can affect the whole look. I learned just that much from the video and it's a paramount lesson. Thank you for this, do you have any affiliations to this video at all?
Well I liked it
Was gonna make a thread of this but... where can I find a decent pair for cheap?
[deleted]
Maybe around $50?
[deleted]
From the look of the video, this really seems like something you need to try on in person, no?
costco has some great sunglasses for only 25, and they are even polarized! best thing ever
You can find Rayban on Amazon waaaay cheaper than at stores.  They're still gonna be more than $50, but when you can get a pair of rb aviators with polarized lenses for like $110, you'll never regret buying them:
They aren't knock-offs?
go on alibaba. there are plenty of glasses that are of legitimate quality, but for very cheap. Don't bother with $6-10 ones. Get $20 ones and you will be satisfied.
I actually am acquainted with alibaba but when importing the quality can (* sometimes*) be a bit sketchy..Edit: but thanks for the tip!
yea i agree with that. My only advice would be to avoid the really cheap sub $10 glasses because usually their quality is not great.
[deleted]
been looking around... not a lot of selection at that price point, huh?
[deleted]
just buy directly from china and skip the middleman. 
Great glasses. I personally love my pairs. Super affordable! 
Does asian fit mean Filipino flat nose ?
In case anyone was curious he is wearing a .. I highly recommend them. No, I do not work for the company or have any ties to them. 
I as well do not work with them and/or have any relationship with them.
Focus camera. 
and use a goddamn tripod!
They left out the "A" measurement. Basically, the glasses shouldn't stick too far outside the side of your head or be too far in. Your eyes should try to be in the middle of the frame (harder to see with sunglasses). Temple length affects comfort.
Plenty of styles, for example aviators, where the eye will not be in the middle of the lens. 
It technically can be. Lenses, even Plano, have an "optical center". But using the box system of measurement, there is a center...  Like any style, it's a game of proportions.
It's the four big shapes outside of outdoorsman and athletic glasses.  I thought it did a pretty nice job for a quick video.
So, where do they fit, though? .Should I assume outdoorsman/athletic glasses are bad to wear then, or simply just ignored by this video?
In my opinion they're great of you're out doing sporty activities but don't have a place with a pair of chinos or a nice shirt. 
Oh sure, that makes sense. I wasn't sure if 'male fashion advice' also covers "what to wear when out jogging" and so on.
Haha I wouldn't worry about being fashionable while exercising or working on your car or hunting. Most of the world ridicules those who dress fashionably while doing those kinds of activities so I would hope this subreddit wouldn't give that sort of advice. 
not necessarily but you wouldn't wear a pair of Maui's or Oakleys with a or nicer clothes. I wear my Mauis when i run and occasionally even when i'm not running and just wearing lounge clothes like shorts and a t shirt. If you're wearing just a casual outfit for lunch or a baseball game or what ever out doorsy, sure the athletic glasses are fine. 
My rule of thumb with athletic shades is, wear with shorts or casual jeans.. If i'm wearing chinos or some sort of dress slacks and a nice polo, anything that I would wear to a date i suppose, i put the athletic sunglasses away and put on a pair of persols or zegnas. It really depends on your style and the out fit you're currently wearing, to be honest. But i agree, there should be an extensive guide on athletic brands, and different sunglasses in general. 
I have Oakleys sporty shades and they're almost never mentioned in these guides. I would love some info on the style!
Fine for sports. Not so fine for other stuff.
Neither... . not the first pair... I think my father has worn that shape for my entire 27 year existence.  Your face is much better-suited for wayfarers.
could not agree more
Thanks! The first pair are POS. And so are the aviators. haha.I do need to invest in some good sunglasses soon.
Effortless!
I rock pink camo bicycle glasses. Where do those fit in the pantheon? (I fucking love them)
Do you have any photos?
I feel like sunglasses were not designed for asians :(
I dunno, aviators are pretty universal I feel like
It's certainly hard to look bad in aviators.
Not always easy to get a pair though, when you have a severe astigmatism. 
I'll be significantly happier when this latest aviator phase passes. .I'll be equally happy when the current trend towards clunky, chunky eyeglasses disappears into the sunset, too, but that's a different topic.
Oakley has specific Asian fit glasses don't they?
I'm upset they have Asian fit snowboarding goggles but not dirt biking goggles. Sobs!!!
You can't just say something like that and not follow up all...
cursory search on the oakley store reveals: .I believe they have a different shaped nose piece.
Says face shape style is bullshit and a myth..Proceeds to tell the guy his face shape doesn't match the first glasses.
Yeah, not for me. I look fucking ridiculous.
Hard but not impossible, I guess. Do you have an uncommon face shape?
If you've got a Jew nose like me, they look yucky.
What no one else in this thread has touched on is the monopoly/racket of the sunglass market..I can only ask that people stop buying into it so that the problem can be solved. Both glasses and sunglasses are much too expensive. .Not because of their quality or because of "fashion" but because a few companies have set out to exploit people for as much money as they can..What people need to realize is that they can buy "knock offs" that are at least 75% as good as the real thing, but at less than 1/5 of the price of real ones. .But people are so scared of reproduction glasses. .People think "they're cheap because they're crappy". In some cases at the very low end this is true, but factories in china and taiwan have realized there is a market for making very good reproductions at a slightly higher price.
And in a few cases, the real ones are of better quality, but not by much. Definitely not worth the price difference..Some may say "oh but I've seen and felt the $10-$50 glasses at department stores or other optical stores, and the quality is nowhere near the same as real rayban or oakley (both are luxottica)" 
This is because the cheap sunglasses carried in US stores are usually bottom of the barrel, $2 chinese sunglasses that literally cost nothing to make and are actually crappy..Most sunglasses in the US up until about $60 in price are not so great. After $100 the quality is usually decent. This is because of the artificial inflation proliferated by Luxottica and a few other big players in the optics industry..But people have not seen the glasses offered in china and other asian countries, where quality and price is very reasonable, and as you travel up the ladder of price, topping out at about $50, you can get reproduction glasses as good as real ones, almost indistinguishable really..So with this information in mind, I hope your next purchase of glasses will be more informed, and not support the monopoly.
[deleted]
You cannot find good quality fakes? I am not familiar with Chinese department stores, but given the prevalence of high fashion in China I would think it should be easy to find real glasses..Can you not buy stuff from aliexpress or ioffer? What about taobao? Theres a lot of crap on there, but also a lot of good stuff.
[deleted]
That sounds great. Unfortunately I am not in China so my knowledge only covers the online outlets. You could try directly contacting the factories or something, but they might not be so cooperative.
are you familiar with taobao? if you know any stores on there you would recommend... 
That's because this video didn't mention the price of sunglasses
it really should be addressed
Yeah you're right, I just was making a silly jab haha. I think I'll pick up a pair on aliexpress and see how it goes. 
Probably because this is ., not ..
Well yes, but to change these practices people need to be aware. A discussion about a video that promotes name brand sunglasses is a good place to start.
I don't see what I'm supposed to do about it because my only option is to not buy sunglasses at all..Even companies not part of the monopoly (eg: Warby Parker) charge $100 for decent sunglasses and, in my experience, they aren't even as good as Raybans..For example, you talk about these reproduction glasses, but you don't give information on how to buy them.
You go on Aliexpress and Ioffer. The quality of glasses on there ranges from bad to good. Companies in America not part of the monopoly still enjoy charging inflated prices though, such as Maui Jim.and a few others.
So I'm just supposed to spend time and money doing trial and error? Seems like a poor solution to the problem..I mean, like any other product in the world, you pay for a brand because you know what you're going to get..For all the circlejerking about how overpriced brands like Raybans are, I still haven't seen anyone say, "OK, buy this pair of sunglasses. They are just as good and for 50% of the price."
Yes it is trial and error I suppose, but as long as you buy from a seller who has a lot of items and high quality ones, you should be fine. If you read through the comments thread on my original post, you will find several entries into which glasses to buy at much less than 50% of the price..Links:

I agree with 95% of what you are saying: sunglass frames are ridiculously priced compared to how much it costs to make them. HOWEVER, I nevertheless hesitate to buy cheap sunglasses because of the dubious UV protection cheap lenses offer. The possibility of developing glaucoma or worse after decades of cheap sunglasses wear isn't something worth saving a few bucks for. I have a pair of pricy prescription sunglasses, but will/can only wear cheap shades when I'm wearing contacts with UV protection. Just a thought..Edit: sorry cataracts not glaucoma. Also cheap sunglasses are perfectly acceptable while driving as glass windshields effectively filter out most of the UV rays. Source: my optometrist visit earlier this week.
On higher quality reproductions usually the UV protection is very reasonable and comparable to name brand glasses. UV protection and polarization are dirt cheap to do. In my experience, all of my reproductions have satisfactory UV protection. 
"Not available in your country".
Awesome, eye-opening reply thanks! 
eye see what you did there.
But do those sunglasses have rayban engraved into the lens?./thread
In some cases they do. In most cases it is printed on. Who cares about a minor detail like that?
I suppose sarcasm isn't your strong suit.
I 100% agree. Been looking to get some Wayfarer style sunglasses for some time but I don't have the money to spend on Ray-Ban's..Can't find the thread but there was a link to a video promoting . as a great alternative a few weeks ago where the guy specifically went out to create his own Wayfarer style sunglasses with similar quality but without the ridiculous brand price tag. I haven't bought them yet so I cant comment from experience... is their promotion video
Its good there is minor competition, but I sense some deception. Given that he looks like a bro that goes to UCSB, I'm going to assume he knows nothing about injection molding or anything and just wants to make a quick buck..I don't think he is making them himself. I think he is just another middleman/reseller who has ordered thousands fo tr90 frames from china with his logo on them. The bs he says about raising money for molds and samples is hilarious..On the website it even says "designed in california" indicating the glasses are not made there.
high fashion stores charge western prices. you have to go into the local areas and not the laowi stores. and that's tricky because there is a lot of crap. 
Can you point me to some New Wayfarer-styled shades in tortoise with . hinges, heavy acetate, metal prongs within, green lenses, at a sub-$85 price point?
. Also I'm interested, do you know the significance of the metal prongs within the frames? I notice in the photos these don't have them, at least not to the extent of my Ray Bans. I was curious of their function.
I have bought my last two pairs of tortoise new wayfarers with green lenses     (not polarized) on Amazon for $75. Those are real Ray Bans too.

While you got downvoted because you were being an ass, I actually think your point is good and you are right. Quality is expensive. 
yes, quality is not cheap, but the price of name brand sunglasses in the US and europe is heavily inflated due to big corporations essentially fixing the price.
 (I presume you issued this query out of skepticism and polite disagreement, but if this is or is not the case, I mean no ill will).This fulfill your requirements almost entirely, except for the "green lenses"..Sure enough you will probably find something else wrong with it to try and discredit it, but considering . I'd say its a great alternative
Are these actually good though? I mean, I can buy lots of Wayfarers at H&M for like $10, but they are shit quality..Are these of the same quality as Raybans?.(Honest question. I'd love to buy some cheaper sunglasses, but I've always found Raybans to be very high quality.)
Those aren't New Wayfarer. The New Wayfarer has slimmer frames (2132 is the model iirc). ., enough so I may pick up a pair for beaters. They don't have the 7 prong but neither do my genuine ray bans. 
Well, yeah.
OK
Thank you for your thoughtful and well written response. /sarcasm
They just don't do it for me, you can call that whatever you like.
Even though they look identical to Raybans? Im guessing its mostly because you're used to seeing "Rayban" on the side instead of Duco.
Sorry it didn't work out for you, friend.
What didn't work out? I proved my point. However it seems as though you have quite a refined taste in artificially expensive sunglasses.
Have a good night.

I am in shanghai and there are a million local brands at a fraction of the cost of what ray brans would run me but I have no idea which ones I could consider and which ones are crap. please write more on this subject? 
nahh bro beans. I use to work at a sunglass hut. My script was basically everything this guy said in the video.. word for word to be honest. I even agreed with his controversial comment about not restricting your self to shapes that are perpendicular to your facial structure but rather going for more of a personal style. I have shapes varying from the Lennons, to club masters, to way farers, to aviators and just rock all of them.
As for you, we specifically had some Asian fit sunglasses that looked great on people with your nose bridge. Every time an asian person would walk in, I would go grab my "Asian-fit go-to's" (that's what we called our hot sellers, go to's) and ask the customer to try them on. More than often they went with the original ones I showed them.
If you just go into a sunglass hut or any sunglass store really, just ask for Asian fit. It will sound funny but they will know exactly what you're talking about and should be able to accommodate you. 
Why are sunglasses so god damned expensive?!
 is the video you're looking for; it was quite eye-opening.
THIS..
Luxottica is monopoly. Most people haven't even heard of the company because they don't showcase their logo everywhere. If you look on a ray ban sunglass cases, there's a small circular stamp and in fine print it says luxottica. They've done a great job marketing their company with out putting their own name out but the name of their stores and brands.. Oakleys, Rays, Persols, Sunglass hut, Lens Crafters, pearl vision, and et cetera.. Its pretty fucking ridiculous. like . fucking ridiculous. A simple google search will show that this company/brand is probably heard in every household but not by it's name, but the name of its products. They do this, in my opinion, because it helps them not be hated.. Everyone hates monopolies.. they're a monopoly without the general population even knowing who they are.
If I were you, I would find the shape I want and take the business else were. Go to Costco, they have well-priced $25 way farers that are polarized. That's how much a pair of polarized sunglasses should cost! Enough so the seller makes a profit without the customer shitting bricks after they look at the tag. 
They're not really a monopoly, per se. They're just a really large company that owns a lot of brands. Monopoly implies there's no other option. Maybe closer to an oligopoly, but even then, there's plenty of small shops to choose from (or large. See: Costco.)
to a certain degree the structure of your face affects how a pair of glasses looks on it, but I agree there's no set in stone rules. helpful video. 
it affects where the lines should be, but doesn't define what the shape needs to be
GOTTA KEEP IT CASUAL, EFFORTLESS THOSE LOOK CASUAL.
and effortless
Informative info about the bridge fit... but the part about how matching face shape with glasses shape "is not personal style" is crap.  If you want to wear a certain style but they don't flatter your face shape you're going to look ridiculous. .Even at the end the shop owner slipped up when the host tried on his first pair of Wayfarers.  .  Dumb.
I always felt that because of my big head, big sunglasses looked bad. I've been in search for small framed glasses, but they're usually expensive
Heh, I picked up on that too. 
I am living proof of what you just said.
every style of sunglasses i like and think i can pull off i put on and everyone who knows me says they look awful. The sad thing is I can't actually find any pair that suits me regardless if i like them at all or not every time i walk past a sunglasses stand or store i try on numerous different kinds and so far none have looked good on me.
I'd love to find some help

I think the point he was trying to make -- and didn't articulate well -- is that there are no hard and fast rules along the lines of "this face shape suits this style only, that face shape suits that style only" etc. There's more to it than that, including the smaller details beyond overall frame style (colour, frame thickness, bridge). .In the end he did select wayfarers in spite of one particular variety not suiting his face shape. I don't think it was that big of a gaff, the dude just didn't explain it as clear as he could have.
It just felt like they were trying to present this fake attitude about "manly style" and "being a rebel" and "being casual'". They tried way too hard to act like they were beyond the rules of symmetry and shape.
the thought that because I have . faceshape I can never wear rounded glasses or something
Yeah, like someone saying someone can't wear wayfarers because they have an angular face or other popular notions.
SLVDR, Levi's 510 pants, LunarGrands 
I know the angle doesn't quite help... 
I just got black pants so I've started experimenting a bit with them in mostly monochrome fits. Idk what I'm doing to be honest..edit: I know the pics are bad to determine whether the fit is good or not, I'm looking for outfit feedback, mostly..edit 2: .white tank: H&M.black shirt: H&M.Pants: pinrolled skinny chinos from Hawkings McGill.Shoes: Nike Roshe Run
what pants are those?
skinny chinos by Hawkings McGill. I got them at Urban Outfitters
thanks
cool, the tee layering sells it
nice
looks cool, what pants?
Thanks. They're skinny chinos by Hawkings McGill that I got at Urban Outfitters.
roshes done right
I just bought this suit and was wondering if it fit me properly (sorry about phone quality).I am slightly worried about the way it pulls at the buttons on the front when I stand normally, although the next size up was really baggy and still pulled at the buttons (I think it's because my hips are really wide)
Hi!.Indeed the pulling at the jacket is a problem and indicative of a bad fit across the chest. The shoulders of this jacket are just about right so sizing up would be a mistake (as you've tried yourself!). Unfortunately not all cuts are made for all people and this model is not perfect for you..The problems with the tightness across the jacket may be exacerbated or even caused by the apparent posture problems you exhibit. You seem to have a case of . (don't worry, it's very common and often a result of sitting a computer too much!) where your hips tilt forwards forcing your stomach to extend forwards, your spine to curve forwards and your shoulder blades to curve over. Bad posture can be difficult to correct for in a suit jacket and may be making things worse here. . has some helpful posture correcting information if you're interested, but it may also be worth trying for different brands/suits that have a less tight fit across the chest..Aside from that the trousers need to be shortened and the cuffs probably a little too. Your shirt cuffs should be visible beneath the sleeves of your jacket but here I think the shirt arms are too short and the jacket slightly too long. Both are minor corrections any tailor can make.
 is better
Oh yeah, that's what I meant to suggest!
Wow, thanks for the info, I hadn't realised my posture was so wrong. I think I will look in to correcting it and keeping the suit as I can stand in what feels like an awkward position and the pulling at the front disappears completely.
I would tend to say the pants are too long. Just needs a simple hem. You see the way they jut out above your ankles? That is more than a 'full break' .. 
Been losing weight recently and decided to treat myself to a new Levis jacket-.-.
-.The rest of my outfit isn't too spectacular, but it's all I have right now.Jacket-Levis.Jeans- Arizona slim taper.Shirt- Old Navy.Shoes- H&M suede chucka
Those jeans fit perfectly.
Million times better without the jacket. 
Everything fits well as it is right now which is good for you. Lose the jacket though.
Outfit for mini golf:.J. Crew/ Topman/ CP Achilles
Link the fit?
its good. i think i'd like it better with the collar buttoned down though
I like the pants a lot. A lot, a lot. I'll be looking into them. I don't like that you matched the shirt with the cuff, though, and I think you could choose darker shoes to accent the cuff because its pretty unique, at least to me. Just my opinion. The fit is good though. 
the pants are awesome. agreed. the shoes could be like a nice light brown and I think it would be kind of perfect. 
Whoops, I thought it appeared. Try now.
hard to see how they fit but i at least like the style and colors
Running around town. I changed the shoes. 
Looks great but I'm not really digging the shoes in this fit. I think white sneakers would work better here since you're top and bottom is of bright colours. 
Thanks for the feedback. That's what I changed into. 
a nice basic fit.   I wouldn't wear that bright of a shirt, and I prefer my shorts to be shorter and have smaller openings, but if this matches your style wear it!
Thanks for feedback. I was actually thinking of making a post regarding this. It seems I am drawn towards louder clothing. However, I did have a more subdued shirt on, but realized it was stained. .These shorts hit just at my kneecap. Which I'm fine with. Could see maybe slightly tapered. 
Greetings and how am I doing all?
harrington jacket might be 1 size too large. the shoulder seam is hanging way off.otherwise the fit is pretty solid. looks to be a solid f/w outfit
Thanks for the feedback, and how does the plaid fit ? Is it too long to be worn untucked?
length is fine. as far as i can tell the plaid fits fine
I bought these mainly for college. I bought the dress shirt and tie for a wedding coming up/formal ware for college or whatnot. I am not wearing any shoes because I currently don't have any new shoes, I am using my old running shoes. I bought most all of these at Old Navy, except for the dress shirt I bought at Target and the purple stripped shirt I bought at like, TJ Maxx or something. 
the first three are good, but past that everything is too baggy, especially the pants
I have to disagree with the previous poster about things being too baggy. Here's my critique..I hadn't thought of this until just now, but make sure you are wearing your pants at the point they are designed for (depending on their rise). It may be causing that weird wrinkling around the waist.
Alright. Thank you. I'll look into some different sizes and now what I know what I need, I am no longer limited to just in-store shopping! 
Okay. What are the tell-tale signs they are too baggy? 
the fabric bunching up at places, such as the knees and ankles on your chinos, as well as the general formlessness/boxiness create the unflattering baggy look.  if I only saw your last pictures I would've guessed you were fairly overweight
Okay. Thank you very much. 

Getting around town in Australian winter.  Pants too tight at the bottom?  Been lurking on this sub for a while, but first post. 
They do look a little tight, it doesn't really detract from the outfit though. (not from this angle anyway). Is it comfortable enough?
To go to a swap meet. Don't know what to wear with Seersucker :/. TShirt pulled up to show belt. .With Sperrys most likely. 
I was thinking about picking up this jacket, was hoping for a fit check. .EDIT: Sorry for the quality, also, when I took this picture my intentions weren't a fit check. So it might be hard to tell.
Damn, nice fit dude. I still want a trucker jacket so badly, but I'm going to wait until it gets a little cooler. 
fit is A+
Thank you very much! Now time to go pick it up!
I looks great, I think if you size down it will be too tight and if you size up it will be too big. 
thats logical

only small critique I have though is the size of the opening on the shorts, but in all honesty most people probably wouldn't evan notice
yeah I noticed it looks like it awkwardly gapes open but its not that bad whilst walking and sitting down. 
 worn to church (where I played drums, which is why everything is wrinkly haha). What do you guys think? Would this be too formal to wear to school? How's the fit on the shirt? I know the sleeves are a little too wide. 
Not too formal, just on the prep style side. Looks good, the blue works with the red shorts. 
I live in the south and am upperclass so that's pretty much the only accepted fashion around here with my peers. i kinda hate the air that preppy styling gives off, which is why i try to stay conservative (these shorts are the brightest shorts i own and i think they're pretty subdued).
Sorry for the dirty mirror, but how do these unbranded chinos fit?  These are before getting hemmed thats why they are rolled up the way they are..
.

Fit on the pants looks fine to me. 
What shoes are those?
Looks like 
Yeah these are from Jcrew.  I just swapped out the lacecs for leather ones.
The shirts a bit tacky with all the detailing but the fit of pants and shrit from what i can tell is spot on so you got the hardest part down. 
Long time lurker. Casual day in .Recently lost about 10 pounds due to surgery, so clothes may be a little bit looser than they usually are..Edit: 2 upvotes, but could you guys comment what you're thinking? Even if it's all positive
The length on the shorts is good, but the leg openings are really wide.
What are brands of shorts that typically have smaller openings? Those are macy's club room

Shorts look fine, but that's a very immature top.  It's halfway between shawl collar and hoodie, and that branding is atrocious.
I think the sweatshirt is a size too large. Also I wouldn't wear a shirt with a collar under it. 
went out with some friends for a birthday dinner wearing .. Wearing Levi's 510, 1901 Caseys, H&M basic white tee
Everything fits really well, and it's a nice, basic outfit. I don't really like that belt-tuck thing you're doing, though. Also, I feel like wingtips (although they're fairly casual as far as shoes go) are still a bit too formal to wear with a white tee and jeans. Sneakers would've been better IMO.
yea the belt tuck thing was just for the pic lol but i see your point on the wingtips. i'll keep that in mind ty

Really good. The jeans look a bit tight in the crotch (I see a bit of moose-knuckling) but they still look pretty good. The white t-shirt lets the shoes be the focal point of the outfit which I really like. Good job.
lol hopefully theyll stretch more, thanks! 
I think the fit is very nice, but personally i cant stand the sneakers...
haha i love nike hightops but to each his own. I don't really see the universal love that MFA has for the killshots though.
personally I'd just untuck your jeans from the tongues of those AF1's, never thought it worked as well as with dunks or air jordan 1's
okay i'll try that, I need a pair of dunks haha been eyeing these jays down though 
yeah those are cool, I personally prefer the 
are these skinny jeans too skinny.thanks
I'd say they are a little too skinny. 
They look fine to me. Are they uncomfortable for you?
depends on the look you're going for. Most people will see them as being hipster-ish, and that's fine if that's what you want. 
Not at all, they're a small percentage spandex or whatever so they're actually extremely comfortable. But I wore them in a fitcheck before and someone said they looked strangely tight.
Long time lurker, first time poster, here. After the realisation that almost none of my clothes fit properly, I'm planning to rebuild my wardrobe piece by piece..I figured I'd start out with jeans. Can I get some feedback on the fit of ., please? I've read the fit guides a few times over but still don't feel 100% confident yet :) I've got a feeling they might be slightly on the long side? Sorry the photos aren't great - there wasn't much light..Thanks!
looks pretty good. if you think they're long they could hem them, but i personally would try cuffing them once, see how that goes.
You might try 513 and 508, as well -- they fit similarly to a 501 up top, but with a slimmer lower leg. 511s are for people with chicken legs, but try them if you want..Those 501s look good though. 505s are similar to 501 if you want something only slightly different, and 514s are a little slimmer with a lower rise..Tangentially related, blue sneakers with blue jeans look weird to me. It's best if your footwear is a different color from your pants.
What shoes are you wearing? Whered you get them?
The shoes aren't anything fancy - I got them cheap in Topman here in the UK. Brand appears to be ., if that's any use.
Thanks!
They look fine, maybe a little long, but I'm pretty sure you'd look a lot better in a pair of 511's or another pair of jeans with a slimmer cut, if you were comfortable with that.
not 511s with his thighs filling the 501s like that. maybe 508
This is all really useful, thanks! I'll have a play with some 513s and 508s and see how I feel in them. 511s definitely aren't for me based on what you're saying..Re. the shoes - I almost apologised for them in my original comment, but was worried it was getting too lengthy. I'd definitely never wear those ones with blue jeans; I was wearing something different on the day I tried them on :)
Yeah don't worry about it, blue vans would even work fine with jeans that are more greyish or black.
Still trying to figure how I should wear these shoes.
I like the colors. The shorts could use some more taper. 
I think those shoes would look alright with jeans or olive chinos.
Trying on some sunglasses.... 
.Medium and large.. Is there one that particularly fits my face shape better? Trying to find some alternatives to the official wayfarers which are unfortunately out of my budget. .Thanks.
Hm, I think they're slightly big. They seem like they're falling off your nose and the side of your face. You can try finding Wayfarer knockoffs for cheap at Costco or Knockarounds. There's a bunch of companies that make them.
Large is definitely too big for your face. Your nose isn't centered in the bridge. See the space to the right of your nose in picture #2? 
Hard to tell from the pics, but both seem slightly too large for your face. How do they feel?
Is my face shape "round" or "oval"?.I was under the impression my face was round so I was getting the blockiest glasses I could find. They feel okay, but I bump up against the rims of the glasses with my cheeks when I smile.
Honestly, I think that face shape only matters when someone's face is really square or really round, but that topic has been pretty controversial lately. 
As long as the glasses are comfortable, I think either one looks fine.

Mind me asking what pants those are?
a bit too far away to say anything for sure, but it looks like things look pretty good.  I've been converted to the mindset that roshes don't work in this situation, but if they fit with your style wear them.
I don't like the roshes in this fit tbh. The rest of the outfit looks fine. I think I'd roll the sleeves up one more to sit just above the elbow, it looks slightly weird since it's just sitting there.
cool stacks, fit on jeans is nice
just black h&m jeans, cuffed at the bottom to acheive maxx staxx
completely new outfit.with cardigan rolled up: .with cardigan not rolled up: .without cardigan: 
Don't roll the sleeves up on a sweater, because it stretches out the material. If you need to, you can push the sleeves up. 
Pants are way too long. Fits well in the thigh but needs to be tapered below the knee. .The ocbd fits well in the shoulders and appears to fit throughout the body but your sleeve roll needs some work. Look at hooplahs guide. It's an infographic top of mfa. 
Also where is hooplah's guide I remember it but I don't know where it is.  It isn't at the top of mfa or the top of the sidebar.
Here's a crappy photo that looks funny but without sleeves rolled: .
(then I made another one that looks better)
I don't know why my sleeve rolls are so bad.
sleeves are actually a bit long when unrolled so just wear it rolled. and here it is. 
Ok so that is how I do my rolling so I don't know what I did wrong.  Maybe I just did it a little sloppily.
Oh sorry the cardigan I just pushed them up, I didn't actually formally roll them like a button down.
Should I keep this UNIQLO Cordlane Jacket ($30)?.Needs tailoring, definitely in the sleeves, but thoughts?
i'd probably return. you seem to be in between sizes. the shoulders are too small on the jacket, and the armholes are kinda low. on the other side the sleeves are too long.
try going down one size.  maybe it's just the angle, but it looks like you're going to a high school dance in your dad's jacket.
Might be the angle, or I might be in between sizes here. Just for reference, the length goes to cover 3/4 of my ass, though the sleeves really do extend past my wrist; Small is too small in the chest and shoulders.
the chest and shoulder fit is the most important off the rack, because those are the most difficult to tailor.  If I were you I'd definitely shorten it, because shorter and unstructured is definitely in style right now for blazers.  Unless I'm mistaken, I have that same one just in navy, and it is one of my favorite summer tops.
just gotta hope I have the nerve to try out such a light summer fit one day..thanks for the input man, much appreciated
[deleted]
looks pretty good
[deleted]
Shirt fit is good, however the pants need some work. They are stacking on the knees and around the ankles. Pull the bottoms down and fold/cuff the extra and it will look a lot cleaner..Your belt looks a little tight and too big. Not sure if belt or just waist of pants, but it is making your thighs look huge..Shoes look to informal compared to rest of outfit but can't really see them.
cool thanks for the input!
shoes were 
 this shirt I got a month ago. Also shorts.

.
Just one of my favourite daily attires.
I think the scarf takes away from the outfit. Honestly, if it's not cold enough for a winter coat, it's not cold enough for a scarf. 
It might be an old photo that he never put in any winter WaYWT's

H&m Henley, Levi's 510 rigid dragon, clarks dessert boots in red oak leather  
Been looking into either those rigid dragon or rigid sea dragon. Is there anyway I can't get a detailed pic of those jeans?
I love it. 
I got the 511 rigid sea dragon and love em. Highly recommend. 
Anyway I can get a detailed pic?
Yeah sure.  I'm out right now, but as soon as I get home I'll take a couple. 
thanks man! just not sure weather to pull the plug on those Rigid dragons that i saw on . or the sea dragons which appear a little blue-er.
No problem. I think besides the color the rigid dragon might be a bit elastane. Also the stitching is white on the sea dragon.  I've only had my sea dragons a week, but they're great. Started out pretty tight but they've loosened up just enough to be comfortable. Apparently they'll fade as time goes on too if you treat them like raws. So that's the plan. Also both bleed, so be careful.
thanks that helps.
Those boots are delicious.
browse . and search for them. theres a couple pairs there.
Okay thanks.
Everything fits fine, but I'm not liking the navy on indigo with the tee and jeans. The boots look great though!
Learning how to tailor shirts. First project:. . .How does it look? 
The untailored shirt is totally a George Michael Bluth outfit
try hemming sleeves 2 inches higher
It looks pretty big, but the sleeves flair out pretty badly still. 
Yeah the shoulders don't hit right as its a size too big, but it was $2 at the thrift store and I liked the pattern so I bought it to mess around with. Also I didn't make it super slim as I feel it more as a hot weather shirt so I left it looser. Should I slim the sleeves more? 
I would, but that is personal preference. It doesn't look bad as of now though. 
I don't have the biceps for that lol 
nor do you for where they're at. pin it up at least and consider it
I'll check later and see how it looks 
It looks a lot better! Nice work!
Woah I need to learn how to do this. any guides?
Sidebar, and there's one by Steu something in . 
This shirt reminds me of the one the character from the beginning of Pulp Fiction.  Anyways, nice work man!
I wouldn't make it any smaller but I would bring the sleeves in more. Good work though
The collars look pretty dated.
Yeah, looks like a 70's style collar
If you reduce the flair on the sleeves and then make the shirt a little bit smaller it should look ok. 
Don't show off the belt..Those shorts are easy to work with IMO. Make it preppy, so button ups and polos are good options. .Yellow/pink/white/mint/orange/purple are pretty good options.
What he said and keep the color light or pastel.  Saturated color won't work. .EDIT: Redundancy removed.  
Thanks for reiterating that for me.
You're right, fixed. 
pants are much too big and the shirt doesn't fit well. Also i think the cardigan seems too tight. colors seem solid though.
Ok so the pants were flaring in the size down so what should I do at that point?
maybe go same size in a less relaxed cut? and hit the gym!
What would be less relaxed (these are Gap 1969s which I heard were good  in taper)?  Also yeah I am trying to loose weight and hit the gym but I can't just do that and do it quickly so I am trying to do stuff now which will help me for the moment.
If you are serious about hitting the gym then put up with the clothes you have for now because anything new you buy will not fit you in a months time. Trust me. A big help for me was . and also ., when you combine them 2 with this subreddit you create magic.
I don't know any specific models or brands. Just try stuff on. Look st the how clothes should fit section in the sidebar 
501s are ok. you could go slimmer though
OK, thanks for the feedback! Any idea which other fits I could try? I was thinking 511 but there's a comment below saying that my thighs could be an issue!
I would suggest 508 or 513
Does this khaki jacket work with these light grey chinos? What about the camel tassel loafers/belt? I'm just trying to figure out what I can wear with these shoes and jacket I just thrifted. I think my burgundy loafers/belt might look better, or maybe a light khaki/cream colored chino.
.

I really like this outfit. Putting it into memory to copy later. 
From what I can see this looks good. The options you list would also look good (except for khaki-on-khaki), but this works for me..The most difficult part is the strong purple top but from this limited perspective it's nice.
It's actually a maroon, but prob hard to tell from the horrible pictures. So a light khaki (almost white) couldn't be worn with the jacket? 
Like this: 
That would look just fine
Awesome, thanks for your help
I need some opinions on a few . I tried on yesterday. .I've recently lost some weight (I have about 9 lbs. to go until I reach my goal) and wanted to update my style for f/w. This led me to trying a few different cuts on at the store: 508, 514, and 513 all in 34x30 (up until I lost weight I usually wore 36x30). I think the 508s fit me best, but still they didn't look too flattering. The main problems I can see are that the 514 and 513 fit tightly in the thighs (I have big thighs, about 24") and all of them are a bit long on me. I plan on wearing them cuffed so I don't think I need to worry about it though..What do you guys think of the fit and which cut suits me best? Would increasing the waist size to a 36 look better? What's there to do for a guy with bigger thighs? Anything else I should worry about? .Thanks in advanced!
I think the 514 fits the best but you'd have to get them hemmed, the stacks are bulging out and ruining the silhouette. Also keep in mind that cuffs can only go so far, super tall cuffs look silly and cuffing short over and over, again, ruins the silhouette. The 513s totally work too, but I think if you got the 514s hemmed to the right height they would be .. Good luck!
I don't think the 513s are too tight in the thigh, from the look of it, but it's about what you're comfortable with. My first thought when I saw the 508s from the side was that they fit you basically perfectly, thought they look baggy in the thigh, especially the lower thigh. I think the 513s are the most flattering, though none of them are really . flattering imo. I'm in the same situation as you and don't quite know what to do about it myself. 
513 looks the best IMO. .the 508 flaring in the thighs and the stacks look wonky as fuck..514 is too long and too loose. The stacks looks even worse. Definite no..the 513 fits in the thighs, tapered in the calves and the stacks are much better than the last 2. 
Thanks for the critique. Would sizing down to a 33x30 help the 508s or should I just give up on them?
If in the 508 it fits in the waist in the picture you posted, then dont bother sizing down and just go with the 513. if you can size down the waist give it a shot. 
I have one pair of 508s and I found that sizing down helps.
That shirt is pretty bad, it fits very poorly, it has double pockets and epaulettes too... Paired with preppy colorful shorts is a bad combo.
Time for a seam ripper! 
you won't be able to remove the epaulets without making a hole where the sleeve meets the shoulder
So is it a bad enough shirt that it's not worth tailoring?
It looks like a rumpled mess. Looks like cheap thin material that's overly designed with pockets and such. .My advice is to stick with the well-known casual shirts that stand the test of time. .Chambray cotton work shirt for pockets and casualness. Very comfortable. Great in hot weather. .Oxford cotton for a clean tucked or untucked casual look. One pocket only, and buttons on the collars.
Roll up the sleeves. These look okay rumpled because the material is thick enough to handle it. .Mesh cotton polo shirt. For hot short sleeve weather. Mainly outdoors. .Thick flannel cotton in a plaid pattern. A shirt for cold days. Very rugged. .White poplin or broadcloth dress shirt with a spread collar. No pockets or collar buttons. This is for dressier events. Always tucked. Must be ironed. Goes with a tie. .A lot of shirts on the market are their own inventions. You'll see epaulets, front seams, pockets of all sorts, and material blends of polyester. Research and wear the original shirts before experimenting with these Frankenstein shirts. 
yep.
I think so. 
Casual Sunday.Denim Jacket, Chinos - J Crew.Shirt - Thomas Mason for J Crew.Sneakers - Nike.Sunglasses - Persol Steve McQueens.Messenger Bag - Jack Spade
First thing i thought was: "Daaammn, that's nice."
kind of hard to see the shirt well in the lighting but everything seems to fit and match perfectly. Sick half beard also! 
Thanks!
Great outfit. Not sure if it's just my preference, but it seems loose in the calf.
Ya they're pretty loose. Not sure why, maybe cause they're a 30" inseam and they make all pants one length and then cut them down. That's my guess at least.
Very loose in the calves. It looks like they'd float as he walks.  

Man I wish I could afford Cabourn.... Poverty sucks. 
Really like these
So do I. 
I rather like the second one. Also I think I know the dressing room in that one, Nordstrom on Michigan?
Yup
why is it hypothetical, this is some basic ish.i mean it looks good but its not like ur revolutionizing the game.btw did the chicago meetup ever take place???
it did, sad you weren't there. hypothetical cause it was all dressing room stuff (did get the black jeans though). 
bummer, what day was it? would've only been available friday night
Yesterday.
That jacket is dope. What is it?
Not sure the exact model but its Cabourn. 
Thank you
I particularly like #2. The way the sleeve reacts to the tightened cuff of the shirt created a kind of stacking effect on the sleeve. Wearing that with some stacked denim would be sweet..What brand is it? Looks pricey.
Rag and bones. Ended up not getting, partially due to price and largely because the armhole were terribly low. 
good choice on the not getting. rag & bone is generally considered among the tiers of "Not Worth It".
both are good
Your jacket looks like it's a size too big for you but without the jacket everything fits.
Night out with my lady in beautiful Metro Detroit. 
Polo/JCP/Sperry
Pants are too short. If you cuff the pants, it would look more like a stylistic choice than a mistake that.
I like the sunglasses, good look
You need to see the . Detroit.
I'd like to see a cuff but honestly that's a super nitpicky thing and really this is a great example of basics done right. Nice job.
Is that Woodward? The dream cruise people already being out pisses me off so much. Like what is there to see weeks away from the event!?  .In other news haha, nice fit on everything. Maybe a little smaller shirt would be better. But As a bigger guy myself I get why you'd want a more relaxed fit. 
I really enjoy those Sperrys dude. Big ups!
Pants are definitely too short, but a nice fit nonetheless.
Yeah its Woodward. And there were people sitting in lawn chairs by where I was. I've lived here my whole life and the fascination with the dream cruise never ceases to amaze me.
Me too me too. My parents office is on Woodward and it causes so many problems for them for like 2 weeks. 
Solid basic fit. pants could be a bit longer or cuff and do the sockless look.
Yes, tell them same length around and up to where you part.
Not necessarily.  My cut is similar, and my barber tailors my cut specifically for which way my hair parts, thus the sides differ a bit to either accommodate the part, or hair combed over to that side.
I have always wondered if this sort of haircut would look good on me but I have never had the balls to try it.
Its hair it will grow back. Do it.
Tried it but with a shorter cut up top, honestly a great decision. Any good barber can make it work if they fade it well and layer it well.
still skeptical about it unfortunately as i don't really have that thinner face with a defined jaw i just don't know if it will work for my face
I have a sharper defined jaw and a thinner face, so I guess I have the features.. But I have a friend who has something similar except brushed back instead of to the side and his features are "thicker" and more round and I think IMO it looks great. Work your way into if you really want it.
ill give it a go its not like its permanent .thanks man!
Honestly just go talk to a barber. They will make it look awesome, of course if you talk to a good barber you'll leave with a great cut. 
Yeah, same here. Just gonna go for it this time.
good on you man have more balls than me :)
Haha. Thanks man
Tell them you want the "look like a dick" cut and it'll work out fine.
Just to be sure, the part is the horizontal 'line' between the top and side of the hair,  right?
Correct. You see where the very short side meets the long top? That's your part.
Ahh, alright. Thanks.
Just bring the picture to a barber and tell them to blend the sides into the top (this way, the cut won't look as extreme).  A good barber will be able to accomodate it to your face/head shape. 
lets hope so cos i really dont think i have the right face for it
Just to be sure as well, how about the back? Is it the same length as the sides, with the part being a level horizontal line around three-quarters of the head?
If you get, let's say, a three all around, you're going to get a three on the back as well. Tell them you would like the back blended into the top do its not as distinct a change as the sides are, OR you could just tell them three all around and the back will come out looking fine. Another option would be taking in this image, but I do understand it may be a tad awkward. To wrap this all up, tell them the number you want on the sides, take it up to where you part, BLEND the side where the comb over finishes (let's you you part from the right, blend the left side so it's not choppy), and lastly- DO take that number you get on the sides to the back. It'll look uniform! 
I've actually wanted this exact style before, but I feel that I don't know how to style it properly. Any advice for after the cut to achieve the desired look and texture? .Sorry for hijacking this ha. 
I have a haircut very similar to his and have experimented with different products. I would use .. It leaves a matte finish so it doesn't make you look like a greaseball and had the perfect hold for the length of his haircut. Also if you want you can layer . on top of it to give it more volume.
American Crew Wax and hand combing. I've had similar and achieved the look with that combo. Maybe a thick comb if you want it less messy.
first comb it into the desired direction and then use a thick comb or your hands to go over it again. I'm cheap and don't want to spend money on american crew wax so I use a little bit of moisturizer or conditioner as a substitute and it works fairly well. 
Thanks! I've been using Gauge for men, which is more of a paste with less shine, but I stopped after I started getting pimples on a daily basis along my forehead. 
Yeah I used to break out around my face when I had shaggy hair and used axe paste. A pomade or wax, depending on your style will do you wonders. American Crew is my favorite. 
First off, congrats on the weight loss man! The dedication is awesome and I hope you are excited for what lies ahead..Fortunately, college is one of the places where it's ok to be a little frumpy. My advice is to honestly just go to your local sports store and raid the clearance rack. Get some sweats, gym shorts, and dry-fit shirts. .If you're big, there's not really going to be much to hide it. Aside from some nice items for going out or formal events, I would default to athletic wear. It will be comfortable, still useable as you continue to get in shape, and it will keep you in the gym mindset. .Fashion is all about stating your identity, and you want to be fit, so go that route! .Good luck! 
I went from 285 to (currently) 217, at 6'1". Keep it up man, it's a helluva ride. 
A little update, I went clothes shopping today, got about 3 outfits that work for now, and (even though I look like captain America, and don't have my better shoes on right now) this is probably my favorite shot of myself thus far: 
I just want to say that regardless of any advice here that you take (and there's a lot of great advice,) at college:.Someone will always dress better than you. 
A lot of people dress about as badly as is literally possible. 
No matter how you dress, someone will hate it. 
If you put in just a little bit of effort someone will notice and appreciate it. .For all its fashion and stylistic flaws, college is a great place to experiment with your style, because you can be assured there are people around you on a daily basis who dress WAY worse than you, and that there are people around you on a daily basis who WILL like what you're doing. Not all of them, but statistically, some definitely will. 
You could always try going to a thrift shop while you're still losing weight and pick up some basics for cheap to last until you're happy with your your weight and begin to invest in more expensive clothes.
Firstly: Congratulations on your work so far. Shedding weight is not easy and to drop as much as you have is a remarkable achievement that displays tremendous courage, willpower and effort. Keep up the good work, those last few pounds feel like the hardest to lose!.As for my advice: Maybe buy some really cheap interim clothes. You don't need to worry about durability or longevity because hopefully you will only be wearing them for a month or two before moving onto smaller clothing. Walmart has some decent looking super cheap tees. Wearing better fitting clothes will give you a nice boost in confidence: finally get to see some hard results via your better fitting clothes! Plus you will have a new gauge for your weight loss when you notice yourself shrinking out of your new clothes. And, if you happen to slip up and put on any weight it won't be hidden by your overly large clothing and you can make sure to stay the course. The new clothes will have this added measuring stick value..Good luck!
Congrats on the progress man. I went through a similar phase after I quit football and kept the eating habits, and I'm back down again. This fortunately makes me almost exactly you in terms of body structure, so here are my tips:.I'd grab some XL shirts from Uniqlo. Figure out what colors of blank t-shirts you have, and grab two or three different ones. They fit pretty loose, just make sure you grab the dry-packaged kind, they're cheaper ($6) and have a loose fit that works perfect with me. Stick with the basics, white, gray, black, navy, and maybe a red or purple. I'd grab as much of these as you want, they're cheap and a staple. .As for jeans, if you have huge legs from your time carrying around that load (I'm here with 38" thighs...) look to grab a pair or two of jeans. I know they're not a favorite here, but American Eagle relaxed fit have room for big legs, they look nice, and they have back to school specials all the time. .After this, you should be back about $75-$80, and you have to grab some shoes and a little more dressy stuff. .If those American Eagle jeans are good for your leg size, grab a pair of dark brown khakis there too. If they fit okay, maybe try one of the brands that get plugged around here, alpha khakis or something?.Then, my suggestion would be to snag a Uniqlo OCBD, as they fit pretty awesome (XL) on bigger guys. They also drop down to like $20 occasionally, but they're still only $30. I'd suggest a white or light blue. .After that, if you want to add a little wrinkle or two to your wardrobe, cardigans do wonders for us bigger guys. I don't like Uniqlos, but I've had good luck at Gap by sizing up (XXL). Grab a gray one, and if you're feeling adventurous, a navy one. .For shoes, swing by a Marshalls or Gabriel Brothers and grab a pair of cheap boat shoes (I know it's a little overplayed but they work in a pinch) and maybe a pair of sneakers. Footwear is very personal in my opinion, and do whatever fits you best. .Take all of this advice as close to 5 weeks from now as you can. You want your clothes to fit you for as long as they can. 228 is a little more than I am, so don't be discouraged if these things don't fit, they will in time. .Other general life tips: .Keep your confidence up. College is a big change, and it can either be a huge boost to your self-confidence, or can crush you. Get involved (can't emphasis this enough), keep focused on your goals (weight loss, grades, looking nice), and keep in touch with people who believe in you. That means call mom or dad or best friend up once in a while and be yourself, because they love you. .And a little advice on weight loss, especially going into college; don't make it your number one concern. Stay focused, stay dedicated, but allow yourself flexibility. If you and your buds want to grab pizza, grab pizza, and enjoy life in your college years. .Good luck friend. 
Oh my god, dude... you are a gigantic help, and a great person. .I love the internet and the people in it 
The trick is to take it slow. You're doing a total reinvention of yourself, so don't rush, because you'll run the chance of not liking the finished product..Focus first on continuing to work out and lose weight. The most important thing to looking good is your physical health, as that leads to confidence. Try to become comfortable with yourself. Take a look at ., but don't let the constant brofest get to you there if you're not looking at putting on a lot of muscle. Set a goal for yourself and don't be satisfied with anything other than that goal..For clothing, stick to very cheap, short-term basics for now (H&M, target, etc). Your body is still changing, and you don't know what your final size is going to settle at. Thus, don't spend a lot of money on clothes that might not fit in a few months. Take it easy and flesh out your own style. Thrift. Try new things..Most importantly, don't forget that there's more than physical appearance. Be a genuine person and care about others. Try new activities and focus on meeting people. Go out to parties and get to know others. Have long conversations with people you'll never meet again. And most of all, have fun..Good luck!
Yeah, I suppose thats my only option at this point is to take it slow. I've upped the amount of times I go to the gym from 5 times a week to 7 now, and I'm definitely going to start meeting some new people because the college I'm attending is about 800 miles away! .Thanks man, have yourself a great day!
don't forget to let your muscles rest though
Yeah I'm doing 4 days of 2 hour cardio and 3 days of 30 minute cardio and 1 hour weight training staggered 
I'd keep losing weight and working out as hard as I could and wouldnt buy shit until like a week before school, and then I would buy a super minimall cheap warodobe. .I'm talking like 1 or 2 pairs of shorts, 1 pair of pants, and like 7 shirts a mix of plain t shirts, henleys, polos, button ups (whatever you like)  Do laundry every week if some freak event comes up where you need more (it probably wont unless you rush a frat or something first semester) buy it then or borrow from someone in your dorm.  .Keep losing weight at school and slowly add to the wardobe with clothes for fall winter as it get closer.  BUY SLOW
Best advice in the thread. Don't blow money yet, but if you do make sure to keep it cheap and versatile, as a fore mentioned. 
Wait another 3.5 weeks before you spend any money. Then buy just a few cheap items that fit well. College freshman at state schools don't dress all that well so you won't be out of place. .One tip: Don't wear your keys around your neck
Wearing your lanyard that was given to you during orientation around your neck around school is the easiest way to distinguish yourself as a freshman!
if you're still losing weight, then dont buy clothes until you're closer to your goal weight. however, if you need clothes to go back to school in, check out places where you can get cheap stuff, like h&m, uniqlo, etc.
Yeah I'm stuck in between a rock and a hard place...
Either I buy new clothes now for my 6/10 body or I wait until I get up to about a 7 or an 8 while still wearing my old clothes haha
I think this is why Americans are so poorly dressed. Most of them are overweight and trying to lose weight, so they don't want to invest a lot in clothes until they just lose 30 pounds, or those last 10 pounds, or whatever the case may be. But of course, that weight loss rarely goes according to plan, or if it does, it usually comes back pretty quick. So most guys are stuck putting fashion on hold indefinitely. And when you're gaining weight it's even worse. Nobody is going to splurge on nice new clothes to celebrate their new 36" waistline when last season they were 32".
Buy a good pair of in-between clothes.  Since you're in the process of losing weight you don't want to invest a ton of money on clothes right now but you should still want to make a good first impression on your new school.  Best of luck!
You don't have to buy new clothes. Thrift shops are your friend. 1, you're still losing weight and you'll need new clothes after you lose more, so thrift shopping won't break your bank, and 2. you can try out any and every kind of look if you're consistent with your browsing. It's a great way to find different styles and looks without dropping insidious amounts of money. 
In my opinion, a watch face doesn't necessarily need to "match" with the rest of your outfit. My watch has a bright orange face and it's pretty well-received by everyone. .That being said, maybe try to complement the band, because that shade of brown can clash. I wouldn't worry too much about the face (within reason). 
This would be a nice accent to a white dress shirt; or red plaid.
Clothes. Or a hat.
Nothing. There's nothing you can wear it with. You'll just have to give it to me..On a real note. Think beach. Perhaps a Lacoste shirt and some Malkin Toad shorts. Santa Monica style.
Look into switching out the strap/band. Try opting for a metal one if possible. Switching to metal will allow you to wear it in formal conditions with a splash of informality. I would also get a black strap if wearing as an every day watch.
Seriously? Leather band, neat face. Will work with anything.
anything casual you would normally wear
What exactly is "vintage" about it?
Because it's from the 1950s to 1960s..EDIT: Was actually made in that era, not modeled after, to be more clear.
Oooh, okay. I was actually asking (not being condescending) because it doesn't look all that old and the term "vintage" gets thrown around quite freely these days. Very cool watch though!
thanks!
It's a watch. Wardrobes aren't built around watches.
The hell they aren't.
Maybe a geiger counter so you know when your wrist has been irradiated enough.
Seconded, vintage watches have been known to use radium to make them glow in the dark.  I would seriously get that checked out before using it.  
No worries here. The lume in the hands is one of . three things, first a more modern zinc sulfide formula which is harmless, potentially an older set of tritium hands which will have well decayed to harmless levels by now, or a very well preserved set of new old stock radium lumed hands that was mounted to the watch. There's no evidence of any lume on the dial, so no risk there at all. The lume on the hands doesn't look like radium lume to me, it just has the wrong color, and this particular watch was made when we understood the risks of radium and were in the process of phasing it out of use on wristwatches, so I'm very inclined to believe it's harmless. .In any case, if we assume worst case scenario and that it was radium lume, it still wouldn't be a danger. Unless the OP decided to wear it without the crystal installed 24/7 in his underwear. Or lick the hands. The radiation emitted by these old watches is weak enough that most of it is actually blocked and absorbed by the plastic crystal on the watch, and then what escapes that doesn't make it past a few feet in the air. Nothing would make it through the backside of the watch through several layers of metal. Assuming the watch is worn normally like a watch, an average person wouldn't ever have problems due to the radiation. Perhaps one with a fully painted dial might yield an increased rate of minor melanomas on the skin after a few decades, but not more risk than frequent tanning. Our outer layer of skin does a good job of blocking radiation emitted by these amounts of radium lume. The old stories of the Radium Girls are certainly sad and real, but that was caused by them ingesting (relatively) massive amounts of the radium. 
I really like that
If you have a toned down outfit this will look good I think
Is there a watch like this that I can get.  I really like the watch.
similar...
Could I get so more info on the watch OP? 
This is actually the ebay photo, but I did just purchase it. The description didn't have a year or even a decade but with some research, I saw that there isn't another watch like this anywhere. .Watch seems to be from very late 50's to the 60's.
There isn't another like it because the dial isn't original. It would have been a conservative basic color originally. It would also have been pretty severely aged, so a refinisher stripped off the original paint and applied this transparent enamel instead. Not to say that's a bad thing, Benrus wasn't ever a high end watch, they aren't particularly valuable now unless you've got a really mint example, so a change like this makes the watch more interesting and I think a bit more desirable..Do also note the movement in this is an ETA 2372, from about ~1960, so not a chance of this being 40s, I'd say very late 50s to early 60s, especially with the KIF shock system instead of the standard Incabloc. 
Thanks for the info, I had no idea the green was added. At least it was done tastefully. And thanks for correcting me on the date. :)
No, it cannot be worn with anything. I would suggest that you let me sent you a few dollars to take that hideous thing off of your hands.
I have been looking for a watch with a similar face color but a metal band. Does anyone have any good suggestions?
Nice try, Green Lantern.
Any neutral colors are fine w/ that man.
Absolutely! Benrus is a great marque with a really interesting history behind it. Get the elevator pitch down and that alone makes wearing it worth it.
Thanks! I think I already have it down. I also have a Benrus . from the 40's
Oh my god I want one of those.
More pics if anyone's interested. .Also, for anyone that wants something similar, there's a nice hamilton still for 
Like chinos, sperrys and a tshirt?
Yup perfect just stick to toned down colors on everything!
Yeah, basically that. Maybe a light, solid color OCBD or Polo would be dope. 
Upvote for "dope."
Wear it with anything bruv
A watch like that wont make or break an outfit
That irradiated face. Love it.
I like it as well, wear it when your not wearing black.  If your talking a complimentary color red shirts would work well.
I was thinking any light colours. Red is bold, but could work really nice.
I disagree, wearing it with red will look silly unless it's christmas..Wear it with neutral tones so it pops.  A slate gray shirt and a pair of jeans for example..Don't wear it with other loud colors, they'll compete and look clownish.
That'd be cool for like Christmas lol. Jk thanks for the advice.
Why the jk? That would be awesome for Christmas.
It would be. I didn't want him to think I wasn't taking his suggestion seriously tho
I actually think this would look great with a sharp black suit. This would be the accent to your whole outfit though.
How about this in a black suit with green socks?
Welcome to the Green Lantern corps
Aw, dude these Green Lantern comments are getting discouraging lol.
Don't get me wrong I'm jealous of the watch, I'm only poking fun at the suggestion to coordinate it with a black and green suit. I think this would look great with some khaki's or deep navy blues, maybe a whole safari outfit, ala this:
 .
Just my opinion. It's a dope watch, you can't mess it up too bad
I was mostly joking lol. And thanks for the suggestion, that would took good. 
Be sure to have the Jeep and the scenic vista too, though. Those are important for this outfit.
A green 1959 Cadillac convertible.
If I were a billionaire I'd buy a bunch of cars to go with different outfits. As it is now, I guess my 1997 Purple Mercury Tracer will work. Any advice for outfits to go with the rusting cheapmobile?
On autotrader now.
Allsaints. UK brand
I'm from the UK and it took you all but 4 minutes..I'll leave quietly....Thanks.
they dont seem that bright at all, but for that price range and look id go with vans
I wouldn't try it. Even the stock photos look like plastic. I don't have great recommendations for an affordable messenger bag, but I think there are plenty of options if you search.
Maybe you can try a different shirt.  Try one with a pattern and see how it looks.  Normally that sounds counter intuitive to mix pattern and pattern--may look even more busy.  For some reason though, I think a nice micro gingham or check might actually bring some attention away from the business of the tie print.
Not sure if it's just me but those shoes look like completely different pairs. Also, I think a lot of the problem is there are to many colors that dont fit so well together. Id go for a white shirt, if you really wanted, a light grey would look nice with the suit. As for tie, I'd say similar design, but not so loud, at least not for a wedding. Try a dark floral paisley. Those are some of my favorites. 
Suit looks great for OTR, where'd you get it?
Go with a white dress shirt and the navy tie you have. Classic and perfect for a wedding 
A white shirt would look better, I wish you had brown shoes to make the tie work better.  Get pants hemmed and shorten sleeves a tough, the suit shoulders are pretty padded and don't fit that great, but passable.  I think switch to a white shirt if you have no other ties and brown shoes if you can.
This is the most detailed and helpful comment in the thread. .It has outfit recommendations & suit-fit opinions and advice. It's at -4 and the bottom of the page.
Yup I'm pretty sure it's a combo of some people not liking me on this sub and I fucking love floral ties so I think op should keep his.
That tie is great. Best part of the outfit if you ask me. You take that away and that get-up looks like it's from another season..where did you get it?
J Crew factory for the tie. Shirt from regular J crew. Shoes are Allen Edmonds Park Avenues.
Lighter, pastel colored shirt and a subdued tie would look very nice.
I tried brown shoes and it really isn't the right gray for them.
really? that shade of grey should work with any brown/burgundy/black shoe how light/dark of a brown?
I think a plain white tie would look rad on that shirt 
From this distance, it looks a little like a Jackson Pollock painting. So I'd probably agree with your date. :)
What about a white Oxford or a white traditional dress shirt.  I feel like it becomes less summery if I go that route..I know the shirt isn't for everyone but I really want to wear it.
Unrelated, but do you have a severely broken left leg?
Tie is bad at a wedding since you don't wanna take attention from the groom and it doesn't really work with the shirt or jacket.
Alternative?
What ties do you have? The one you're wearing now would probably work better with a white shirt and a suit made out of wool or tweed.
Off the top of my head I know I have a navy with small dots that might work.  Can't take pics right now
That one would work with a less intense shirt
Yeah, the tie is a bit loud. I think it would acceptable at other occasions, but since it's a wedding I'd go with something more subdued. 
Thoughts on the suit fit?  It is OTR and only have a week to make alterations.  I am thinking of taking and inch off the pants.
Depends on your preference of breaks. An inch off would probably be almost no break, so if you're fine with that, go ahead.
H&m has everlane knockoffs but I'm not sure whether they are good enough quality. 
  I bought the . for $39 (I needed a bag for my bike commute).  I've only had it a few days now, but I was impressed with the quality of the materials and comfort.  
I love this pack. Classic.
Assuming you're in the US, you could probably buy one from your local Sierra Club if all else fails. 

How is the quality on that pack? For such a low price my expectations aren't too high. 
I'm not really sure, I've only seen one once in person. They make a nylon one and a cotton canvas one. They're not super big either (not really sure how, the dimensions are 15H x 14W x 7D.
 is always an option.
Try looking at military surplus sites.  You can probably find a rucksack that will work.
I didn't even think about that. Thanks, will do. 
Drop the undershit man, but yeah like _beacon said, literally any color will work well on any person. Besides, you're wearing like the most neutral colored outfit ever anyway. Anyone who says those colors look bad on you does not know what they are talking about.
you look pale, try Hunter green.
fuck that whole "only certain colors look good on your skin tone".just about any color that isnt neon will look good. the . thing i would turn away from is something super close to your skin color.so yeah navy, black, white, olive, red, tan, whatever will all look good.and your outfit is nicely color coordinated 
My camera makes everything lighter than actually is
I agree with this guy
birks are good, so are rainbows if you're looking for other types
Danks ya. I'd probably look towards birks because there's a huge sale near my house supposedly this coming weekend. 
I like Chacos.
oh dude if thats true definitely cop some
frugalmalefashion also look at the related subreddits link on the sidebar
Oh I missed that. Usually related subreddits are just listed in the sidebar so I was looking for that. Thank you very much!
Goodwill for the pants and shorts, Marshalls/Uniqulo for the polos, target for the tshirts (or maybe Uniqulo).  .Save up and learn what you want as your shape changes.
for your height you could probably find a lot of things at a thrift store tbh. you will get more for the buck. 
..also uniqlo, h&m should be usually what you're dressed in
UNIQLO! Sorry, someone mentioned that to me a while back and couldn't for the life of me remember the name. Appreciate it!
no problem fam
I'm in the same boat, but seven inches shorter. The good news is you'll grow a lot slower than I will, since you've got a lot of length to put muscle onto..Uniqlo and H&M sell tees and sweaters for cheap. Buy things that fit well, but a bit loose. These will look good, and then you will grow and they will look awesome. I mean, muscle definition through your sweater good. Seriously, try on some tight shirts to see what I mean, then size up to a more modest fit and work up to beast mode..For pants, my only advice is to consider a looser fit. While mfa is really big on slim fits and you should try them on, you may need to go for a "straight" fit, which will be tight to your frame (assuming you been squattin'). So, try a levis 511, but expect to end up in a 514 for jeans. You should still be able to avoid relaxed fits, though. Good luck finding pants to fit whatever unholy leg length you must have..In terms of waist size, I feel like a lot of people exaggerate thickness gains in the waist from squats and deads. Outside of obese oly/powerlifters and GH-using pro bodybuilders, every fit lifter has a pretty narrow waist. I'd just buy pants that were comfortable and flattering and replace them over time. I dropped 6" from my waist, so I understand your fear, but no amount of lifting is going to put 6" of hip muscle on in less than a few years, and you'll need new pants by then anyway. Thrift might be a good option here, though..In terms of dress shirts, the best advice I can give, and the one I always consider while shirt shopping, is suicide. The shirt that fits your beautiful, majestic shoulders will drape unflatteringly about your narrow core. Seriously, you will look like a girl who woke up and borrowed one of your shirts. I'm going you start exploring the Uniqlo slim fit ocbds, but the other option is to figure out which shirt to fit your shoulders and drop cash having it tailored to fit. Dress shirts are all cut for poorer bodies than ours; they're all either cut for the morbidly obese or fitted to people that have no shoulders, such that even fitted shirts may look horrible. Good luck on this one.
This was a huge help, thanks a lot man. And yea, it sucks not having the average body type... oh wait, I'm 6'5 with broad shoulders, what the hell am I bitching about?
I second this. I just lost 40 lbs over the last 6 months, and hope to lose around 25 more. I'm picking up brooks bros. and polo dress shirts for ~$8 instead of $80-$100. That way, if my weight fluctuates more, I won't be screwed if I need to buy more in a different size. 
Along with just thrifting, it might be good to invest in a sewing machine and learn how to tailor shirts. Sometimes cloth at thrift stores is a little stretched out and tailoring them can make them fit perfectly. This is especially easy for sweaters and such. You will definitely save a ton and you can get quality clothes. I've tailored stuff like thrifted jcrew, tommy hilfiger, and polo. 
Depends on your budget, but definitely check out Oliver Peoples.
I own Versace frames which are rather eloquent. I also suggest Gucci; Prada; and Burberry frames.
Shuron.com
I hear they go well with Valentino suits.
They're expensive, but I swear by my Lindbergs
Designer is best, i love my Gucci glasses. 
take someone with you and trust the people in the shop they do this all the time. 
Ray Ban. Great looks, won't break the bank.
how about Red Wing beckman onsale for $199 during the nordstrom annivesary sale on 7-19-13.
you could do worse, but the thick lugged sole, padding around the ankle, and busy stitching/bates logo on the side sort of kills any kind of traditional look, they just sort of look like workboots. So I wouldn't call them good-looking, but I'm sure they're decently functional. .EDIT: My suggestion is wait for some chippewa apaches or thorogoods on sale. MUCH better looking, higher quality boots.
ok, thanks, will do that
bates makes footwear for some branches of the us military.everything ive worn of theirs is mad uncomfortable

Return the shirt, way too saturated of a color.
not diggin the shirt, it pops too much as a basic saturated shiny color.
maybe a dark red/maroon tie? i dont really care for that shirt, id probably go for a lighter blue
Not sure if I would get anything to be honest
Have to wait til 10 est to view the NA site, funny. Pretty basic stuff.
Am I reading this right? 4grand for a hoodie?
surprised at how scaled back this is.not that I was expecting anything particularly outlandish but
[deleted]
i just want to try on one of these shirts so bad for some reason just to see what makes it so expensive
got that Christian Dior Denim Flow
Why did you link the Japanese version with prices none of us know?
What's the difference between the Kanye APC raw jeans and their regular offerings? Not sure I could figure it out from the pics and I've never owned a pair of APCs so I don't know all the details.
cool collection. .i kind of dig it's pretty much a total 180 with where he's at with his musical stylings right now (yeezus being a dense, layered album with a . going on in each track) and all of these pieces (sans the kinda-weak graphic tee) are all cool just in their simplicity. the light wash jeans in particular are my favorite. 
I can't tell if you guys are really excited about this or being sarcastic (_o)/
God damn, I would cry with happiness if I could afford these
Meh, not interested in anything really. Wanted to like the hoodies but there's just nothing special there either. .Also, threads like these draws out white suburban kids trying to speak gangsta. It's cringe worthy. 
Its all in Chinese!

[deleted]
Aaaand it's gone.
I don't want no part of this shit.
would a design on it or a different color make it more worth that price iyo jw
[deleted]
how do you account for the quality of it and the unusual hem line? those you can't find just anywhere. 
[deleted]
It's not a plain t-shirt. I don't think you understand. Once you start getting into high end fashion like APC you will realize not all t-shirts are the same. Factors like the fabric the shirt is made out of, the construction quality, the weight of the fabric, the hem line, and the drape of the shirt all come into play. .These shirts would look dramatically different than any cheap t shirt and people who are into fashion would be able to tell. Hell even if you aren't into fashion and you see someone wearing one of these shirts you will be able to tell it's different.
How do you account that those combinations of two features are worth $136?
i was wrong
1) Stacks are primary determined by the inseam, not really anything else..2) If you actually look at the measurements, there's pretty much no taper on these.
yeah in higher end stores. and APC is a higher end store. that's the price tag that comes in a higher end store
[deleted]
and these shirts are of even higher quality than those
[deleted]
that isn't the only thing that constitutes quality
Most tees that are sold in higher end stores are blended with materials like silk and rayon (i.e Alexander Wang) so no, they don't all use the same cotton. Even cotton tees can have vast difference in quality of stitching and thickness. 
What makes it expensive is hype, you would be largely unimpressed by the actual garments most likely. As has been discussed ad nauseum in this thread already, expensive clothes can be expensive for a lot of different reasons. I'm not saying any one reason is right or wrong, it's preferential. But this is a pinnacle of hype, not of quality. .edit: inb4 any downvotes, you should not interpret this as me suggesting the quality is poor, as ramseames mentioned that's not necessarily true and beating a very dead horse. Simply a matter of supply and demand for an exclusive product.
You can make that sleeveless sweater yourself for a fraction of the price. cut the sleeves, slits in the hemline. Respect the look, not the tag.
The cut, these are the cure cut which has been replaced by the new cure, but I'd imagine the fit is similar 
Should have asked in the other post but are the fit pics of the Cure cut? 
Idk lol..
I know about the cut because ive read it on some website, i dont remeber where 
Yeah there were pics on Complex. They honestly look good but at that price, I'd rather save and get something else.
You will feel like the emperor with his new clothe.
KTT FAM 
 for those that don't read Japanese.
Jian Deleon posted a fitpic of the ., and holy moly they are tiny. 
super sold out, and awesome collection
i want the lightwash jeans, white tee, and maybe the ss hoodie, though im not sold on the situational practicality of it..need to know the inseam and hem width of the jeans for sure.
Those are the same three standing out to me. The wash on those jeans is perfect. 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think he may have been wearing that hoodie when he got harassed by a paparazzi at LAX.
You may be right that was my immediate thought
It's all boring to me. It's not even minimalist in a good way, the collection is very basic without any real highlighting features. .The construction seems impeccable, but I'd never pay $300 for a well made hoody that could be confused with any other generic hoody out on the market..As for the Tees, really got to question the originality of it. It's like reliving the early 2000s all over again. Take the ghetto favorite baggy pants/ way to long Tees, but replace the baggy pants with skinny jeans and you got the Kanye west X APC collection.
[deleted]
and Kanye west is the godsend of fashion? Give me a break. .This collection is basic as hell, despite it being well constructed. If you wanna throw money at it, more power to ya, but Kanye could have done a whole lot better.
That's like saying Rick Owens dunks are the same as regular Nike Dunks because they are made of similar materials.
How does his PHD fit into jeans with a rise that high?
Serious question: whatever happened to the education theme of his early discography?
Good ass job was suppose to be what is mbdtf .
What the other dude said I guess and for the uninformed, the 808 is a drum machine that a lot of hip hop guys swear has had the best sound a d nothing will beat it. 
Coincidentally, much of the album was recorded in Hawaii, whose area code is 808.
Kind of. Good Ass Job was a completely different album. He was almost done with the tracks when he decided to scrap it completely and start working on a new album which ended up being MBDTF. I'm hoping one day he releases those scrapped tracks even if he isn't going to release the full album
 good ass job was going to have 10/16 tracks from dark fantasy (11 if you assume ghetto university==all of the lights) and 2 from wtt.
This ain't 2004 no mo holmes.
You quite obviously dont shop in high end stores if you think thats true.
You have literally no idea if that's true or not
what's special about the tees?
All the press beforehand said it was going to be extremely basic, just jeans, tees, and sweats. What were you expecting?
[deleted]
Kanye partnered with APC because they are minimalist. Yeezus is minimalist so APC makes sense.
You're forgetting that it's Ye x APC. APC is a minimalist brand so if you were expecting something crazy like Jeremy Scott then don't get your hopes up. 
the fuck are you talking about?
Over sized tee trimmed to a straight body + hoody = ABSOLUTELYFUCKBALLSAWESOME? Yeah.. okay.
lol i never said that but this:.is a laughably bad assessment
It was supposed to be a tetralogy, but then his mom died unexpectedly and shit got dark for him, so he didn't feel like rapping anymore. Thus 808s. Presumably when he got out of that funk he wasn't really interested in the education concept anymore (think about how much has happened in the dude's life between college dropout and MBDTF). 
yeezus was extremely minimalist compared to any of kanye's other work or just about anything else happening in mainstream hip-hop. this collection reflects that fairly accurately.
compared to his other work yeah, perhaps, but it's still not a minimalist album. anyone who actually believes that is just regurgitating critics' words. acebrotura was off point a bit, but don't front like Yeezus still wasn't crazy
I honestly think the only reason people are saying it was that minimalist is because they are recycling what they heard in a prerelease article. 
Yeah and the packaging. .Honestly there is heaps going on throughout the album.
Minimalist, yeah. but wild as fuck. I wouldn't say this collection is representative of Yeezus at all. 
man, with the jeans and hoodies, ye is keeping it three hundred, like the trojans. 
Romans*."300 bitches, where the Trojans?".Is the next line which explains why you thought it was Trojans :)
damn, you right. you got me covered though 
Are you looking for a mathematical equation?  Worth is sbjective, even when there are qualities that make some folks believe something is worth more.
Perhaps it's not strictly mathematical. How about the amount of $ you are paying for such subjectivity? The fact that there is grounds for dispute, it means that perhaps you are paying a bit too much for elusiveness.
In your opinion. If someone else loves the design, the quality, and the exclusiveness, and of course has the money, who are you to judge them for how they spend it? Each and every one of us makes purchases that others would consider exorbitant based on our interests, whether it be fashion or some other hobby, you simply just have to accept people place different values on different things and that's alright. 
Who am I to judge the emperor and his new clothe?
That's not even close to my point. My point is people put different values and different things and if it does not in any way negatively effect their life or anyone around them, there's no real reason to judge because you as a person would not make a similar choice, which is totally fine. 

30450 yen, 300 dollars for a hoodie..yeah no thanks.
Ohh i was confused. Google showed me that it was 4961.31 US Dollar, I was like what the fuck.
Just go to the store in English, not sure why he linked the Japanese website.
Same thing happened to me.  I guess the symbol for Chinese Yuan and Japanese Yen are the same? 
Nope. Yuan is . Yen is 
 symbol is also used for RMB (yuan), so yes, the symbol for chinese yuan and japanese yen are the same.
Oh, sorry. Thank you, I never knew that!
I was expecting this collaboration to be much more unconventional, based on Kanye's collaboration (with nike) sneakers. Pretty basic design.
I was expecting the whole Kanye look AKA waxed denim w/ 40 inseam, Rick Owens inspirational shit and the like. But since it incorporates APC's minimalist designs it's not surprising it came out pretty normal.
I was surprised, but yeah I see that it makes sense. Besides, if I dressed as experimentally as Kanye, I'd want everyone else to look as normal as possible. You know, to elevate the look a bit..But I don't actually think that was his goal at all.
How'm I s'posed to stand out when everybody gets dressed up?
He's not dressing overly experimental for Yeezy. A hell of a lot of interesting cuts on plain black tees, fitted or interestingly cut black/dark jeans and changing it up on the sneakers. Probably my favourite Ye' style since 808's actually, and it's something that MFA should be able to get behind. 
So many dumb comments in this thread. The pricing is the way it is because that's what they think it will sell out at while still making them a significant profit margin. Commenting on the quality to price ratio of a product literally no one has seen in person is asinine. For what it's worth APC is never super well constructed but it's not bad either.  it's not going to be good value from an objective perspective. And no, that doesn't matter to the people who will buy it. The fact that you think it's overpriced is fine but you're not the sole arbiter of that and a lot of people do and will spend 300 on a hoodie and 130 on a tee and think little of it. 
I dont really care about the tees or the hoodie (though the short sleeve hoodie is dope)..But man. Those jeans got more stacks than all you can . 
W
Stacks on stacks on stacks
Are stacks on denim raws? I'm new to that stuff.
When I had a brief streetwear phase I made myself a shortsleeve hoodie..Thing was fucking dope. I miss it so much.
Yeezy 2
Fuckin impossible to find. Most of the listed ones on ebay are overpriced knockoffs. 
Flight club NYC will have them, if you want to pay what they're worth. 
3000 on ebay; thats over 1400% markup from retail, ridiculous.
Usually you can get a pair for under $1500.
Maybe the supply is shorter in the UK, . and the originals are 
They only released 3000, making most if not all of them pre-ordered..Fucking Ye. I love him, but goddamnit don't release awesome shit like that in such a low number.
There were definitely more than 3000 yeezy 2s made. Where is that figure from?.I found some business insider article that says 3000-5000 but I'm not sure that's right. It's probably more like 5000 of each colorway + friends and family pairs + corporate pairs etc. 5000 to the general public per colorway doesn't sound that far off I guess, maybe even still a bit low though.
That's what makes them exclusive though
 
Cant even hate, thats a clean ass fit. 
I want some banned 1s bad, I hope the rumor is true bout them dropping this holiday season.
need banned 1s and aqua 8s
What jeans are those
apc ps
Also are those nike dunks hi?
thanks
is that the polaroid tee
nevada tee from apc
stack game on point
air jordan 1 ko bred
Tight af
Sick bro
The jeans in those pics are Diors though. Look at the studs or whatever they're called on the pockets. The Diors have those, These APCs don't.
APC have those studs/rivets..Diors have iconic darts on the back pockets, which do not appear in the picture.
Kanye's APC's don't. You're right about the dart, I thought you just couldn't see that far on the picture, but now I look closely, you can see a bit of the back half. It's definitely not the new APCs though.
The cut of the jeans are based on the cure cut, which those diors are based from
What the above poster is saying is that the Kanye x APC jeans don't have rivets. And they don't. .And stacks are determined by how much you hem your jeans after you get them. Not all pairs of the same jeans will have the same stacks, not that there is any stacking in the jeans from the collection since there is no one wearing them in the picture.... What is going on over here at MFA? 
I see..I know how stacks work.
The stacks part was in response to a higher part of the same thread. I figured I should just make one comment, instead of two, and combine my input.
could you explain the stacks thing more? how does hemming them affect them like that? 
Take the jeans in this collection as an example. For the smallest pair, sized "28", the inseam is 34" if I round up. So if the length from the crotch to the end of your leg (or wherever you want your jeans to end) is, for example, 30" you will have 4" of material left. That material will bunch up in a variety of places, but it will be very heavily bunched up near the ankles and calves. That bunching of the fabric is what people call stacking. If you were to hem them to 31" you would then only have 1" of extra fabric that bunches up, or stacks. Some people like a lot of stacking and others don't; that's just a preference thing. If anything didn't make sense let me know and I'll clarify in the morning. I'm a bit tired now.  
Gracias. That was very clear
Stacks are the folds you get when the pants break at the shoes. 
Longer hem line, APC quality, and Kanye West
From what I see this is a collection full of minimalism. The quality looks on sight (expected from APC). .3 hoodies with designs similar to balmain/fearofgod (the cuts down the side).2 jeans almost standard affaire for APC (one looking similar to Dior).3 T-shirts with longer hem lines with one featuring the Been Trill branding (Brand made by Donda)
the collection looks pretty good, but I won't be satisfied unless he picked the cotton himself. 
APC has been sacrificing quality for years. 
Lol.
There is no way you could possibly know this.
Damn that was good.
It was a joke about a song.
The second part of it isn't. The idea that you can discern anything about a collection's quality when it hasn't been released yet is pretty laughable. 
What is going on in this thread? Why are you getting downvoted for stating the truth? I think this collection broke MFA.
Guess people just thought I'm an asshole for not going along with the joke 
you seem like a fun person.
I KEEP IT THREE HUNNED, LIKE THE ROMANS
3hunna
Fuck I wish someone told Kanye it was the Spartans. (Wouldn't have ruined the rhyme either...)
300 in Roman numerals is CCC. Cool, calm, and collected.
Yeah I've read the stuff written on rap genius, its all extremely contrived. And its not as though Black Skinhead is about being cool, calm or collected, quite the opposite in fact.
lol that hhh thread
Spartans-Trojans doesn't rhyme as well as Romans-Trojans. I'm sure he's aware it's not historically accurate he just doesn't care.
yeah but stiiiill... it just sounds dumb the way he says it over and over again in the song. Yeezus has amazing production, but in terms of rapping it's downright cringe-worthy
I'm a raplic priest.im speaking swaghili 
He most likely put it in to fuck with his mostly white audience who would bemoan the fact that it's technically inaccurate. From that perspective it's fun watching people be butthurt when he just doesn't give a fuck.
He gets suicide doors mixed up with butterfly doors, I think he's just something of an idiot-savant
Suicide doors are equated with luxury, suicides=sprinting exercises "I threw suicides on the private jet" means he can do whatever the fuck he wants with his money and his jet is big enough to do sprints in. Butterflies don't have the same imagery or double meaning. He knows what he's doing he just doesn't care if it's wrong. .Also suicide=death, "I threw suicides on the private jet, you know what that means I am fly to death".Also they're called scissor doors anyway
Yeah dude I read rap genius too.
Everything is surprisingly really nice. I'd wear all of it. .That said, i'm buying none of it. 
surprisingly? i for the most part really enjoy most of kanye's apparel collaborations. aside from the prices, which is always expected, everything is always crafted and designed really well. 
To each their own. I wouldn't be caught dead in Yeezys, his LV stuff, or even what he premiered at fashion week last year. 
I mean, what he premiered at fashion week was women's, right?
I mean...I guess my comment is still applicable
It reflects what Kanye is doing right now..Yeezus was extremely minimalistic, APC collection mimics that theme..Watch the Throne and Cruel Summer were both luxe and lavish, making the Yeezy 2 fit perfectly with the identity..My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy was edgy and dark, Kanye collaborated with George Condo..808's and heartbreak was serious and emotional, Kanye made a range of sneakers for Louis Vuitton. .Graduation was super flash and fun, Collaboration with Nike to make the Yeezy..Praise Yeezus Christ
You make a damn good point. I had no fashion awareness until about a year ago, so I never had put together the correlation between his music and style. 
By that premise though why would he be releasing the Octobers?
They're all 1 color, hence more minimal
I can see what you're saying, but personally the conotation of 'red' doesn't say minimal to me. All black? Sure. All red? Attention grabbing.
theyre definitely more minimalist than the other colorways
Fair shout!
yeezus was pretty attention grabbing too though
The way that the Yeezus album was completed was like that kid who hands in their homework after finishing it the morning it was due in the school bathroom. Lyrically it's weak, the mixing on Bound II was lazy and what we really have is a bunch of people who saw a 9.5 on Pitchfork and thought, "Well, I guess I kinddd of like it."
dunno why you're being downvoted...this is really similar to how i feel.  I like it, there's a couple of songs that I like more than others.  I just don't get why it has to be praised as some genius art or something like it is.  
People have different taste and thats good the world would be boring if otherwise. Great art sparks discussion.  
There's plenty of discussion to be had around the album, certainly.  But to me I feel like everyone is praising it more than it really deserves.  Don't get me wrong, it's a great album, but it seems to me no question that it's more on the level of Graduation than say, 808s or College Dropout, and certainly not on the level of MBDTF.  .As something he put together in a super short span of time (which I believe he did but I may be wrong) it's phenomenal.  But the most interesting part about it is just how unique it is instrumentally.  For the most part the lyrics are average at best (On Sight, I'm In It, other parts, are just not good lyrically).  And despite how awesome some of the production is, none of it is all that developed (for better or for worse) and realized to it's full potential in the same way a lot of his other albums are.  .With that being said I think what makes it stand out is how raw it is.  Some of my favorite stuff he does is when he's just belting it all out, New Slaves and Hold My Liquor are probably my favorite songs.  .It's great, because practically everything the man puts out it great in one way or another.  I just don't understand why it needs to be put on some top tier pedestal with his greatest stuff, because I don't think it really is some his best stuff.  .Or maybe I'm just jaded now that he's with Kim Kardashian....
That was aces.
Is that an actual expression? It doesn't make a whole lot of sense, just seems like the reference was shoehorned in there
No sports bra lets keep it bouncing
parkinsons
As soon as you pull up and park the Benz?
keepin' it 300, like the romans
Can you get my friends in the club?
Most of MFA prefers Raw/Dark Wash jeans because as you wear them they fade depending on how you wear them, which makes them personal and authentic. However, there isn't anything wrong with washed jeans (so long as they aren't .). .If you want good distressing, distress the jeans yourself by wearing them. But if you like them, buy them.
Isn't the thing with Raw Denim you can't wash them often? I'd be worried about getting a pair of raw denim and getting them dirty waaay too often. But thank you for the input!
Raw denim is not washed after it is dyed, that is it. This means that the jeans are darker and more prone to fade as you wear them. If you wash them the dye bleeds. If you want . then don't wash them after each wear. .With that being said, I honestly don't know too much about raw denim, go check out . to find out more.
you can wash them as much as you want, you just don't get to personalize them as much with fades. 
the first wash is pretty unobtrusive, seems fine.the second one is lighter, but i think it can work in more s/s fits provided they fit well..but if you need good entry tier denim stick to levi's, they're right around the price range and much better quality
I've always tried to look for good levi's but all of their washes look reaaally bad in my opinion or are just way too dark. I'll browse over their stuff once more but I think I'll get these, thanks for the input!
I bought a pair of ASOS' jeans awhile back and they seriously fell apart after like a month. The quality is not great at all, just a warning in case you haven't bought them already.
Eeek. They have free returns, I'll get a feel for them when they show up. I searched ASOS once and a big thread on ASOS said that all of their stuff was awesome but some of their ASOS brand shoes were shit. But everything else was "godsend" for the price.
I certainly wouldn't call it godsend, but I mean like my evidence is all anecdotal so take it with a grain of salt. I dunno. Definitely check out the jeans before returning them, it's cool they have free returns, kinda like a get out of jail free card. 
if you literally have nothing go find an h&m until you get comped for your old clothes
I don't really have any experience with H&M...there's not one near me in the states. The impression I've gotten from mfa is that it's pretty much the cheapest option, but not necessarily a good one if you can afford something slightly better. Is that true? I can afford to buy new clothes and wait for the reimbursement from the old one to come later.
it might also be worth looking at Zara if they have any in France. Similar to H&M in that it is cheap, but maybe slightly better quality (although still pretty crappy)
Some things at h&m are pretty decent. You just have to know what to look for and what's decent quality. The tees are fine but you may need to size up as they shrink a lot.
yea its pretty crappy overall but when you don't have a change of clothes for the next day i would certainly prefer a lower quality tee than an increasingly dirty decent-nice one..also there are few europeans on reddit right now since its pretty late i think..but anyways i found this
awesome! i didn't know that subreddit existed. thanks!
I know you mentioned no-show socks, and I recently picked up the best pair I've ever had (6 pairs, actually).  The . are the best I've ever worn, comfort and looks-wise..I know its probably low on the priority list, but you mentioned it specifically, so I figured I'd toss in my .02.
You seem like you have a good direction. My suggestion is to buy basics cheaply and invest in some sweet shoes.  I believe there are UNIQLO stores around Paris.  For shoes, look for imports from Italy. .As for red hair, yellow usually looks great. White and red patterned shirts too.
Lurk and buy some very basics for now. No one here is going to make a wardrobe for you. All of the information you seek is IN THE SIDEBAR.
Go easy. Guy just lost his suitcase. 
You're in France, why not a French Wardrobe?.This should get you through all the casual you could ever need. Add two dress shirts, a blazer and some wool pants and its serviceable biz-cas..Edit: Fixed the formatting.
Thanks! Good to hear I wasn't too far off with my list..Just out of curiosity, what did you mean when you said a French Wardrobe? The stuff you listed sounds like the same things I'd get advised to buy in the States. Is it French just because I'm buying it in France, or will cuts/styles be subtly different in a way that looks more European?
It's a wardrobe philosophy. You have some basics like my above list and no more than an additional five items per season to add some variety and interest to your wardrobe..There's a really good FFA post on it.

this is literally one of the best options out there..add a casual jacket to that list for cold night..also consider getting one odd item for show like a printed shirt
 Lots of Guido Wong.  
I've recently fallen in love with clothes that aren't all super slim fitting and found myself more interested in things that look cool and . comfortable. I also really dislike wearing dark colors at all, so I'm a lot more fond of earthy looks with interesting textures.
 you can look at the blog by using the password "nests". It's a personal tumblr so it's not all about style inspiration, although it mostly is
i have an . i refer back to for fashion, pics i like or whatever..I also have my tumbl. but it's new so it's not that big on inspiration
Lately I've been adding fits I really liked from WAYWT to an imgur album.  Here's the ..
Ooh yay me too! 
Yayyyy I'm in this too! Honored, thank you.
im so honored to be in this. .(im also .)
Who is ., and more specifically, what is that jacket? Looks like supreme wet weather parks but I can't be sure. 
It's . and it's the Ace Hotel x Alpha Industries fishtail parka..Edit: . to be precise. 
Man that's beautiful. Might have to get one myself.
It's really overpriced for not being insulated, it's not a winter jacket. It is nice though 
There's a drawstring on the bottom just in case you haven't noticed.
they can slim the sides but just remember not to go too tight since it needs to go over your head.
I'm looking to get a little into photography, but I'm not sure what entry level dslr to look at. (or even if I should get a dslr) Any recommendations on helpful articles to read or entry level dslr's i should look at? .Budget is probably somewhere between 500 and 700, I don't want to lay down a ton of cash before I know this is something I really love. 
Incoming vent: As a short dude it's difficult find clothes that fit me proportionally well. Anyone in Dubai UAE that could recommend clothing stores? 
I took a few items to a . to get tailored: my black MW box suit from freshman year, my recently-purchased Brooks blazer, and a vintage RL tweed jacket my dad gave me. They told me that, because of the shoulder padding in the first two items, they were just two big for me and wouldn't be worth the prohibitive cost to alter..I was a little nervous going there because it's a pricey trad shop, and I've heard they could be pretentious, but the guys that helped were super helpful and told me what to look for when trying on jackets without pushing their stuff (which I would've loved to buy, but it's out of my price range)..Anyways, I decided to just get a new suit and take back the blazer. I stopped by Suitsupply, and ended up buying a navy Lazio in 34. The SA took a video, and after watching it again while I shopped around, there seemed to be a little pulling in the back and around the button. When I went back and tried it on again, it seemed to be fine, so I'm a little nervous..At this point, I'm just frustrated about my size. 36 is hard to find, but anything smaller is impossible. I might get away with a 36 and minimal shoulder padding, so I might try the sack version of the BB blazer in the future..Now it's time to grab black park aves.
I recently realized my lesbian friend has perfect MFA style. We went out last week her fit was an indigo Jcrew button down, kacki shorts, and white vans no socks. .I need to get her and I in some tandem fit pics on WAYWT. 
Predict the next chapter of the Eddie Snowden adventure in the space below.
last night some friends and i had a cookout at a park in some woods and then it started raining. so we get in my friend's car and drive around the lake until it stopped. then we got out and found some trail that went very deep in the woods. it was like 8:00 at this point so it was still considerably light outside. the trail got really dark and dense quickly and it started out being one of those things that was fun and then very quickly became really scary. it was pretty much blair witch project because we all started getting mad at each other trying to find our way back and this is what we could see:.also there were grey marks painted on a bunch of the trees and it felt like we were inside slender
I've realized that I have the same brain as Tom in 500 days of Summer.  Forever a hopeless romantic. 
been working 6 days a week for about a month now. oh the wonders of retail.. :D
People keep thinking I'm in high school, but I'm gonna be a sophomore in college in August..stahp guys B(.edit: thanks for the sympathy fam, i think im just gonna embrace my inner (and outer) child.
Lake George is just Las Vegas in the Adirondacks without hookers
Had the just friends chat with the girl I've been seeing the last six+ months. :/.It needed to happen, and there is a good chance we can actually be friends moving forward, but still stings a bit.
I just want to say that this is by far my favorite subreddit, and although I still have terrible style, this sub has given me so much inspiration and motivation.  I've started getting ideas of how I want to look and I've also started working out again so I can achieve that style.  Thank you all for being so helpful and patient, with everyone, not just myself.  Keep being awesome MFA. 
I just bought nudies I am scared about this whole process but its kinda cool.
Anyone know the 
My family is going down to the States next week while I'm staying at home. My brother says he can buy something for me, but I can't make up my mind. I'm thinking either Topsiders, Free Runs, NB 574S, Vans Era 59s, or a nice hoodie. .In terms of what I have for shoes, I've got a pair of navy blue Gravis, khaki Creative Rec Cesario Lo XVI, ugly pair of grey high top Ponys, brown/burgundy Timberland Earthkeepers, and a beat up pair of black Vans Authentics. .I don't really have a nice hoodie that fits me well either so I dunno whether I should go shoes or hoodie..Any suggestions?
ill be at the jay z and justin timberlake concert soon
My girlfriend came to visit for the weekend, which meant she met my family for the first time. It went really well, I'm pretty happy about it all :)
i like the look of these shoes, but as someone who mostly wears  polo shirts/ and a mixture of plain/graphic t-shirts with jeans/chino shorts, i'm just not sure if they'll be right for me considering how i dress..my other shoes are barbour boat shoes, loake sahara  and couple of pairs of superga's.
I'm new to this subreddit what is WAYWT? SQ? OF&FC?
He gets to the place, everyone is like "this is the biggest victory ever" and then we all forget about it. 
Today was weird. My best friend got insanely pissed at me and still won't talk to me, and then I made out with her best friend. Sounds bad, but she was the one hooking us up in the first place. Just a weird day. .I've finally stuck to taking a picture of what I'm wearing everyday and I love it. I heard there was something mfa/ffa that ends like the 19th where everyone posts albums of what they wore everyday the past month and I'm pretty sure I'll post, which is cool for me cause I rarely ever post pictures on here..Also, most excitedly, I'm getting to the point where I have a solid 4-5 outfits where the fit is great all around and I really feel good in what I'm wearing. Up until now there's always been at least one thing wrong with every outfit..I'm thinking about buying Sperry's, in Sahara leather. Not sure though, would love for someone to convince me. I don't have a single pair of brown shoes and they fit my style. I guess the only thing keeping me from buying them is that I really would only wear them with shorts I think? Could be wrong on that..Lastly, thanks to mfa, I've started lifting. I know some people hate seeing the advice to start lifting to fill out your clothes, but with that in mind, I've really started to enjoy lifting knowing it's gonna enhance my enjoyment of fashion stuff. .Sorry, that was a lot.


What's your height? I'm 5'7/8 with broad shoulders, H&M slim fit shirts fit well in medium.

Ok so for the last 18 months I've been getting my haircut like this .
Now I'm kinda bored of it and wanna mix things up. Any ideas? 
Bought AoE II HD. .If you're down to play mediocre players lmk
34 inch chest here, I HATE trying to find jackets
Shit's ridiculous. I'm watching the video again, and I keep noticing the pulling. If they haven't started alterations, I might go back there and try on a 36. I feel like I'm going insane

Yo guys do trainers such as 574s and rosheruns go well with shorts
I've been meaning to go to SidMashburn, but I don't want to get judged for being fat and poor. I heard their tailoring is fantastic and that's where I want to get my expensive pieces tailored though.

The other day I found some brand new L.L. Bean Blucher Mocs at Salvation Army for $9. They weren't my size but I bought them with the thought of selling them on eBay or something..I ended up trading them to my friend for trees. I think I probably could have gotten more money for them but there's just something special about bartering/trading that makes me feel primitive, in a good way. 

shoe trees or puffpuff trees? or neither? 
"puff puff" trees

[deleted]

Anyone worn 501 STF without the soak (buying true to size waist and length)? I'm assuming the color stays darker longer. Any reason not to do it, or comments on experience?

STFs shrink like crazy hence the name. Soak em.
wearing unsanforized denim without soaking will be worse for it in the long run
I had an interesting realization that my wardrobe is currently (without really noticing or trying) somewhat technical, just as a function of wear I live and how I get around. 
Anyone go to the Camden warped tour? What were your opinions?
Looking for some nice flannel pants, but I'm semi-determined to pay under $100. It's not really working out, so I suppose I'll just spend the extra money to get a great pair. .Also, I saw Pacific Rim last night. It was fucking awesome; everything I wanted in a mech movie. Please go see it. 

Luxire will make them for dead-on $100. Look at their panting material options for flannel wool.
Got all excited watching the ashes and ordered fallout new vegas. Anything i should know before i play?
Read no guides, don't reference the wiki, and don't use the console unless you are really stuck or getting impatient.

I feel like I'm only buying clothes for cold weather but it's July and 95 degrees everyday.

So my friend put out an ep a while ago, and wants me to try to rep it on reddit. Anybody know where/ what subreddit is for people who make music/ want some listens?

Can anyone recommend a simple, easy-to-wear, versatile beginners watch? Looking to spend around $50. I was thinking of the . but I'm not sure what kind of strap I should get. Looking to wear this watch year-round 
that timex is fine with that strap. if you want a slightly larger watch, there's the timex weekender too. leather straps are good year round, but i prefer nylon straps in the summer

Should I buy an iPod nano? I want a music-only device.

I want to wear in my heavyweight raw denim until theyre nice and light blue. It'll be cool to have summer color, winter weight denim

cya in 3 years 
Hair mousse and hair spray. Are they worth it? I'm very anal when it comes to my hair becoming messed up and it seems spray will keep it in place and mousse will give it more oomf. Are the hefty price tags worth it, or should I just stick with pomade? 

does anyone know where I can buy some Sperry's for a decent (not dirt cheap) price in Vancouver? 
Order online for ., or they're $80 at gravity pope. Most other places are $100
I've been looking for ages in Victoria. No luck. Seems they're pretty rare in retail stores in Canada and only a few styles can be found. I have seen some at Shoe Warehouse, but not in the Classic Brown colour I want.
cheapest might be town shoes or maybe b2 if they even carry it. I know town shoes always has some sort of sale going on.

SSBM Evo!.GAP interview...long story.New Leaf is so much better with StreetPass

I finished building a kitchen island for a friend yesterday, it's based on .. I'm pretty happy with it, he's stoked and taking me out for dinner tomorrow. Yay! .Also, I took up knitting. It's awesome. I'm fascinated by weaves. Does anyone have nice weaves for me? .Also also, I'm going to a cabin in the woods from tuesday to next weekend. On the menu are (notably) archery, pellet gun shooting and forging stuff. Something like ...I am man, creator of things. 
I missed the simple questions last night (Lincecum no hitter and drinking)..Can someone ID these boots from the tumblr-sphere
Looks like Red Wing chukkas. has some
Wallets. .Everytime I see a wallet on MFA, its one of . or similar..Could it be that this is an American thing? I live in Germany, Europe. Everybody has a wallet with pocket where you put your change.
I'm pretty sure it is a cultural thing. For me at least, I hate carrying around change. I think it's mainly due to the fact that paper money is so much more of a common currency. And we don't use coins for more than anything than 25 cents. So yeah...it's a US thing (for the most part). 
Canadian - coins aren't really a Yank thing as they have $1 bills. As a Canadian, with $1 and $2 coins, I'm getting . to make me a coin purse to supplement my Chester Mox wallet which should be arriving shortly.
It's a completely American thing. We loathe coins. 
i certainly don't. I've made 80% of my purchases on just coins lol

Irish; it's about fifty-fifty here. I hate coins in my wallet personally.
Just bought my first pair of raws at SENYC, 3sixteen+ 30BSP  straight tapered, hot damn do these look good. .Spent way too much money, but they just don't make cheap jeans for a 34 waist and 27'' quads. Now If anyone knows a good duck pant and chino with a generous top block I would be thankful.

So has anyone ordered anything from the converse shoe builder thing? I really want some poorman weapons but I don't know about the quality and stuff.
I thought pulling your pants up to your chest was an exaggeration but . (Amazing violin section btw)
For a college kid going into freshman year into the fall, whats the deal with mocasins or sperries or whatever? What should I be looking at for at the moment?

Girlfriend landed in poland this morning.
What's she doing there?
Debating throwing down like $400 for some shoes that are regularly $600 but have this weird searing guilt about it wtf is this
Spending "big" money can feel really unsettling at first especially if you're used to spending the same amount but on lots of little things rather than saved for one pricier thing. I think it's healthy to get beyond that mental block as long as you're within your budget.
Is the . any good? It's on sale and I really like the look of it.



Recently I have gotten a new car and I am searching for somewhere I could get a pair of nice driving gloves... I am willing to spend no more than 200$ buy I have to be able to try then on first... I have large hands... I am in the dfw area if that helps

Went to the Sub Pop Silver Jubilee yesterday. Pissed Jeans fucking killed it, every other set seemed boring after them. I got a Sub Pop five panel cuz I want a five panel and they were cheap. I wish there was more newer Sub Pop acts on though, like Total Control.
The boutique store that I buy my jeans from closed ;_;   
been on a bit of an anime kick lately, just been marathoning series and movies.the girl who leapt through time and summer wars have to be in my top two summer movies so far

WAYWT is "What Are You Wearing Today?", a recurring autoposted thread where users post pictures of their outfits. WAYWT is competitive, so it's for people who are already confident in their style and want to show everyone else their outfits. If you're just starting out, I'd suggest posting your fits in OF&FC (below) and browsing WAYWT for inspiration..OF&FC is "Outfit Feedback and Fit Check", similar to WAYWT except not competitive. It's geared more toward beginners, and is a great place to ask things like "Does this fit?" or "Can I pull this off?".SQ is "Simple Questions." It's pretty self explanatory. SQ would have been a good place to ask this question, actually..General Discussion is this thread right here. It's MFA's off-topic thread, where people talk about their lives..Each of these threads have a description in their text field in case you're still confused. 

Kind of surprised it took so long. Still, just keep on trucking.

That feel. I know too much of it. Go dancing!

The best part about the sub is that even if you dress like shit and know nothing about fashion you can still participate in the GDs and still feel like you're contributing.
What Are You Wearing Today. Simple Questions. Outfit Feedback and Fit Check. They are reoccurring threads, and you can see the schedule on the sidebar. 
Yep. When I visited Mnchen two years ago, holy shit it's been a while, there was one out of 30-ish of us that had a separate pouch for his change, given that his wallet didn't have a change pocket. He had previously been in Germany so he knew what was up. The majority of us made fun of his pouch for being feminine but we were all secretly jealous because getting the change out of your pocket was a bitch. We also had trouble with the taller bills.
I generally use my change pocket in my pants. It could be because we don't use change that much over here.

totally agree there man i've been a long time lurker and have recently started posting and reading as much as i can on this subreddit. Having people help out/ just comment generally on your clothing has really helped me with my self confidence..thanks heaps MFA!
I'm 21 and I look like im 17. Welcome to the club.... but i'll need to see that ID first.

I feel your pain. My job tried to call me in to work today (my one day off in two weeks) and I just laughed at her.(and then felt guilty for not picking up the extra shift and sleeping instead) 

I've heard 13-18 in the past few months when people guess my age. .I'm 21. .Edit: phone thinks I'm drunk 

you should go work with fredrick at his gas station then ;)

Lol I'm 19 and people think I'm 23. Even people who know how old I am still feel like I'm really 23. 

:( feel better dude

My friend hates working at gap.I'll take my hole-in-the-wall sushi restaurant job over retail any day :D
I mean I love my job but really I would like two days off and a vacation please. Hopefully it'll only be like this for a little longer. Retail is not always so bad 
You'll get your break one day man, positivity ;)
I'm 22 and people think I'm 18 or 19 all the time.

Grow a beard..EDIT: .Stop caring. That works too.
i cant. at least im getting my braces out soon
The braces coming off will help. Posture helps too. You might be afflicted with a high pitched voice like me, in which case, shit sucks.
actually i dont think my voice is that bad. i run and bike a lot so that helps with posture. but yea im getting the braces off, my wisdom teeth out, and some new glasses frames over the next month so that should help somewhat. thanks anyway bruh

the grey marks were probably trail markers.probably
Nah they're pages nailed to trees.
You know that whole movie is just stating how relationships come and go like seasons change?
Better knowing its not going to happen rather than clinging to it any longer, but even knowing that it still sucks -brohug-

Watch 500 days again. Tom is a cool guy but he made Zooey out to be someone she wasn't and fell in love with that idea. Zooey didn't mean to hurt him, she just didn't want the same things out of the relationship. But I know where you are coming from. I'll drink for the future of our hearts, amen to finding love. <3

I'm 33 but people think I'm 23.

i got carded four times while sitting at a bar the other day
Just ordered . Yuketen's on sale, and i'm stoked to get them in. 
Not my style, but looks pretty cool! Stoked for you
dude. nice! I'm not a fan of the kiltie thingies but those shoes are still beautiful
Those are so rad. 
Dude, those are so beautiful. I'm excited for you. Please post fits with them!
Thanks! They're available . for anyone curious. Pretty sweet deal. 
Chicago meetup was fun, though smaller turnout than I was expecting. We shopped around for a while and ate deep dish. Also I ended up missing my train a little bit and stuck for 2 hours (plus 1 1/2 for the train ride) with a dead phone. .Independence in Chicago is fucking gorgeous. Tons of good stuff including GBV which I know learn fit me perfectly in a Medium. Even tried on a Cabourn. Ended up with a Merz henley and an Anvil tee. Best part was when the guy there asked what my shorts were and I told him they were just JCP.  
Uno or Gino's for pizza?
Sorry for being so flaky.
Any more pics from independence aside from the Cabourn one?
I've got about a dozen, but I'm still at my uncle's and they're all on my phone. I'll see what I can do though.
Sorry it took so long. .. Looking at them I should have taken more of the store in full rather than just closeups.
Looks very similar to the Unionmade store.
Thanks for delivering man! So jealous, looks awesome. Can't wait to drop by next time I'm in town! Cool you got to try on Cabourn too!

UNOs. 

booo. fan of Gino's myself
Welp my iPhone/imgur won't let me upload more than one pic at a time to imgur. I'll make an album when I get home tonight for you though.
What would you change if you were in charge of MFA 24 hours? 48 hours?.After seeing the interesting AskReddit thread yesterday, I wondered how our subset would approach the question..EDIT: 
Here's the thread.  
Add flairs with links to dressed.so accounts  being able to see peoples fits and development is really damn helpful sometimes.
less recurring thread. get rid of a lot of thing on the sidebar. change the subreddit style
Link to the relevant AskReddit thread?

If MFA had its way apparently all we would have are posts from JDBee and recurring threads
Well, that's why I posted this as a comment in GD instead of as its own thread. The GD community is the vocal, active side of the sub.
It would raise better discussion as it's own thread. Very rarely are there serious discussions on mfa.
remove the link to the dick post in the sidebar.honestly guys, why is it still there?
I lost my glasses on the beach, so I've been walking around my house like an asshole with my prescription sunglasses on. .You guys should play tf2 or l4d2 with me. 
added you. anyone else want to play tf2 and l4d2? I also love GTAIV right now.
I feel for you man, lost my glasses in the meuse (river) a few weeks ago, that shit isn't fun.
You play any DayZ/DayZero? Been playing for about a week an could go for some teaming up.

OOH! I'll play LFD2. I've had it sitting since last summer sale.

I haven't played either for a while and I'm too lazy to log in but you can add me here: .Going to try to get back into it when I get better internet. 
I find those types of games way more fun to explore on your own without looking shit up beforehand/during.
One of my photos was . this week.It's one of my shittier photos, but meh. I guess the dish was alright..I've been getting into food photography a lot lately. It's fun and the subjects don't move and I don't have to talk to them and I get to eat them after.
As someone with little knowledge on photography, why is this one of your shittier photos?
I like imagine you're talking about family portraits or children's photography.
anyone here really into post-hardcore/emo? went to amoeba in LA and bought the essentials i didn't have (cap'n jazz, joyce manor, joan of arc, the promise ring, texas is the reason) and now i want to expand out into some lesser known bands.
Check out .. Saw them last week and they were phenomenal. 


The Blood Brothers 
The World is a Beautiful Place and I'm Not Afraid to Die, Deer Leap, Pity Sex, Dads, Brand New, Snowing, etc. Might want to get into scramz for heavier stuff like City of Caterpillar and Circle Takes the Square. Page 99 and Brave Bird are honorable mentions.  Forgot to mention Orchid and Saetia, they are definite essentials.
More emo-y, sometimes mathy : Dads, Comadre, O! The Joy, Old Gray, Perfect Future, ., ZAT, ., . Everyone Everywhere, Suis La Lune.The post-hardcore list is endless because it's pretty expansive, but here goes: A lot Like birds, Ages, ., Building Better Bombs, Caravels, Exemption, ., ., Loma Prieta, Merkabah, Rinoa, Suffocate for Fucks Sake, The Chariot, ., Trophywife, Vowel, End of a Year, Gospel, Number Girl, HRVRD, Unwound..The bolded names are my personal favorites. This should keep you busy for awhile.
Check out Braid. One of my favorite bands in general and in that genre. . and . are recommended listening.Also: Mineral, Embrace, Jawbreaker, and American Football
A+ choices 
cap'n jazz, joan of arc, and the promise ring were all under $5 too :3
What promise ring album? .Arguably the most repetitive band ever, but I love them. .Check out Life at these Speeds, Texas is the Reason, Jawbreaker, Algernon Cadwallader, and Tigers Jaw. 

I listen to some, it's mainly been a lot of Touche Amore lately.
I'm going to be that asshole and say this band really isn't in the same league as any already posted. 
i'll check them out :)
Yo listen to Gerald Field and Losing battles.  Also if you like Skramz, try Saetia
kinda, but I've only gotten into the most popular post-hardcore ones that aren't new at all. I'm quite lacking in the emo listening department as well. 
check out algernon cadwaller, tiny moving parts, and this town needs guns
TTNG are really good, although all I've heard is 13.0.0.0.0.
make sure you listen to Animals and their self-titled, they had a new vocalist on 13.0.0.0.0 and as great as he is, the old one was amazing
Depends how heavy you go, stayed quite light and more toward the emo side, but if you want some heavier/more post-hardcore style stuff you could also try Thursday, Thrice or heavier still blessthefall
Both of those bands are incredible live. RIP Thursday
LA DISPUTE
I've heard really good things about braid, don't know why i haven't checked them out yet. .American Football is one of my all time favorites :)
Fuck yeah, American Football is so good. I wish they made more music than they did .Ooh also Into It. Over It. is really good too.Almost more pop punk than emo but along the same lines
very cool with pop punk so i will check them out for sure. been on a huge The Wonder Years kick lately.
their new album is my favorite by far. I say that every time they release an album, though. 
Oh hell ya. I'll PM you a huge list so I don't bog down GD. In the meantime add PropertyOfZack to your rss feeds and listen to Brand New..Edit: instead of writing a huge list: listen to everyone on Topshelf Records, Run For Cover, No Sleep, Count Your Lucky Stars and look at similar artists on Last.fm. Subscribe to . 
Brand New is the band that got me into the genre, been listening to them since middle school :') Jesse Lacey is the love of my life <3 .will do :)
Tiger's Jaw is probably the best band other than Whirr to come out of Run For Cover.
Also, look up Dads and everything that Mike Kinsella has ever touched.
Easily. Tiger's Jaw is probably one of my favorite bands of all time. 
Check out Braid's ., Thursday's ., anything by Pianos Become The Teeth (. is my favorite but both of their LPs are incredible imo), La Dispute gets some shit sometimes but I love .. Pg. 99 and American Nightmare if you're more into the screamo/skramz side of things. Also At The Drive-In's . is essential imo
Everyone needs AN in their life but I'd just call them straight up hardcore. .Still, two of my best purchases were their LPs. 
Yeah you're right I just always seem to suggest Pg. 99 and AN in the same sentence haha
Because they both fucking rule
nobody's posted rites of spring?
now you have ;)
DC Meetup was great. I'm still recovering..Thank you . for organizing. Hope to see all of you again soon!
I'll be there next time Q_Q. Glad it was awesome though. 
Yeah man it was fun. I'd be down to do that again soon
Glad to hear, I figured since it'd be bar hopping I wouldn't have much fun underage 
[deleted]
Yeah, lots of drinking was had by all. You should come next time though! 
For sure if I'm in town
next time no bars, byob.we can solve this problem we have the brainpower
That's a meetup I'd go to 
Yeah I went to the last meetup and it was fine, but in DC a lot of the bars ID check at the door so I it kinda limits options for those who want to drink. It ended up fine, but I figured if drinking was the original idea of this one I woud end up keeping those who wanted to be in bars out of them..Trash's idea for the next one is great.
yo thanks for the brooklyn

I got 99 problems, and they're pretty much all girls. really trying to hold back on indulging in some retail therapy right now. new boots can't solve all your problems.
Buy sneakers then. 
If you've got 99 girls at once, then of course you're gonna have problems..Consuming in an attempt to achieve life satisfaction and happiness is never a good idea, although 99 boots would be sick and then you'd have just 1 problem which would be your bank account and falling slowly into a desperate mire of financial insecurity even as you peak in sartorial agency 

I usually spend money on girls or because of girls..Best of luck man. 
How's it goin guys, hope you're all having a good summer.Snapchat is fun, also headed to Ghana in a week I'm pretty pumped.Also a 17 hour layover in Amsterdam on my way back 8) I'm excited to get this summer started
I've heard some great things about Ghana, try to check out some African dance and drumming while you're there, it's something special.
What's your snapchat?
kyungchoi.Tim has been snapchatting me lately but that's it.I pretty just make a stupid face 99% of the time tho
mine is weird just a heads up
Whatcha going to Ghana for?
*whatcha Ghana do there?
added. mine is hharrissonn 
i think my life is like 90% clothes and league of legends at this point.i just bought a pair of flywire roshes but changed my mind as to which ones I wanted at the last moment.i had been jonesin for the gray pair but I was like "nah the blue pair is the best" and just got that instead.i have no opinion on the zimmerman case..That album that got to the front page of some dude's granddad in the arctic had . as the first image and i want to look like this forever. so fucking dope. 
Long-time league player here as well bouncing between plat/diamond, hit me up if you want to have some fun or some advice, Sawww
The flywire roshes are super nice. I've got the grey/blue colorway. I've never owned a pair of regular roshes though so I can't tell if the extra support actually helps at all.
I just got into Silver when my computer decided to start being an ass and choke out. I wont try to play anymore, until it is fixed I'm just a wasted champ and lane..Lucian looks sweet. Aatrox is broken, his free week was painful.
I'm only level 21 so I can't even play ranked yet. Lucian looks p. cool, but i can't wait for them to put out another support champ..i've been enjoying trundle free week. pillar ganks op. 
He looks cool, but the last thing I want is another high mobility ADC as an aggressive support player 
If you ever wanna play with a mediocre gold player and get some tips let me know, I usually play 1-3 games a day. summoner: rjbman
down to duoq :D plat 4 here. 

Yo how do people get to 30 so fast. I've been playing for almost 4 weeks now and I'm like level 13. What the heck man.
I didn't really get to 30 fast by anymeans. I think it took me two months, playing two or three games 5-6 days a week. .Don't buy runes till you can afford tier 3 runes.
Yeah, a new support would be cool. Someone to fill in the hole between Nami/Sona and Leona/Thresh..Thresh is a blast to play. I love Veigar too. Those melts are the best.

I just subscribed to . cuz I'm trying to expand my appreciation and taste, but all of it strikes me as so. .. garish. Uncouth. Is it an acquired taste? I own some Killshot 2s and dig Sambas but I just don't get most of the shoes posted.

Yeah, the sneaks posted and loved there are more streetwear stuff: Jordans, Foams, Dunks, Pumps, Roshes, etc. There's a huge difference between Killshots and Foams, but both are really nice kicks. Eventually, you learn to love the bulky designs and the weird colorways and you'll find yourself selling your soul for some Mags. Keep in mind that no one on . is looking to wear an OCBD and green pants with Lebron Xs. It's different tastes, different styles. But good kicks are good kicks, and that's all anyone can ask for.
Yes, I do recognize I've been bred for dadcore. I guess it is an acquired taste. I'm trying to keep an open mind by my first look around leaves a bad taste in my mouth. I'm sure I'll find my niche though.
Look at some new balances or asics. They have some really nice, more conservative designs and styles. And, speaking from personal experience, NBs are super comfortable. 

Make dochopper head mod. 
Took my appropriation of a blue collar aesthetic for my white collar lifestyle 

wearing lvc is fun.i only have a few dozen mfa kids following me on instagram i need more .ginger_reporter 
@xauntxpetuniax
wearing lvc is v much fun, whatchu got?
@truckbadass Just getting started with Instagram, I have ignored it for the most part in the past. 
Mines azurewrath_, boring stuff (mostly clothes, food) 

@thenefariouslothario
thisisthepaulice

its fun to look at the hashtags for stuff like raf simons or pyrex. random selfies tagged with like 70 high fashion brands or w/e

the supreme tag on ig (and on tumblr) is best/worst thing ever.
Gave you a follow.I'm @thenicolai.I don't really post clothing photos, mostly lifestyle and food stuff

Food, cool photos, and Asian girls.A+ Instagram, one of my faves
Mfa people follow me though I mostly post pictures of food now and like, my sneakers
i gloss over everyone's clothing pics/i am way more interested in lifestyle stuff..i already see fits on mfa.  don't need to double up.
You make me miss Korea and crave burgers
pretty much the same 
Oh kyungc you know you love my 
#instatim #timstagram

@fuka_eri

#instafollow #follow4follow #instawiwt #instaboi.my pics are pretty dumb, but: . here I am.
Is this where we shamelessly plug our 
mine is totally not the same as my reddit username 

I thought you actually bought that Cabourn jacket

Please do, I need better instagrams to follow
eh whatever. first time connecting reddit with anything personal..no food or clothing pics. just lifestyle, travel, and pictures of my dog. 


oh . ginger_reporter
mhmm
learning polish
good place for it
Just bought myself a Christmas tie on ebay. Pretty stoked, even though I can't wear it for at least 4 months. 
That is a fantastic Christmas tie dude.
It's like the Charlie Brown Christmas tree, I love it
Is that from an actual collab or just from when he was creative director at J Press?
I don't know much about it. I didn't even know he was creative director at J Press. I'll have to look into it a little more.
Regardless, it's a sweet tie. Nice cop bruh
HOLY SHIT TIM LINCECUM
Have fun with Jeff Francoeur
ugh
That game was so much fun :D
One of my favorite athletes to just think about, especially because on paper we've got the same dimensions (5'10, skinny but he's got about ten pounds on me). But so, so mechanically brilliant. 
Ugh giants
AH YEAH PHOTOGRAPHY CHAT TIME .. I'm going to lay down the following beginner photography advice but I'm obviously not a professional or the One True Source of advice..:.I could recommend photography blogs to you if you'd like. :3
Approved so much.

man this is great
I'm just getting into photography myself.  I really appreciate your advice. .The best photographer I know in real life recommended highly that I start with a quality mirrorless.  I went with a Fuji X1, and grabbed a zoom lens and a prime lens.  Any comments on those, or is it DSLR or the highway? .I just resolved to read the entire manual that comes with the camera. .Any recommendations for reading after that? 

Jealous. Here's . for any of you wondering.
Back in the USA after about 10 days in Denmark and Austria. Had an awesome time exploring and help my parents narrow down apartments for when they move. .Meanwhile my girlfriend is gearing up to work in Yellowstone for a month and then will be moving to Florence in September as part of her gap year. In October I'll be in Patagonia for 5 months so I may not see her for close to 7. We're trying to make it work but it's tricky. .I'm thinking about moving with my parents in September as opposed to staying around so that maybe I can meet her and travel around Italy for a bit. .In sartorial stuff she gave me a beautiful natural cxl hollows bracelet yesterday to patina while I'm in Pata which was really nice. .Thanks mfa diary.Edit: instagram is the same as username for ~travel shots ~ due to the instagram thread above
"post removed and banned: brand mentioned".alternatively, make oxbloodhorween sole mod of fmf
"JCP Staffords now 50% off at JCP's website".[removed]
Says who?
Says summertime
well some problems you gotta solve with sweet new mocs
I'm really happy with my decision to start wearing a watch every day.  Going to your phone just to get the time is a source of constant distraction.
One if the reasons I stopped wearing mine is because I would constantly check the time at work, making the day seem longer. 
agreed, much more discrete to take a quick peek at a watch. classier too.edit: DISCREET

This is one reason I wear a watch when on dates or if its a time where I really need to avoid being distracted by my phone.
I wear a watch and still end up using my phone most times. Force of habit I guess. 
This happens to me too.  But it's getting less. 
MyGalaxy SII broke like 3 weeks ago and I'm not even sure what month it is anymore
It's like 3 weeks after the date you lost your phone. Obviously.
had brunch with ., ., ., ., and . .we forgot to take fit pics... but naruto head pics as requested . . .we need to have our LA meetup.. paging 
Hey, just saw your page. I've been caught up in a really hard summer class but ill have a month off starting tomorrow. Ive still got my list of where everyone's at - ill choose a location and time this week. 

why didnt you invite garley to begin with, are you just including his name on here just so you dont look like a dick for not inviting him in the first place 
this was for someones bday so i have no authority on who to invite, as i didn't plan this out 
cool, np. tbatwork/tbandit was about to make a meetup soon too so i would message him as well

it was nice to meet you all; had a good time. looking forward to the next meetup
I know Shino is kind of how you look, but for srs, you don't think it's just a . weird it's not Naruto between freaking Sakura and Hinata? :P

You guys are awesome, can't wait for the next meetup
You too, nice meeting ya bro
Ooh LA meetup, I will so be there any time after August 26
Btw, remember when I said it'd be funny if there was a meetup where everyone was decked out in monochrome goth fits? I found this on . haha
Lol maybe we can do something similar in la.. 
that's from sz

I'm still jealous of that UU shirt jacket
Mostly hospital work, touring the country and administering treatment, also building a school on the weekends, typical Africa shit
How do you get involved in that kind of stuff? I'd really like to, but all I have available in my area are church type things.
Sounds like you're Ghana have a lot of fun.
Are you a doctor or a nurse? Sounds really cool, wish I could do something like that.

The company I'm going with is called bluemed Africa got referred to it by a friend, they're really good about communicating so it wasn't too difficult setting things up

I did something like that in uber rural India. It was a blast, have fun!.(try not to get violently food poisoned tho) 
whereabouts in rural India?

Oooh, nice. .I like how all the socal meetups are all asian.
YOU CAN'T SIMMER THE ZIMMER
Hans got another album out?
Nah, I think it's just a play on the Dorner line
I would make the banner a gif of me eating. 
while wearing a french blue ocbd 
with oil filters in the background 
Getting day drunk is enjoyable i should do it more often..Destroyed my calorie count for that day though :(, trying to go on a cut in college is difficult shit.
I have a love/hate relationship with day drinking, because I tend to get hung over as shit by the end of the day which is awful, but then I wake up with no hangover which is fantastic.

i'm trying to stick to vodka tonic while i'm cutting but i just wanna drink lots of beer
have u tried amphetamines
As someone who's trying to bulk, amphetamines fucking kill me every time. I'll be starving and go to the store to get something, but as soon as I look at food my stomach shouts out "NEVER MIND, WE CAN SUBSIST ON THIS LITTLE SCRAP OF LETTUCE YOU ATE LAST NIGHT, YOU CAN GO HOME NOW." That and the . they kill me!.Fucking demon drug, I'm telling you!

Bronkaid + caffeine is the perfect less sketchy substitute. 
Day drinking at a tailgate is one of the greatest things ever. I can't wait for football season. 
I'm actually pissed that it's summer break because it means no football. What has the South done to me...
If you go to an SEC school I am so jealous of your Saturday afternoons
W2C a good football team?
Qlo
ACC, but in the deep south so its close enough. 

The two months after the NBA finals and before football begins are the worst sports months of the year. 
Sportscenter is never more boring 
HERE'S MOOOOOOOOORE BASEBALLLLLL!!!.At least up in the Great White North football starts in June.
Top plays last weekend:.3 is an amazing bicycle kick goal from a charity soccer game. .2 is Andy Murray becoming the first British man to win Wimbledon since 1936.And 1 is an athletic, yet generic baseball play.
I'm assuming Tim Lincecum's no-hitter was #1. How is that even generic? Honest question. D:

It's fine when there's the world cup... just every four years though.  Summer olympics are kind of fun too. But this is horrible right now.

Is that now? I have no idea what NFL/ NBA seasons are. .If so you should come to England. We have Wimbledon, the Ashes  and the Open Championship. All rather splendid. 

For any of you teens still on . please leave. It might seem more intimadatiing and you might feel more at home there but they really don't give good advice. You will learn much more over here and it's an overall better community. I'm not trying to destroy the subreddit but really that place is horrible.
Not that it was ever good, but it's gotten noticeably worse since summer, not-so-surprisingly. 
I was hanging around there earlier in the year, trying to give people advice.  (I'm pretty young and not an expert in fashion by any means) its just stupid. Just come to MFA you will learn so much more.
I don't go there, but I also used to. I was a fairly consistent contributor at one point, but I just haven't bothered contributing any more. 
It looks like the MFA backwaters, I'm thinking 2nd page of this sub half a year ago. Weird posts with little to nothing worthwile.

it was . when c9b/beacon ran it. It's total shit now, and it isn't even necessary.
i didn't even know of that
I personally know one of the head moderators of that sub in real life. He knows absolutely fuck-all about fashion. I mean I know I sound like a dick but seriously.
Add a link in the sidebar to ...Add silly kaomoji like ()*: and  () and () to the CC and moderator flair..Change the COTW because the current one is lame af and it's been there for ages anyway..Implement thread flair like . and . and . to make the front page visually easier to filter, and CSS to color-code it up..Make guilt-trippy but very polite reminders to not downvote against reddiquette/because you don't like a fit in WAYWT/OF&FC every so often..Relinquish power, Cincinnatus-style, to return to my humble lurking.
I think you mean return to your iron fisted regime in FFA. I heard you have a gulag for WAYWT downvoters.
~ Z( )Z ~
Hehe, May I have cutesey flair schia?
Would you like to pick a kaomoji or should I do it for you?.Confession: I have keyboard shortcuts saved to all of these and more.
Best use of keyboard shortcuts ever. :D They're all so cute! Surprise me!
Yeah, they actually get press-ganged into writing my long comments for me.
seriously though, that cotw has been up there forever now.
its not even cotw its more like comment of the until we get another comment of the week
You're onto us
yeah suggestions pl0x
True story: first semester during an art history lecture my professor showed a sculpture of Cincinnatus and asked who he was and why he was important, being from Cincinnati I obviously knew all about him and answered and mentioned I'd been from there. Later that week a girl from my discussion came up to me and mentioned she was from Cincinnati too, and after that she became the best friend I made my entire first year of college. So, moral of the story is knowing who Cincinnatus is can make you your best friend! 
THE PRACTICAL USES OF ROMAN HISTORY.That is so sweet. :3
I just saw the second line and knew who posted this. 
Nice one! Ahhh~ I haven't seen that yet. The Z ears are so cute.
Can I love you schia?.Also, can you add () to my VAG tag?.Edit: Awww yesss. Thanks girl.

can i get some flair that looks like this:.(o)
(If you mean on FFA, you need to get VAG'd first!)


yo can we make schia a mod i need me some cute flair u feel?
()
so you're 19 but people think you look like you're 18?
my barber asked me if i was a sophomore in high school if that gives you an idea of how it is
at least you don't have back hair
i guess
always a silver lining
Back hair can literally be a silver lining.  


I saw some awesome roshes yesterday, the black with white Nike swoosh but they had changed the laces out for some awesome black and white ones. 
I'm always slightly confused when I see things I've stared at online in real life..When . and I were on our date in Nordstorms, one of the sales associates was wearing roshes and drop crotch pants. 
Not so much on a person but my trip was real fun in that I got to actually handle a bunch of stuff I've previously only read about. 
I still want a mfa hat, but no one is selling theirs
I just sold mine :( if I had known you wanted one dude.
Maybe there will be a round 2, jdbee was talking about it, although maybe with that whole sufu drama there's less of an inclination to do it..We're thinking about doing FFA hats?
Last I heard all that got straightened out and jdbee paid for a hat so maybe he'll be game.
sufu drama? 

Aww darn. I'll keep my eyes open in the bsts. 
psssst, kyungc is selling his: 
i think . wanted to sell his but that was a while back
Ooh, with just an F? Will it be ebbets? 
Dunno, I know people have been trying to come up with an alternative that more "FFA." 
Who's hookin' up? .Also, what is it with bros being like, pseudo gangsters the last couple years? 
A picture of that one Helmut Lang bra that you all seem to have?
the sisterhood of the travelling helmut lang bra
 There are seven couples now, seven!.Ionno, I personally think it's a california asian/asian frat thing. 
Spill all the dirty details
SEVEN? holy fuck. 
Wow, didn't know that. That's kind of a lot though..I've noticed it becoming a reoccurring thing though with frat dudes everywhere. They're all becoming the same person.
As a dude in a frat, I'm not sure if I haven't noticed it because it doesn't happen here, or because I've been doing it too


We demand names 
I have not yet received my FFA assignment. Pls resend.
Spend more time in IRC and then maybe . will deign to send you suggestive pics.
I can confirm this works. 
He does have nice head of hair....
hes got more than just a nice head of hair
what u up to tonight bb

would you like some steamy hot cc on your vag
Do goth ninjas just stay in their basement all summer or do they risk heat stroke? 

Well. . tends to go super mono, but he broke down and wore .. On the other hand. is still going strong and .. She still looks . and the layers are light enough and airy/breezy enough to not overheat.

That was probably the funniest thread I've ever read through on mfa.
they move to san francisco where it is consistently 50 degrees year round
#sufferforstyle 
just moved to florida, but im not giving up on my raw denim. this statement has never been more relevant to me.
Just strip down to a long tank top and lightweight drop crotch pants. Derbies or gladiator sandals or something. U have to go more techwearish in the summer it seems. That or keep on several drapey jackets for sick pit sweat fadez .also u r implying that gothninjas leave their basement ever 
lol more like 
they leave their basement, dash to a cool urban photo spot, look around if anybody's staring, take a quick overly stylized picture, then dash back down to hide their . steez
I still chuckle whenever I remember that thread about a guy who was asking about a gothninja swimwear for a day at the beach. There is a reason the style proper works only within a subculture. 

lol why does this exist
i would overthrow all the other mods and institute a dictatorship with self post only. for mfa supreme leader 2013
#nefariouslothario2013
I don't eat candy very often but I found some Haribo gummies at a supermarket chain that I don't usually go to, so I bought three packs and ate them all on Saturday night while watching old episodes of Justice League on youtube.  I am 26 years old.
i am 26 too!!.it's nice to feel young again.
Were they Goldbren? .I only like peach-O's and coca cola gummies but I picked some up, at my friend's behest, while in Mnchen two years ago and I loved them so much I had to bring some back for my family to try because I swore they weren't the same. 
#dreams
I came home drunk and demolished a pack of Swedish Fish. 
it was actually one pack each of all three of those
that justice league show tho.
Fuck dude I remember your first post. You look so sick now, congrats.
Looks great man, congratulations on the improvement. .I have nothing constructive to add, but you've now made me want to go out and buy some expensive motherfuckin' jeans.
cringe
Great improvement man, looking forward to seeing more in the future.
I don't know what that one dude's deal was, but it's clear he suffers from some sort of mental disorder. .Ignore those types of people OP, keep up the great work! I enjoyed the read. 
no regrets and I'm about 3 months into it and 1-1.5 months of really hard wear they look amazing.  Looking back I prolly would have gone with something like RT, Levies Vintage, or 3sixteens, and used the extra money for something else, but I only say that because I don't think that the drop in quality wouldn't be that big and I don't think I would have minded it.  That being said I FUCKING LOVE MY MOMOTAROS TO DEATH AND WOULD KILL SOMEONE IF THEY RUINED THEM SOMEHOW.
Out of curiosity, what is considered really hard wear?
Well for me it's being on my knees a ton on a linoleum floor.  After about month of wear Like this my knees are pretty faded and my wallet and phone fades are very clea
any advice how to get rearended and get dat $$ ?
Those momotaro's look incredible.
Thanks, they are amazing and with my stockman job at walmart they are looking gorgeous.
I've been watching you grow the past year in the WAYWT submissions. Great improvement!
I own both Stanton's and momos. I wear my Stanton's for business casual at work and momos for anything else! Love this post btw'
Congrats on the haircut and weight loss, your style is pretty generic though, I'm not from 'round these parts to know what this subreddit thinks is . but you look like a regular kind of dude who works in a cubicle at an office or something
I understand that and would say I agree.  This sub is ok with a style like this.  My style is still growing for sure, I just ordered some vans sk8s in black and just bought some black levies and plan on combining those with a white and black dip dye tee.
I'd get different glasses
Any suggestions?
Www.warbyparker.com affordable too!
I meant specifically on style.  I got the thicker square black frames to help with add angles to my angle-less oval face.
Well with warby they will send 5 frames to try on for a week as a trial which can't hurt 
Look at his MFA uniform pic. He has some new glasses now. 
This is what MFA is all about. Good job on the transformation dude, and good luck on your continuing journey. 
There wasn't really much images you share, but from the limited images wow! great transformation :)
yeah I didn't really take pics or post in WAYWT due mostly to fear of criticisms and I didn't have a good camera.  This next year I will take as many pics as I can though!
If you just got those momos, they'll stretch a bit still.
They are 2.5 months old, those pics are when I first got them.  I might do a warm soak in 2 weeks just to see if I can stretch them out a little bit.
This is really good progress. I also think it did good for you to lose some weight, so keep it up.
Well first put all of your useless valuables in the trunk of your small economical car, then get on the highway and find a big SUV, then speed up but not so much that the SUV gets left behind then SLAM ON DEM FUCKING BREAKS. Instant cash.
Great job man, its great to see someone not only become more healthy with weight loss, but also gaining confidence in themselves, knowing they look good.
You should be recieving a call from your insurance company soon about you refunding their payout. 
No I sent them pics of the racquets and they were scratched pretty good, still useable but damaged for sure.
Your comment implies you did it on purpose for the insurance money. If they saw that they could ask you to pay it back.
Except that isn't at all how scenario went.  I was fully stopped at a stop light when I got rear ended and the other driver was a mile behind giving him plenty of time to stop, we have a police report, multiple witnesses, the other driver and I all agree on the same story.  Not to mention the case has been completely resolved.  They would also have to prove its me saying this stuff, even with my pics posted you have to prove I uploaded them, the amount of court and legal fees outweigh the returns IMO.
Whoa, whoa. I didn't assume they would actually do it, but don't underestimate how much they will spend to spot you for fraud.
[deleted]
okay 
Yeah, this isn't . though. Fuck off.
[deleted]
You are coming off as a really terrible person. I hope that someone goes around and nitpicks every little flaw and insecurity you have so you can see how big of a dick you are being right now. Bullying people is not advice and I . hope you get banned for not being able to make that distinction. 
Probably could have worded this better.
[deleted]
No need to be rude though. I'm pretty sure you wouldn't talk to somebody like this in real life. Shit can be hurtful, man. .Maybe some useful pointers on what he could do to start? Maybe some good online resources? Give the guy a break; i hate these kind of posts, but just downvote and move on. No need for the insults.
[deleted]
Sounds like the words of a keyboard warrior,.Honesty and rudeness aren't the same thing. You can be honest and polite.
Yeah, ok..Politeness doesn't drive the point in the same way. I'm blunt because it's useless to mince words with people who spend their entire lives thinking of reasons why they can't do this or that. I also think that Redditors are the stupidest population on the internet, and the only one that consistently white knights (including your behavior right now). Styleforum, SA, /., HN, wherever. Every single other community on the internet would rather tell it like it is.
"Dude you'd probably look better if you lost weight" > "how about a fucking gym membership??????" 
so why are you on reddit, talking to other redditors 
Looking at your profile history you like to get into these long arguments, so I'm gonna leave this here..Enjoy your day being better than everyone else!
I neither like nor dislike getting into long arguments. .I dislike people having a "let's agree to disagree, and by the way, here's this bullshit 'last word' that's totally fucking inane!" comment. Like yours, really. It's the hallmark of Reddit, hence my username.
I know you think this is a "gotcha!" comment, but it's just begging the question.
just curious, if you hate redditors so much whats the point of spending time here talking to other redditors 
...which is why i'm on reddit rather than somewhere my dick-wanking would be appreciated 
fuck me those momos fit so much better than those pbjs did. do you have them undercuffed? they look a bit short for anything save boots.
He had PBJs pics?
yup! now they are hemmed tho and I do a double cuff but still manage to show the chain stitching I forgot what its called though.  Thanks for helping me pick them though! 
Hey man I know what your saying I have friends who are body builders and  look fucking amazing, that being said I don't have the interest to keep up a gym schedule, I try to do some cardio/core stuff, but its hard as I tore my ACL a couple of years ago and it really limits my ability to do a lot of cardio on concrete I am trying to lose another 10 pounds to get down to like 170ish so my pants will fit better. Thanks for reading though!!
I know we're not talking fitness here, so ignore - but there's plenty of cardio you can do with a bad knee (biking, swimming, etc), and if a knee with an ACL repair is still bad after a few years (assuming you got it fixed), you should probably go back to your surgeon/PT. Nice work on the fits!
So basically what happens with my knee is when I'm twisting I retweek it and my knee almost gives, but doesn't.  It then stays sore for the next like 2-3 days where it just hurts kinda like a real dull ache.  I've spoken to my Physical Therapist and he said there are some things you will just have to live with and that to minimize it I should do more PT.  My father who has no MCLs or ACLs on either leg, just told me its kinda something you will have to deal with for the rest of your life.  I think biking will prolly be what I try to do most as far as exercising as I don't like the idea of lifting (I don't really care for the idea of being muscular, toned yes, but not ripped or anything.
(Depending on your insurance/location) I'd suggest going to see a surgeon and getting an MRI. ACL and MCL are repairable. Each time your knee gives out when you're twisting you're risking damage to the cartilage. If you can get it fixed, get it fixed. 
Can you ask about an ACL reconstruction? I ruptured my ACL at the end of last year, had an MRI and a few weeks ago had an operation to reconstruct the ligament using a piece of my hamstring. This along with the right physio (pre- and post-op) will get the knee literally back to how it was before, though recovery is 6-9 months. Especially as you're still quite young this would let you do so much you'd otherwise miss out on though, I'd seriously recommend looking into it. 
I had it and did therapy.  It's just never fully came back, I didn't want to miss out on my senior year of tennis tho so I just dealt with it.
Ok, perfect opportunity for this then, if you screwed up your knee and it hurts to do stuff on concrete pick up a bike. Seriously, best cardio ever if you're doing it right, and it gives you great thighs. I'm a soccer player and skier so I'm really in to the whole lower body thing and not so much in to lifting waits. What I've found is if you find the exercise you like it becomes a hell of a lot easier to do it, and to be honest a lot of people really love biking. Plus, biking isn't bad for your knees, and this is coming from someone who sat a soccer season due to an MCL injury. :(
Thanks! I heard biking was easier on the knees.  I was doing an hour a day earlier this summer, averaging about 14-15 MPH no idea if thats good, but I got a good workout doing it.  I just stopped after we had rain for like a week straight....I should really pick that up again.
Yah, that's perfect. I tend to do slightly more laborious rides but less of them because it's mostly mountain biking, but road biking an hour a day is great, and other things to maximize your workout is riding hilly routes, it sucks at first but pretty quickly you get the hang of it, and also that speed is fine, you don't have to be going really fast to be getting a workout, you just need to be peddling. By the end of your bike ride you should feel slightly exhausted, but also rejuvenated.
It takes 3 hours a week to not look like shit..So don't do cardio and don't run? You can still lift. Why does every fat person have some bullshit excuse? Your pants will fit better, but you'll still look like shit with a shirt off, won't be able to fill-out a v-neck, etc. That's not exactly success.
Don't worry about him man, this guy is so out of line it's crazy, hope he got banned and his comments removed. You look good, your clothes look good. People could easily say the same thing to me about being too skinny, but whatever, I'm pretty alright with how I am just like you are. Your Momo's look really great too man. Cool post to see, pe!
was even selfpost, its tough to dislike this post 
Dude how about you chill out I understand you think I should be spending my time working out, but that isn't my favourite thing in the world to do.  Honestly I think I look fairly good if you look at my edited OP I included preMFA  midMFA and currently.  I know I'm not a Hercules and prolly won't ever be one I'm OK with that.  I'm skinny fat and while don't look amazing I let my personality shine through that, I'm a good person and try my hardest.  MFA has taught me that it doesn't matter how good you look if your a dick and treat people disrespectfully like your first comment did, no one will think you look good.
. MFA has taught you that if you're a dick to people . you get downvoted. In the real world, looking good gets you places whether or not you're a dick. In the real world, the bitchiest girl in the room still gets hit on every 30 seconds if she looks good. In the real world, it matters whether you know the difference between "you're" and "your". In the real world, people don't really give a shit about your personality until they already know you, and looks are the single best determinator of whether or not someone has an interest in getting to know you..I'm sure you have a great personality, but there's no reason to settle for mediocrity in other aspects of your life..The vast majority of people (including fit people) will never be "a Hercules". Being a Ryan Gosling is attainable within a year of consistent working out and non-shit eating..Beyond the fact that MFA is a fucking uniform of blandness, you look better in the mid-MFA look than the last one. Rolled chinos and an OBCD isn't the best look for everyone..The things really worth doing in life will almost never be your favorite ones. 
responding to trolls doesn't do anything but entertain them
Keep it up, and don't let negative comments mess with your head. You have improved..EDIT: A job well done on the weight loss. Forgot to mention it the first time. Join us at . if you need motivation,
thanks I will check it out man! 
Good for you, old sport. Keep it up :)
post a fit fuccboi
damn you've come far, bravo.edit also airism will be shit for f/w, do you mean heattech? 
maybe heattech I haven't looked into it much, I was mostly talking about airism underwear
You should check out .. They are EXTREMELY comfortable and their customer service is great. I had a 'defective pair' (the label showed through slightly on a lighter coloured pair) and they gave me 20$ credit no questions asked immediately (although they did request a photo to send to their manufacturers). Instead of buying 1 replacement pair I just bought another pack of 5. Best underwear I've ever worn. IMO they're on par with my CK's which have been my favourite for years. Also congrats on the transformation! 
Just picked up the airism undies. Love em. I got the short ones - they fit like that Daniel Craig bathing suit in casino royalle. Sweet nut huggers
talk shit post fit
I love seeing mfaers transformations. It's really incredible how far people come. Congrats dude!
"I came here for pokemon and MFA, and I just caught the last pokemon."
I now have you tagged as guy with all pokemon upvote him now.
i would pass on them unless you get them at a nice price or you absolutely love them
They are probably my least favorite 1000 mile boot stylistically, but thats just my opinion. The reason I do not recommend them is that they are not made in USA, and wolverine seems to have some trouble with their quality control in their chinese factories if the 1883 line is any insight.
That sucks - which of their 1000 Mile line aren't made in the US? I was under the impression they all were, but I guess there are exceptions.
There's the wolverine 1000 mile name, which contains . The Made in America boots is only the ..
H&M, they've got everything from above-the-knee to slightly-below-your-junk
Jcrew. And there's a 40% off swim sale today
Patagonia baggies! I have two pairs, they're not specifically swimming trunks but they're nylon so you can swim in them and they'll then dry off really quick. 
Can vouch for these, they are my favorite pair of "do shit" shorts. They're perfect for running, swimming, hiking, anything! Seriously, love em to death..Fair warning, they have lots of room for thighs (hence "baggies) so you have to have some substantial thighs to pull them off. 
Eh I wouldn't say they're any baggier than any other shorts I have. They also have that underwear netting thing that lots of swimming trunks have but I just cut it out.
You cut the netting? But dat breeze
Yeah haha it annoys the fuck out of me so I just wear . under the shorts.
I got a good, cheap pair from H&M. Mid-thigh.
, ., .. .You can google mens swim trunks 5 inch inseam and get more.
Asos
lightning bolt has a good variety of colours and patterns. .
I have a pair of the olive green and they've worked out quite well.
ralph lauren is having a sale on some of their 5-7" swimwear and with SUMMER13 code it's an extra 25% off.
orlebar brown
throw em in the laundry, that's what I do with mine, and they come out brand new. make sure to take out the insoles and the laces beforehand however.
Roshes, and a lot of synthetic-material shoes do pretty well in the washing machine. .Take the laces out and put them into one of those zippered laundry bags, and run them through a cold cycle.
Worked like a charm!  Cheers :)
No problem! Glad it all came out.
I don't even let mine get dirty to start with. Lol love my roshes.
Thanks!  That's what I ended up doing.  Worked well.
I use a handheld steam cleaner on mine, that seems to work well..For those using a washing machine what settings are you using? cold wash?
I have both, the APCs in 31 and 3sixteens in 32.  The 3sixteens are still slimmer.
Interesting. I might try ordering a size up. Thanks.
Ok I didn't check the link you gave.  You said slim tapered but linked to the SL cut (straight leg)..I own the ST cut.  I'm not sure which you meant.
Whoops, sorry about that, yeah I meant the slim tapered.
. Actually, probably not really, but I desperately want an excuse to buy/wear these, and they're appropriately named at least. 
haha. The name fits, but probably not something I'd want to wear around a swamp ;)
Boat shoes/camp mocs. Want some reccomendations?
absolutely
 in brown, tan or sahara is a great, cheaper choice. . is a little different, a LL Bean camp moc. If you're willing to pay a bit more . makes some great .. . aren't boat shoes at all, but they'll serve the same purpose. I own them and love them.
If they fit well they can be fun.traditionally they're big and baggy, and that's no good..I would want a hawaiian shirt to be extra slim, just to overcome that expectation.
I live in a beach town, so Hawaiin shirts are moderately common and not frowned upon by the community. Generally, my friends and I wear them fairly open and with the specific plan of being obnoxiously bright. If you want to be taken seriously, probably not your best bet, but if you're just goofing around in a comfy shirt I don't think you'll look awful in one.
I know nothing about style, but I'm gonna go out  on a limb here.
can be done well.DC's is good because its subtle and not ugly and loud
And because DC is wearing it.
Must have ultra fun summer shirt. Rooftop party drinking beers, keepin it casual with some friends? Hawaiian shirt.
There's a difference between a "Hawaiian shirt" (which by the way is known as an Aloha shirt for people actually from Hawai'i) and a floral print shirt. Aloha shirts are traditionally quite baggy and worn as semi formal and professional attire in Hawai'i. A mainstream example is Tommy Bahama. Floral print shirts are pretty popular right now and look good casually if they fit correctly. Also, smaller prints seem to be in style right now. 
Absolutely not.
 with some white shorts and sneakers just to play around with it, and I only heard one "Why is he wearing that?" The kid was like 16, and I was at a flea market, so I don't know what to take from that. 
You look 16. 
I'm 21 lol 
there is a big difference between MFA's love of subtle slim fit Floral print shirts, and their Hate for the poor-fitted Tommy Bahama atrocity known as a Hawaiian shirt
[deleted]
New to MFA, How am I doing?
Did some errands and hung around the house. I think the shorts could stand to be a little shorter. Didn't realize the bottom of the shirt had flipped up...
They may use a little slimming as well, along with the hem.
At the Montreux jazz festival in switzerland. .Shirt: Jcrew
Shorts: Jcrew
Shoes: Sperrys
Glasses: RE aviators
Belt: American eagle 
is the bottom button buttoned on your shirt? I cant tell if its the extra that they sometimes include or not
Good look! I would just go with a more slim type of shorts. It may be because your hands are in your pockets, though
I thought you were wearing flowers on your head till I looked closer. 
No you're absolutely right, I just haven't been able to find shorts that go above the knee and are a bit slimmer. 
No, i unbutton the bottom of the shirt. Otherwise it looks too long on me.
EDIT: How's the fit? Colors spot-on? Feedback? .Thanks.
None but if you want to wear one, then gray.
I'd go with black.
Looking good! I'm not a fan of those crocs, but they certainly make you stand out..You look like a mayor!
American Eagle shirt and jeans/Chucks
Something is off with the colours of your fit, they look individually solid  though. 
What do you mean?
He means the pieces themselves look fine but they don't gel together as a whole outfit that well
i can't really tell the wash of the denim from the angle/lighting/mirror but if it is a kinda grey washed out color i would try to find something different. Perhaps a lighter blue wash, most gray denim doesn't really work. other than that the colors aren't bad 
Yeah it is grey denim it was the only clean pair of jeans I had I knew it would kind of clash
The jeans don't agree with the shirt and shoes! I would wear a solid colour chinos with that shirt. Or alternatively, a solid colour shirt with those jeans. 
Not really digging the colour of the jeans and they look to be a little too long 
Need to get pants that fits better, got it. 
Yeah the shirt looks fine 
I'm kind of new to MFA, and just starting to try and dress better. So any feedback is encouraged.

Looks pretty good. The shorts could be tapered a bit and I'm not a huge fan of the shoes. 
Good start, man. The boat shoes and shorts are a little too matchy for my tastes, and the shirt and shorts could be slimmer. Solid, though conservative color choice.
Sorry about the lighting.
The color of the jeans kind of makes it look like you are wearing scrubs.
shorts and shirt from target, sperry's, and timex weekender. clothes are wrinkled from activities. 
Gap shirt + H&M glasses and chinos.I almost feel like the shirt is too blue and the khaki is too khaki for these pieces to go well together. Thoughts? 
Colors work fine together, don't sweat it
It honestly looks good to me.
Probably depends if your shoes can tie them in all together.
what color/type of shoe do you recommend with this fit? 
I honestly have no idea, sorry.  Maybe a pair of workboots, but I'm not sure why or how that would work.  You could also balance it by wearing different socks and shoes, for instance a blue sock (even navy) and a tan to brown shoe, which helps tie and balance everything together.
thanks for the feedback! 
thanks dude
jacket: uniqlo (linen), shirt: ralph lauren, tie: vintage rooster, pants: ralph lauren, shoes: bass
looks nice, but i wish i could see your ankles
i love this
jacket looks to be too long, button up the jacket. I think the pants need to be like 3/4 - 1 inch longer so that you can't see your ankles. The jacket might also be too big on the body, but i can't really tell. It looks like the pants could be a little tighter in the thigh, but i don't think it's necessary. The tie could be pulled off if everything fit correctly, but without a good fit it just kinda looks out of place. I personally would wear khaki chinos, but grey isn't bad. the pieces themselves aren't bad, it's just that the fit needs a little work.   
Why?
White bucks almost inherently demand the ankles to be shown
would be cool
Fair enough
Grandpa? Jokes..Good job on the colours and style, they all fits nicely together. The size fit however does not, maybe the shirt/pants combo are too puffy for my taste with those shoes. The long jacket makes it seem like you're shorter than what you look like!
first fit pic, kinda new to mfa just been lurking for 6 months, be nice pls?.h&m / asos / nike x jcrew
Looks fine 
Solid effort! Everything fits really well, colours are solid. If anything fit is a little basic but that's not a bad thing.
Can't decide which shoes work best. but . H&M / H&M / Vans
Sneaks all the way. Love the H and M shirt, considered buyin it in store but decided not to. $20 seemed steep for H&M quality and a go to hell type pattern. I just snagged some clearance shit instead.
I'm not a fan of those vans, but the aldo looks nice.
Whoa, we've got the same shoes. 
Haha i commented on that pic when you posted it originally 
What watch is that?
Not sure of the exact mode. Just a simple timex watch with brown strap and white/silver face. 
I agree. They look off with the Rata Vulc. Since they're "Surf Siders", I can really only picture them super casual with shorts. 
I got lucky... I found that shirt and a few others on clearance in korea. They were about 5 bucks each.
sneaks for sure
 
Where2cop ninja mask?
What kind of New Balances are those? I'm a fan. 
New balance v45 sneakers, it says so on the link 
NB V45 in white leather
when I googled them yours was the first blog post to come up!
Super late, but my . just came in, left sleeve pushed up to show the Hollows wristband my gf gave me today.Edit: sleeve looks better and bracelet . 
Shirt is cool but is it the exact same color as the pants?
yeah, but they're pajama pants i wasn't really trying to put together a fit. wore them with black jeans and mmm gats today
fucccckck. how is it? so tempted
It's awesome, it's really light and thin, so it's cool in the summer and it's constructed beautifully. Pearl buttons are super nice and I love that it's going to fade. 
[deleted]
just a little more muscle would help the fit of the tee look better
I feel that the fit on that shirt is a little off, perhaps it's just your pose 
It looks fine, not my style though.  Shirt might be a little large on your shoulders.
yeah, its really big and the neck is loose, that's how its supposed to fit, great for hot weather
I feel that it's the shorts. Maybe they will look a bit better with jeans or chinos. 
I know that it's how it's supposed to fit. I think it's just your pose and camera angle, but it looks like the scoop is a little too slutty 
pants probably wouldn't look great with the shoes though... :/
imo this would be best with cropped pants, I think what's holding this back is that the shorts are too "normal"-fitting for the t-shirt fit to seem cool/intentional
damn i dont own any rn :(
would it look good with black jeans rolled up high?
I think black jeans would work here without having to roll them up
First WAYWT ever, after couple of months of lurking. Please disregard my sisters bedroom mess and my face. Not bad for a 250lbs fatass, huh?.Thrifted shirt.NewYorker.New Balance 500 classic
I like the look. I would just say get  some no show socks. Otherwise it's pretty solid. 
I like the fit as well, but I feel like electric blue shorts wouldn't go with much.
You're right, that's why I wear it mostly with black or white shirts.
250? Damn dude, you carry it well.
The Acne isn't working on you, at all. Different shirt or lifting would help tons. Preferably lifting.
You think its too loose?
[deleted]
you cant tell the difference between the model pic and yours? 
I don't think it even looks good on the model. A v-neck would show a similar amount of skin while keeping things proportional (there's a lot of collarbone revealed which looks odd and almost mirrors the face, but on the torso and doesn't look good). Alternatively, a slouch neck tee would be better than this shirt; although, I don't know that I'd wear one personally.
In the arms, definitely. The main problem is that the shirt looks like it's meant to drape a bit in the front, hanging from the chest. So when you take away the bigger chest, it just looks drapey everywhere and bunched up. That's why he suggested lifting. 
but besides that, say i found a shirt of the same color that fit better, would the outfit be good?
Looks good on the model because he has strong clavicle and broader shoulders. I think it looks ok, but it does still look a little big..Edit: See how the shoulder seam slopes off your shoulder by like 1-2"?

May I ask why are you wearing a jacket in the middle of the summer
Parka is seriously one of my most desired items in the world.Awesome fit
thanks! picked it up on ebay recently, very happy with it.
Just curious, how much did you pay for it?
got it for $150 new, not sure if that's a good deal.
Well shit, I'd absolutely pay $150 for it so I'm going to go ahead and say it was
Don't throw money at it, Claudeski makes it look great but I have it and I just don't think it looks that good. The back billows out slightly which makes it look like some jacket-skirt hybrid, the waist uses drawstrings to tighten or loosen it but if you tighten it the string underneath the fabric is very much visible. It's too heavy for most weather types and if you plan to layer with this you'll be sweating buckets unless it's relatively cool..Just saying, Claudeski makes it look great because he gives it a great silhouette, but in real life it has some issues (imo) with the way it looks and feels.
Is it really that bad? I mean, every single picture I've seen of it makes me want it. Is the billow really that noticeable?
Honestly, I do think it is. The worst part is due to it being quite a long parka it makes it look like some sort of skirt silhouette. It may not be as bad for you, I was only warning you not to spend your money so easily based on some pictures taken that try to emphasise how good it is without any discussion on any downsides.
The longer, skirtlike silhouette is part of the reason why I liked it haha.Ugh now I dunno how I should feel

What my past week has been like:. - Merona, Tanner Goods, Simons, Vans. - Asos, Dockers, Oak Street Bootmakers (. on the shoes). - J Crew, Naked + Famous, Air Jordan 1's
Dig the first one a lot, I feel a simple watch with a matching band to your belt would compliment it all well.
How is the sizing on the OSB canoe mocs assuming I want to wear them sans socks most of the time.
I sized down a half to 9.5, usually a 10 in most brands but I do also have 9.5 pair of sperrys that fit great. 
In fit one untuck the shirt and cuff the pants. .In fit two, i'm not really feeling the black shirt. switch to a navy ocbd if you want to keep the dark color. .Fit 3 is the best imo.
Fit 1 is shorts...?
Thats what i meant. like cuff the shorts so it's 1-2 inches above your knees and with the untucked shirt will look a lot better. The ocbd and shorts and canvas sneaks supposed to be casual but the tucked in shirt is saying otherwise.
Cuffed shorts can reach a more desired inseam length and overall look for the preppy style you seem to be aiming for.
Ah. I was confused by your terminology. Thanks. Not my pic, though.
On their site they recommend sizing down a half or full size for sockless. I'm a brannock 9.5E, but fit most 10s fine and my size 9.5 trail oxfords are actually a little big on me. The leather will stretch and conform.
I'm liking all the looks, pretty solid
I'm not digging the colour of the shirt in your second fit. I feel like you are going for a summer sorta prep fit with those cuffed pants and mocs. I think a lighter pastel colour would look nice or perhaps a nice madras. Also I really like the osb mocs 
Thanks for the feedback! Yeah, it's a dark navy. I was interested to try a reversal of the white shirt, navy pant combo.
Ok yeah, that would look a little better. It looks black in the photo 
I blame the phone!

both fits are great. love the shoes in #1 and birks look good in #2
think you should try em folded back down. yesterday's fit is sweet.
yesterday's fit is very cool
dog your shoe game finally :D
Thanks. Haha it's about time. Still could use something else eventually, but it's a start. :)
Yesterday's shirt is real nice.
I like both of these fits, very cool stuff. 
I feel like fit two looks good despite the birks, but def not because of them. Other shoes would probs be better, but as far as birks go, they work in that outfit. Fit one is cool.
What sort of shoes would you have preferred?
Hmm, good questiom. some beat up plimsolls in white or navy(assuming your shirt is navy, otherwise grey?) would probably look pretty good here. 
damn, yesterday. it shows how clearly you understand your proportions, looks great.
oh cool you folded them up. looks cool.
Thanks. I was just trying it out and playing around with them. Probably won't keep it that way. They fit decently though.
Thanks dude. Yeah, I was just playing around with them a bit. I have them folded down again today.
The shoes in the first one look like they're a few sizes too large. Is that intentional?
I believe it is intentional, I think it adds another cool dimension to the fit 
They look like clown shoes imo. I get that they're supposed to be kinda big but there's around two inches of space around his ankle, which makes me think they don't fit correctly.
The way the laces don't go to the top would make me believe otherwise. If they didn't fit then they wouldn't fold out in such an intentional looking way. 
Looks pretty ugly to me, but fashion is subjective.
What don't  you like?
The shoes in the first pic and the floral shirt in the yesterday one.  The birkenstocks are okay.  Don't think too much about my opinion though.  Just a stranger on the internet.
Personally I'm a big fan of the floral.
 & 
I need a pair of navy shorts.
Oi, what Nikes are those?
What are the shorts?
The cheap $16 JCP flat front shorts.
I love those things. 3 pairs myself.
aww yiss. They fit you way better than they fit me.
Thanks. I have 25" thighs so I fill them out pretty well. It's great I fit most shorts perfectly.
26" thighs here and have that exact pair. They fit nicely. 
Wanna high-five in the squat rack?
Yeah lets do that. I wish the squat rack would have a warning label that reads  "Warning: Too much time in squat rack can lead to difficulty finding pants that fit properly."
Right? I got fit before I learned to dress my self better. Never noticed until I traded in my huge cargo shorts and graphic tees how hard it is to find actually good fitting clothes for bigger legs and chest.

Argh, I want some.  .Do you know how the sizing runs?  .I wear a size 10 running shoe [New Balance], 9.5 plimsoll [Vans/PF Flyer], 9 dress shoe [Allen Edmond Park Ave/Strand]
Dang not available in Canada... anyone know where I can get these in Toronto?
If you have ever worn Nikes they fit the same. I wear a 12 in just about all shoes, and they fit true. Maybe a tad big, but If I went down 1/2 size they would be too tight.
I've had enough China for one summer.  I just need this project to wrap up quick-like so I can come home..1 - Brooks Brothers ocbd // LVC '47 // Alden 403 // Filson 258 bag.2 - Brooks Brothers ocbd // Epaulet Rivet chinos // Alden 403 // Filson 258 bag
jdbee, what do you do for work?
damn, the aldens are gorgeous.edit: want to see some fits of u in your cps tho
What do you do in China?
This trip was for a development project.
What do you do for work?
I guess you could call it environmental consulting.
Sounds intresting I'll look into it.
Consulting as in management consulting? Can you expand a bit?.I got accepted to university for Environmental Science and Economics, and eventually in 3rd year that turns into a business programs that shits out iBankers and consultants. I've decided to go with Econ for the first two years. I'm interested in consulting and saving the environment and I wanted to know how I could combine the two.
I'd rather not get super-specific, but enviro-econis a great start.  Get on your school's sustainability committee if you can, get some leadership or entrepreneurial experience doing something you're passionate about, and learn how to talk to all kinds of people.
No problem! Thanks for the help. .*Should I take bio/sustainability courses during school? I don't know if it got through but I decided to take Econ over Env. Science. 
Definitely take some sustainability courses if you're not doing the enviro program.
would you mind linking to the BB ocbd? I struggle navigating through their selections.
These are the shirts I always buy -
thanks!
I think you linked him to the wrong product. That looks like a dress shirt with a button down collar in a smoother weave and not an oxford cloth..I think maybe . is what you meant to link?
Ack - you're right.  So hard to see on my phone.  It's the one you linked to, but I always buy the extra-slim-fit (which isn't all that slim).
Yeah, I meant to link to the extra slim fit but I made a mistake with my linking too..I always look at BB fits as being one off. Their extra slim is more of a slim fit, their slim is more of a regular, regular is a relaxed fit, and traditional doubles as a tent in an emergency.
step it up, senpai. we want a full body shot (_) 
I'm forcing you into my POV instead of letting you sit comfortably with your own.
...I don't know what I just felt, but I didn't like it.
fit one is so cool. i love the color on the lvc's. 
Pardon me and my ignorance, but what does lvc stand for?
Levi's Vintage Collection I'm pretty sure
Close, it's Levi's Vintage Clothing.
Ahhh, of course.
Levis Vintage Clothing.Basically high-end reproductions of Levis' clothes from the 19th and 20th centuries
This trip was for a potential development project that was clearly a no-go by day two.  .
bu hao
translation: no good.source: im part chinese
xie xie..we have now reached the limit of my chinese.
wo de tongxue
Can't see shit from that angle
It's exactly how it looks to me.  I'm putting you in my head.
When did jdbee become John Malkovich.....
The goddamn package came the day after I left.  I've skyped with them a few times though.
It's not summer everywhere.
Damn I forgot. Please excuse my American ignorance. 
are u cosplaying as an old man

Cool. How'd you size the bedford? Measurements I've seen online have the shoulders at 18 for a small which is big but every fit pic I've seen of it the shoulders look fine.
Really enjoying your fits lately. Did you have to tailor the EG jacket at all?
sleeves still need to be shortened, i cuffed them into themselves for now because it's just an inch
Jacket is lovely. 
oh i should say this is a small
Thanks. There's one on yahoo jp auctions I have my eye on.
Man that Bedford jacket is nice
tts. could have gone down on the bedford but not the other jackets
Not really digging the pants or shoes, but the jacket looks pretty fresh.
/fa/ talked about you today. They liked your fit. They talked shit about veroz.
you seriously gonna take /fa/s opinion as legitimate
veroz's fits are awful
Post link 
what
hey
I didn't mean that as an insult to you, fits are cool.just as a general rule it's /fa/
It might be this one: 
Not sure if the relaxed fit on the pants was on purpose but you seem to know what you're doing but i'd prefer my pants with more taper. .fit is super clean though regardless.
  jcrew / epaulet / vans.  supreme / uniqlo / apc / nike
dem raws stacks. mmmm
What size are you on the chinos/what are your measurements? Fit looks good, did you order them online? .Big fan of the APC's.
The selvedge on the epaulets + the vans looks really good m8
which uniqlo shirt is that?
Just a regular oxford
Do you have a link to the specific vans you used?
theyre jcrew x vans
Another alternative is to buy . and just switch out the laces. 
Good idea. Also your link was broken because you linked to VIP zappos.
My bad, thanks for the heads up.
can you post a deets pic on the hat?
far left .its a flight satin camp from f/w2012
oh ok thanks. i own a TON of supreme, was just wondering :) 
whered you pick up the flyknits? 
I don't like the stacks with the flyknits, and I don't think the shirt works with them either. 
got the same flyknits and have problems with them too. have only been able to wear them if i stick with black/white everywhere.
2nd fit is fire man
i was a 31 on the chinos. .for reference heres some other pants i own
What about your APCs?
oh i size 28 or 29 on those. id do two sizes down if i was you but i grew a little in waist size so i wouldve gotten 29s.
I have 29s and am considering getting rivet chinos in 31, so thanks man
yes do 31s in rivet chinos if you do 29 in apcs
I have a hard time finding those flyknits.
they sell out very quickly in the popular colorways, try ebay or reseller groups on facebook
goddamn those stacks.really cant wait til those fade
ugh i know, i have upper thigh and knee fades but like not stack fades. ive had those for a year now. 
I got a pair of 7'' navy shorts at H&M for 29.95$. They've surprised me, worn about 10-15 times and no sign of wear.
I'm gonna get some from Bonobos today I think since they gave me a 20% off and free shipping voucher. Just trying to decide whether to go for 7" or 9" as a 5'10" guy with a 32" waist. 
J Crew, Patagonia, Bonobos, And Brooks Brothers all have shorts in a 7" I believe.
Yo you gotta get them Pattagucci stand ups bro. 
Anyone know how feasible it would be to hem a 9" short to a 7" short?
Jcrew Bonobos patongia, gap (8")
hemming shorts is very easy and simple. I have done it for a couple pairs myself, but I cannot imagine a tailor asking too much per pair. It is the same processes as hemming pants.
Women's department? :)
har har.
I think it's kinda BS that there's a ton of options if you're looking for 9" shorts at any price range between $15 and $150 but if you're looking for 7" you're basically forced to go with a mid-higher end brand like J.Crew and dish out like $50 even with a sale. Looking good ain't cheap these days man.
J crew factory frequently has sales where they end up at 20-30 bucks. Pretty standard price for some nice colors
J Crew Factory doesn't have 7". 
Whoops, sorry about that. I recently bought some 9 inch from them just assumed they would have 7s as well
patagonia has the 7 inch stand up shorts, i know outliers has a shorter inseam but i cant remember exactly what it is.
Three way longs are 11
Three ways are 8.5
Three way trunks are 5.5
ok yea thanks m8
NP babe
.
J-Crew
i'v heard that people have problems with not liking the meermin last, but they will definitely be higher quality than tb. also what metcarfre said about the color 
Meermin - I don't believe the TBs are welted. Email Meermin regarding sizing, they may be able to accommodate you. Also, I'd recommend a brown pair rather than black.
Thanks.  I've just contacted Meermin indicating such a request..I, too like the dark brown pair very much.  Is there a particular [technical] reason for your recommendation, or is it preference? 
Monks, being a more casual style, will be much more versatile as such.
sure post pics bruh bruh
Posted them in the description! 
ah yea thanks..with the way it looks, id have to compare it to going clean-shaven. as it is, i think it could look better grown out a little more, or alternatively, just staying clean-shaven depending on how that looks.
Clean shaven is a no-go because I look like a young mythical creature without  a beard (skinny & short male, here).
can you grow it out anymore or is that as much as it goes?
I can, it just sorta starts going more for that chin-strap angle.
huh ok, in that case id just keep the neck shaved and let the rest grow out.
I'd shave the sideburns and cheeks,  keeping the stash and chin. Facial hair always looks best when it's manicured.  Trying to grow it where it is spotty and uneven will maintain your youthful appearance,  despite your intentions.  Remove the uneven areas all together and trim/manicure the thicker areas. This will maintain a more mature look,  because it will look like you can grow it thick and bust everywhere,  but choose to trim it back to the areas you've chosen. Especially focus on keeping the horizontal edges of the upper lip straight and not wispy to strengthen this look. 
When you mention you need something, you need to state a price range as "quite expensive" means one thing to me and another to you..ctshirts.com needs to be given a look as they have shirts from $40 to $200
A humble tip, pay attention to the collar of the shirt; choose one that flatters your head and face shape and compliment your jacket and tie..Regadless the cost, a cheap dress shirt, with a nice neck collar will do wonders.
Sidenote: I don't think anyone here would consider Express to be a 'great,' or even middle of the road, dress shirt. They're solidly 'okay,' with some terrible colors to choose from. 
Depends on what fits you best, Calvin Klein wlim fit fits me best, lord and Taylor had some on sale for 25 + 30% off and ha a coupon for another 20% off. Bought 2 of those an one 60 marked down. 
Target has some dress shirts that are exactly the same AFAIK so check those out.h&M
I've been trying to mention this to everyone. .If there is a Plato's closet around you, I would strongly suggest going to it. .I stopped in one for the first time the other day and they had a huge selection of Express dress shirts in various colors for 12-14 dollars a piece. .The jeans were all Abercrombie, Hollister, AE, and Express for all 12-14 dollars too. .Seriously killer prices for nice clothing. 
I work at Express Beverly Center. I am always impressed with the variety of fits they have to perfectly fit one's body, but I do not think their quality is worth the price. Though, they feel and look great in my honest opinion, when you find the right match, but many times I have found that sizing becomes difficult when one doesn't exactly fit or feel like the other. This is especially true in their jeans. Most of all though, I feel their selection has become very hit and miss in the recent years with their latest attempts to recreate fashion. It's beginning to make these items hard to sell with their unfavorable patterns and same old solid colors. Check it out though, the colors are vibrant and we at times get a limited edition that really catches the eye. As for the price. The trick is to check for when we have 1MX's Buy One Get One 19.90, and then look for the Buy $70 Get $20 off coupon online..Update: Here is that coupon i was speaking of. . 
 hat of his is atrocious.
we need to bring snapbacks back again.
It drives me nuts when you see guys wearing hats of different teams all the time. .Case in point: One of my friends saw a guy in her class with a Colorado Rockies Tattoo on his arm. The guy was wearing a red sox hat one day and an NL West team that wasn't the rockies the day after. .DUDE PICK YOUR TEAM
I'm a Marlins fan, yet I have over 10 MLB hats from other teams. I have a firm rule that I collect one hat from every MLB ball park I visit, so I tend to wear these hats from time to time because I don't want them to go unused. It doesn't make me less of a Marlins fan. 
[deleted]
The hats look childish or the youths wearing them look childish?
Someone slap me if I even end up like this guy. 
I get a weird feeling that i would hate to drink with you for some reason, idk. 
Those Alliance Spartans, Boston and Expos hats are money.

Where I grew up it was popular to pick one hat - in my case a burnt orange Texas Longhorns cap - and wear the living hell out of it. I don't wear it anymore but I still have it, and I still love it. The plastic in the brim is poking out, there are tears throughout, and you can hardly call it orange. No matter how my style changes, I'll never ever throw that thing away.
Exactly. At least on the family farm, a hat was a took for keeping the sun off of your head, and not a fashion item. If it still did the job, why throw it out?
So hats were the raws of that era pretty much
My favorite is a camo LSU hat that literally has no fabric left. Still have it. Still covered in duck tape. Still won't throw it away for some reason. :)

Already came back. Pretty much every hat I see is either a snapback or 5-panel.
Success!
Part of the reason I like ebbets stuff so much, the older designs are really simple. That bears hat is lovely.

Try looking for button ups that are "fitted". Also I don't know where you live but a great place to get button ups for cheap is Burlington Coat Factory. They also sell ties, bow ties, shoes, SLIM PANTS (oh fuck yeah), and many other clothes that go well with button ups..Hope this helps!
j. crew and uniqlo both sell slim fitting button ups. also post this in simple questions so you can get more visibility and we dont have a bunch of unnecessary threads up
Button down refers to the collar. Button up refers to shirts that button up.  Which one are you using?
i was referring to shirts that button up, guess i made a mistake in the terminology
are those camp mocs in the first pic??

I don't think a lot of what he's doing is "right". But dam if he doesn't look comfortable in his skin. I can't criticize him. Looks like he's doing what he wants, that has its own appeal.
his hair is cool..sometimes I jealous of guys with really light colored hair, since it tends to really stand out even if it's in a boring cut.
Reminds me a lot of Bubble from Trailer Park Boys 
Excellent post. Swag for decades, literally. You could slip that first photo into a WAYWT and no one would blink..I would love to see more artist inspo albums like this.
Unabashedly Prep had a post on him a while back: 
This is a lovely post! He's definitely still got it. 
I don't know their names, but some of his most famous paintings have been created within a mile of where I live in Yorkshire! 
great post man, appreciate the effort of properly accrediting and titling all the photos instead of just copying and pasting a google search. It'd be nice to have a brief history about the man himself too.
[deleted]
loved loved loved loved this..My grandad made a few of his suits in the 60's in Leeds. Fantastic artist and what a look.
Thanks. I've got a couple other artist albums that I'm working on, so you'll definitely see some more.
[deleted]
Nice! Yeah, he was born in Yorkshire I believe.
[deleted]
Just because his clothes aren't conventional doesn't mean you can't learn anything from him. If nothing else take appreciation of a painters use and pairing of colours.
If anyone's wondering, he's homosexual. I know it's kind of a taboo to bring up sexuality in . but that's what he is. 
I don't know if it is taboo, but it seems pretty irrelevant.
Thanks. I'm a writer/researcher by profession, so citations are in my blood. It's second nature.
Yep. That, more than anything else, is what I find inspirational about his style. I'm not likely to incorporate many specifics from any of it, but the way he wears what he wears is pretty great.
Typically, I don't get much out of albums but I'm glad you posted.  Recently, I've been thinking about fashion beyond what looks the best and into what pleases/expresses me the most. .I'm actually about to make quite a jump in my personal style and this album took much of the tension out of it.
Yeah, as I was putting this together I noticed that he seems to have swept through a bunch of blogs a few month ago. I'm not sure what the sudden interest is all aboutjust one of those things I guess. . had a feature on him recently as well.
To be completely honest, I hadn't even heard of Mr. Hockney before the Unabashedly Prep post.
Ha, no he's not. You're right. I've been going mostly belt-less recently, often justifying it to myself with a: "If Hockney can do it..."
It's cool to see how his style and artwork evolved over the years. Great post!
Thanks! Glad you liked it.
He's actually well-known for being cheery, exuberant and personable.
That guy kinda looks like a fashionable adult Joffrey.
I love how this album is interspersed with his illustrations, it really sets the tone of the album. Reminds me of .'s cyberpunk album.
Could I have a link to the cyberpunk album?

My first impression was that his first couple of photos wouldn't be too out of place on here, almost half a century later. 
Damn his glasses are cool.
I've seen thick rimmed, and I've seen round, but damn he got 'em both..I don't know what it means to "be able to pull it off" but I still want to say that most people couldn't "pull off" those glasses. 
Woody Allen says ..
I need to watch more Woody Allen..Watch Manhattan. It's really good. 
Thanks for the rec, but you're saying this to one of the biggest Woody Allen fans there is haha. I've seen it multiple times 
Oh, cool, yeah I've just seen Manhattan and Annie Hall. Which should I watch next? 
Hannah and Her Sisters is great. I like his 70s comedy films a lot, so Sleeper and Love and Death are both good. Oh and Midnight and Paris is amazing.
Stardust Memories. Assuming that you've seen Fellini's 8 1/2..It was pretty poorly received when it came out but is, far and away, my very favorite Woody Allen film. Incredibly inventive and surprisingly moving and helped along immensely by Gordon Willis' gorgeous cinematography. (He also shot Manhattan and Annie Hall, as well as a few other Allen movies [not to mention the Godfather trilogy], but is at his best, in my opinion, on Stardust Memories.)
Why should I see 8 1/2 first? Is Stardust Memories like a thematic sequel to 8 1/2, or is the latter just a better movie in your opinion that should be watched first? 
Stardust Memories is considered, by many, as almost a parody of 8 1/2. But in my view, calling it a parody trivializes the relationship between the two movies. It is actually more of an homageI'd honestly call it a love letter from one director to another. It makes a number of explicit references to 8 1/2, imitates it visually in many scenes, andmore generallypicks up and re-investigates a lot of the same themes that Fellini established..You don't . to see 8 1/2 beforehand. That is, you'll understand and enjoy Stardust Memories just fine without it. But watching 8 1/2 first will make for a richer viewing experienceyou'll be able to pick out the references and probably get more out of it..But also, if you are interested in film, 8 1/2 is just definitely worth watching for its own sake. It's phenomenal: a beautifully idiosyncratic and personal statement from a cinematic heavyweight. 
He definitely can tho.
Not sure if novelty account....
That was the idea at first, but when I stopped using my first "normal" account because I had too much personal info there, I just went and used this one. 
why would you do that? 
I think it looks better without the N.
I took a seam ripper to an old pair of New Balance 574's and removed the N's from both sides on both shoes. Honestly, I think it looks okay, but I'm wondering how it would look on a newer pair (Where the N under the patch might have less fading, I guess?). I have pairs in maroon, dark green, navy, and grey. Thoughts?.This is the other side: 
It looks better with the N. I can imagine the sleeker version of new balance you were going for, but to me it just looks like 574s that are somehow wrong
Haha, I still don't know how I feel about them. It makes me think of the perforated swoosh on Nike Blazers.
imo blazers without the swoosh are still a fine looking sneaker, you can find other sneakers that use a similar silhouette without the nike logo (I hate to give common projects as an example but it's my example). But I think the 574, for all its visual weight, really works because all the space is filled. Taking the N out of the middle makes it look clumsy. A more "minimalist" 574 doesn't really make sense to me
That's a really good point..Curious, though, what's a particularly "bulky" minimalist shoe? 
Are you looking for sneakers specifically? I'm not the most knowledgable person but if you're looking for something that's less busy than NB 574s but not quite a "minimalist" sneaker, maybe think about adidas or vans sk8 his? MFA also likes nike killshots sometimes (primarily when they're in the j crew colorway)
I've got some Adidas Campuses from J. Crew either last year or the year before, but find them to have too slim of a profile. I ask for bulky because I feel like slimmer shoes look odd with my size. Especially in shorts.
honestly without pictures (either of what you're trying to emulate or what you think is wrong with what you're doing now) or some really great description I can't really understand what you're trying to achieve well enough to suggest anything, I feel like I almost get it but not enough.
i don't think that looks very good either 
looks like shit 
i agree, i don't think the color way was terribly good in the first place. The fact that you can see where the N was before looks especially bad.
yeah that's exactly it
It can work if you wear it unlaced, otherwise it looks too tight around the ankle and screws with aesthetics
yeah it doesn't really work 
Some people can manage to pull it off. You seem to be doing an okay job with it but it would look so much better with boat shoes or sneakers.
I don't think it works if you're dressing 'basic' everything else w/ them. Like, you could go towards a certain aesthetic where they'd fit in more (mori, goofninja, archaeologistcore). And I think the shorts would need to be pretty short or pretty long (raf length/ mid calf).
Man, they make your feet look gigantic.
At the very least, don't combine boots and shorts basically below. keep them higher.
I do it all the time and I like it,  personally. I've never gotten any flak for it. I usually wear them with denim or khaki shorts and simple collared shirts or even slim fit tees sometimes. give it a shot. 
It's a very hard look to pull off, indeed. I think the most important factor is whether or not you are comfortable enough with your style choice to wear them without looking stupid. If you feel confident enough to put yourself out there wearing a 'controversial' look, do it!
I don't like the look. .I think shorts and desert boots/high tops looks unbalanced, for the average man. Unless you're successfully pulling off some goth-ninja shit. 
Yeah, I think the only way to really pull it off would be to play up the functional outdoor aspect of them. Wool socks and some other more rugged outdoor accessories. If you can make it look like you are wearing them for a functional purpose it could work.. But might be best to avoid it if you have other options.
Collar extenders for shirts whose collars are a little too tight. I keep one in my wallet incase I'm at a party or at work and my collar is a little too tight throughout the day as my neck might swell from the heat. you just put them in your button slot and they extend the collar about 2 button-lengths..mine are plastic and i have a lot of them so I don't care if i lose them, however. not metal. doesnt seem like it would matter
Haha, came here to say metal collar stays. :P .To everyone else: Metal collar stays!.Pocket squares are probably a good pick here. Becuse they're a bit more versatile in what they work with, if you just pick up a random paisely or floral pattern, it'll probably work with SOMETHING now or later, so you might as well. 
i bought those magnetic collar stays off of amazon, certain shirts i cant wear without them.
Never heard of these, just looked 'em up and I still don't know what purpose they serve. All of my dress shirts have regular collar stay slots which I utilize, but what in the world do you need a magnetic collar stay for?
the magnetic ones hold the tip of your collar in place with respect to your shirt.  if a shirt doesn't have enough structure, the collar can lay flat and you look like a douche.
Haven't personally used those, but they look super useful if you have that problem. I just wash and hang dry my shirts fully buttoned. 
Most reviews/people I've talked to who have tried them say there's no difference between the magnetic stays and regular metal ones, except that the magnetic ones are a bit less convenient because you have to place a magnet.
extra laces? including leather or boot laces to put in your plimsolls if you feel like it
Band aids if you wear your shoes sock less. You'll regret not doing it 
I just got some no-show socks today and my life has changed for the better. 
On top of this you can use moleskin pads to prevent/alleviate potential blisters. 
My girlfriend just got me a . for my birthday and I'm so much more organized now, its great.
Tie Clip.Cufflinks.Pocket Squares
protip: Buy a shirt that needs cufflinks before buying cufflinks, unless it's a really good deal or something. Make sure you ask yourself if you will ACTUALLY use them. 
[deleted]
Cloth tape measures, measuring your clothing makes online shopping really easy especially ebaying vintage stuff.
So much this. Especially for picking up used bespoke and MTM suits. Not having a cloth tape is like going in totally blind.
Grab a seam ripper if you don't already own one. 
Every sophisticated, classy, dapper . . should own a french cuff shirt.
[deleted]
What job requires cuff links?
[deleted]
guess what not everybody is an accountant 
Damn. Just saw this. Happen to be in DC this weekend and not really doing anything tonight. Oh well, next time. Hope it went well. 
I think I'm gonna come, see you there!
The exact day that I left DC..
Oops, I forgot about this. The Standard is awesome though, good choice. Hope it is going well!
Levi's 505 in black doesn't have spandex, much to my chagrin. 
Must cost less
whats up with you and elastane in jeans?   
Denim purists don't like them and I admit in any raw denim of mine I'd want it to be 100% cotton always, but for black skinnys I'll be damned if I don't get at least 2% elastane, fits better feels better and they're not raw so it doesn't really matter. 
you can find a number of really dark almost black raw denim jeans; i think that a lot of people wear black skinny jeans and that's why. 
No idea, but I prefer elastane in my jeans, you get less knee bags
and a lot more comfy 
I believe this is due to black jeans being more vulnerable to fading. Adding elastane A: slightly reduces fading and B: allows you to wear jeans more before they become stretched out.
Are you talking about Skinny jeans? Because, I understand why they would have elastic in them(to fit to your legs). But in terms of all black jeans having elastane, I'm not sure. I'm have a few pair of black jeans that don't have any spandex or elastane in them but theyre just a tapered pair, and not skinny. So maybe your just looking at skinny jeans? or slim jeans? 
I can't say I've ever worn skinny jeans, so I'd imagine not.
Oh right. Mmmm I have no idea then :/ 
Here's some black levi's all with less than 5% elastane. .Hope that helps!

White sneaks, indigo jeans, white t. If it's hot and outdoors, white button-down with rolled sleeves or polo if you like em and some shorts. Navy or mint would be killer, but literally any color works with white.
BLACK.Just kidding.  Perhaps a white linen shirt and white linen pants because it's summer.
When in doubt, turn to 
This shirt: 
Just wear whipped cream and sing some Vanilla Ice.
TIL a surprising percentage of MFA has never heard of a white party. 
Can anyone tell what he's wearing in that?
White canvas sneakers with cream/offwhite jeans and what i assume is either a grey or light blue polo
Thanks very much. Any idea what brand jeans they are?.Edit: Also. Any idea on the glasses?
Head to toe MMM
white jeans with a cream crew neck tee or polo, and either white JPs/Vans or white bucks..you could also wear a belt to break up the look
given the time period (early 60s late 50s) and the slim fit of the jeans i'd say levi 501's in the '55 model.
Wow, thank you. I'll check them out.
just thought you should know, the '55 model is currently only produced by levis Vintage clothing, and is alot more expensive. try getting them in a different fit, or you could get the white 501 shrink to fits, size down an inch in the waist, size up 2 inches on the length, and shrink em down so they are slimmer than most 501s :).good luck
Great! Thanks for the help!
Go find a white tux with wide lapels and bring your own disco ball. 
Sounds rather racist at first glance. Certainly made me do a double take..White/cream jacket or some such thing? White shirt?
Don't call it a black shirt that's racist call it an African American shirt. How are clothes requirements racist? 
Because the phrase "all white" without any immediate context has a pretty strong connotation of segregation.._Topher_ didn't even say, "all white clothing." He said, "all white graduation party." That . pretty racist.
All white.
That is the weirdest theme for a casual graduation party I have ever heard of... 
Anything you want; provided you're a white person. Otherwise you're not even allowed to go. 
If you're white I suggest you go naked.
And if you're black grab some white paint
A KKK uniform?
dammit, I was too slow.
You beat me to it.
I'd say it depends more on what you already have. The captoes, being more conservative, will also be more versatile, so I'd recommend them if they'll be your only pair of black dress shoes for a while. However, if you already have a few pairs of versatile shoes, go for something fun. .It's been my experience that the leather quality can vary quite a bit with ct-shoes, so if you can, get to a store where you can actually look at the shoe you're buying instead of ordering online. 
Yeah this would be my first decent pair of dress shoes - I've been buying cheaper 50 shoes for a while now and they last 6 months tops. Buy cheap buy twice as they say..When you say the quality of the leather varies, what should I be looking for as a giveaway of  good or bad quality?
I have a hard time putting it in words... The most obvious things are blemishes, or a plastic-y feel. If it seems to crease only from putting your foot in the shoe. Go somewhere and try on a . leather shoe, and you'll know the difference when you see/feel it.
i don't have an opinion here, but i figure i have some info the will help. you can get a pair of allen edmonds Park Avenues (captoe oxfords) for $229 right now through nordstrom or a local allen edmonds store (you'll have to show them the nordstrom sale and ask them to price match it). right now the sale is not on unless you're a nordstrom card holder, but it will start on the 19th and go until august 1st. even though the sale isn't on at nordstrom, I just showed them that it's coming up to my local allen edmonds and they gave me the discount.
I absolutely love wholecuts. Imo they're the pinnacle of beauty when it comes to dress shoes. That being said, a cap toe is far more versatile than a wholecut, and will serve you better in the long run (especially since you say this will be your primary black dress shoe for the foreseeable future). I once heard someone say that the black cap toe is both the most important shoe in your wardrobe and the one you'll wear least frequently, which I believe to be pretty true. I, regrettably, have no experience with the brands you've listed. I do strongly recommend doing shoe shopping in person, however, as opposed to online.
Hi, thanks for the advice. I went shopping today and tried the ct wholecuts on and boy were they ugly. However the trip was not wasted as i found a pair of . Italian leather toe cap Oxfords for only 150. You're right, while wholecuts are beautiful it was much harder to find a decent pair in my price point and these cap toes are lovely - really well fitting and flattering.
You know what? I think I'm going to go with the wholecuts. My head is saying go with the cap toes but my heart has fallen for the lines of the ct wholecuts - just look at the curve coming off the top of the laces into the ankle. Yum..I think once I get a job I can invest in a couple of pairs of brogues for more everyday usage and save the wholecuts for dressier occasions. A sound plan or slightly barking? I know the cap toes are classic but the other elements of my formal wardrobe which are coming together are kind of a contemporary and slightly witty take on classic English tailoring and I think the brogueing on the wholecuts ties in with this nicely.
Your last sentence leads me to believe you're wanting to go with the CT wholecuts with broguing, correct?.I don't really see the point in getting wholecuts with brogue detailing. The beauty of the wholecut lies in it's simplicity; in the single piece of leather perfectly stretched over a last. Brogueing (broguing? what an awkward word), for me, just gets in the way of the desired aesthetic. If you want brogues, get a nice pair of wingtips or something. 
Yeah that's right. Tbh I'm more in love with the lines and shape of the shoe than the brogue patterning (I think that's possibly a better term than brogueing). If I could find a wholecut with a similar shape and trim and without the brogue I'd be right on it. Unfortunately ct don't do any without the pattern so at my price point I'm compromising between shape and styling, hence the dilemma.
do you mean the whiteish texture?
Yeah the stripey style, and the thin/light cloth.
Thats not a button-down shirt. (Button-down shirts have buttons to . their collars). .Can't really help you with anything else though, sorry.
I'll need to remember that. Thanks though.
It's linen.
Kinda looks like a chambray shirt.
Needs more moustache.
He looks like a Ryan Gosling impersonator. 
On Wednesday I was looking at . before getting a haircut and there were two pictures of this guy. With his sunglasses on we look very similar and it sort of shocked me the first time I saw his picture. Glad to know I can follow his blog and become his doppelganger.
[deleted]
You. I want you.
Is that a joke question? Not sure if I should be offended....  or laugh. 
As a Canadian, I always thought tuxedoes looked different, like what you wear to weddings. Looks like I was wrong.
Ask Dan Auerbach.
This guys blog really makes me want to buy a pair of Tortoise Clubmasters. I've been on the fence about them for a while. When I tried them on in the store, I couldn't decide whether I liked them or not. 
Question: For the denim on denim to work, do the two pieces need to match in terms of tone/color? Or is there a secret to pulling off the denim on denim?
He kind of has the Ryan Gosling look if you ask me.
These shades are awfully similar. TBH I don't think 99% of guys can pull off the double denim look, maybe in a cool model shot but not in real life.  Is it so hard to just throw on a pair of chinos when you want to wear your denim jacket?
I think to complete the full Canadian tux, it needs more beard. Maybe it's just me, but....
Is Canadian Tux actually a thing? Or is it just supposed to be a redneck tux because of the denim?
I am a stylist I can help you pull it off. How tall are you and how much do you weigh in stones (UK)? 
well, a canadian tuxedo would require a denim shirt as I understand it.
I feel like as long as the wash is different then denim on denim is never a problem. 
Ok, everybody shut up shut up! .What kind of boots are those? Fucking amazing. 
Excellent comments as always. Thanks, guys LOL.
Club masters == 
The problem with this is that he looks great standing still (next to an old school RV[/private domicile]). I'm not so sure about how great this would be in real life.
This guy is pretty much my fashion idol, love to see his photos on here.
Need more denim.
No.  Canadian tuxedos include a jean shirt along with the jeans and jean jacket.  This is just a well dressed guy that likes denim.
I'm still curious when the Canadian tuxedo became stylish to wear again.
Step 1. Look like this guy.Step 2. Wear anything..Step 3. Look good doing it.
I'm too ignorant to offer an opinion on your question but what kind of sunglasses are those?
Why is everything so tight? Is that a style now? What type of females like this look? I'm just curious people don't dress in tight ckothes like this where I'm from (New York).
Ironic that he calls his blog "stay classic" when much of his style is very trendy. Or does MFA think ultra-short jackets, rolled up pants and no socks are here to stay?
Not to say I didn't get some ideas, lots of his stuff looks great, just take it was a grain of salt. 
god dammit 
Here are some other "denim on denim" looks from me:
I like this. I'm curious what other pants one might wear with the shirt/jacket though. I often have trouble wearing my jean jacket cause I like my blue jeans so much. Any suggestions?
It's a Keswick dinner jacket.
Pretty sure this is one of those outfits that looks great in a modeling shot but would look horrible in real life. But swap out those jeans for a different shade and you can pull it off.
I do denim on denim pretty often, but will go with a black, grey or camel jacket. My raw denim jacket really only gets worn with khakis or colored jeans.
Question: blue denim jacket + black jeans, is this acceptable? 
I think you pulled the Canadian tuxedo off really well :) It looks extremely stylish and love that you cuffed the jeans.  Gives it a nice style..Check out these links to get more Canadian tuxedo styles:. and 
The way I see it, they either have to be completely different tones/colours or exactly the same, like in this picture. What doesn't work in my opinion is when they have similar shades but not quite identical..Like . said though, it is much easier to pull off light and dark together than identical fabric, unless you . know what you're doing.
Double denim has always been stylish if pulled off correctly. It looks good, it sort of captures that American bad boy feel that is so sought after. 
Dark wash jeans, khaki chinos, olive chinos, yellow chinos, red chinos, black jeans..At least, that's what I do.
Fitted clothes make your body look better than if you had loose clothing. I think that most people, not just females would appreciate someone who is able to look fitter, taller and slimmer than someone who gains weight when they put on their clothes. 
Looks extremely tight to me, not fitted.
Just out of curiosity, what would you consider fitted?
Not a jacket that's above the waist, wearing a pants so when you bend or sit, not being able to see ankles. You know, something that fits properly, not tight clothing.
You just described very oversized clothing, especially the bit about pants..Slimmer fits tend to be considered more fashionable these days.

How am I supposed to respond to someone who believes that dressing is solely to impress the opposite sex? 
Honest question here, where in New York are you from? There are people in almost every urbanized area that wear clothes that are a little more fitted to their bodies.
Just have a difference in the shades of denim, or you could wear some heavier chinos. I know that h&m had some nice ones last fall. Look for anything that is duck canvas, or a very heavy twill. 
I wouldn't say everything is tight, maybe slim, but more so just properly fitting. And dudes definitely wear slim clothes pretty much everywhere. 
Why would that matter?
so I can advice you on the right size and fit to buy mate. To achieve that look certain parts of the outfit need to be a baggy fit but others need to be fitted 
Ah right, makes sense. What would you advise for 6 foot and 14 stone?
Well if you are 6 foot and 14 stone then I advice you go for a slim fitted pair of jeans and not skinny. The denim jacket should be fitted and the shirt that can be a medium fit loose enough to wear tucked out of jeans but tight enough to wear tucked in. Those shoes are cool but they look like a rockport rip off! .. They usually cost over 100 pounds here. But they will last a lifetime. I think the shades do not work they are too smart casual for this look I think you should go with a classic pair of ray ban wayfarer's. Let  me know if you need any more help. 
Thanks for the advice, slim jeans are definitely my go to jeans so I've got that part down! 
Perfectly acceptable.
It's a line from ..
Ray-Bans Clubmasters. They're gorgeous, aren't they? 
Thanks! Yes, yes they are gorgeous! That's why I asked! 
Ahh... to be honest, what you just described isn't really tight clothing, just shorter clothing. His pants here are cuffed intentionally to expose more of his boots. If you have nice boots, there's no reason not to show them off. And I actually like wearing jackets that end around where my belt is. I feel that a shorter jacket makes your legs look a little longer, hence giving the allure of being taller.
That's the biggest key to looking good. 
they work in the context of the shot, but irl they probably look wank and far too tight 
You think that's skinny? I'm even skinnier and I wear 510s.
A "Canadian Tuxedo" is a wry name for double denim. Not an actual tuxedo. 
No, in the US double denim is often called a "Canadian Tuxedo".
hipster fashion since the 90s has tried so hard to appear bohemian - you know you're doing it right if you can just add a couple of meth sores and you look like you just got out of jail
What a worthless way to spend time. Trolling fashion subs 3edgey5me 
Depends, . an American tuxedo?
Here is my go at it, posted in Outfit feedback check awhile back. I think the most important thing with this fit is the difference between wash of the jacket and pant, and making sure a visible wash difference is notable. 
yours is better.
What boots is he wearing?
Now fork over $150.LOL
Well at a hundred and fifty bucks they're not cheap but they're not prohibitively expensive either, especially if they're good quality glasses that would last a couple of years. Assuming of course that I didn't sit on them or lose 'em.
I want a pair SO bad, but for now, my Wayfarers are alright. 
more if you want polarized lenses. which i mean, if you're buying sunglasses why aren't you buying polarized.
I bought a pair of clubmaster optics and as far as I'm concerned I don't need another pair of glasses ever. They're well worth the money, in other words. 
I have the police version and they are amazing in shape, i can see so much more through these than a thinner/narrower pair of glasses
The quality does not account for the price as much as the fact that they are produced by the ..
This is completely true and Warby Parker is the only exception I can think of. They have a huge variety of frames too.
It's not really a monopoly as a brand loyalty thing. When I had my wayfarers people would always ask if they were authentic. As if there was no alternative to ray-bans, when in reality there are a number of other brands that offer a similar or superior product at various price points. There is this belief that you can't really be authentic unless you have the product produced by the original creator 
I did not mean Ray Ban, but their owners, Luxottica. The price point of most brand or designer sunglasses is terribly inflated because they are all produced by this same Italian company. Ray Ban, Persol, Oakley, D&G, Chanel, ., you name it. Luxottica also happens to own most optometrists in the US, which means there's almost no competition. Ask someone who bought a pair of Ray Bans in the 90s or earlier (they are probably still holding up just fine) how much they paid. Ray Bans are good, but there's no way they are worth $150 when you could get the old, more durable ones for $30..Edit: Apparently I was wrong about Gucci. Bad memory.
Ok, they don't make Gucci, and you're off about a lot here. Do you remember how out of style Ray Ban was in the 90s? Do you know why? Because B&L was unloading them cheaply. That took Ray Ban from a fashion item to a tool. As a result they fell out of style. Lux bought them and made them exclusive again, and they came back into style and have stayed. Sorry, this is fashion, exclusivity and style tend to go hand and hand. Also, made in Italy, they cost more to manufacture than you give them credit for. Basically, you only somewhat know what you're talking about and you're spreading information that isn't wholly correct. Ask someone that worked in the industry.
How am I off about a lot? Please elaborate. Believe it or not, I have indeed spoken to numerous people in the industry. Although, if working in the industry means working for Sunglass Hut, Sears or any of the other Luxottica-owned retailers, I doubt their objectivity.."Exclusive" seems like bullshit marketing speak. How are they exclusive? I can get them anywhere, and they are pretty mainstream. That's not a bad thing, mind you, as I said, they are quality sunglasses. I personally think they are overprized. A Persol 714 will always be a cool and iconic product, just like the Clubmaster or the Wayfarer. But there is no such thing as authentic or exclusive Ray Bans or Persols, when they are manufactured by the same people in the same factory out of the same batches of supplies (probably). If I'm going to drop that kind of money on sunglasses I'd rather do it on a quality brand that is not part of this monopoly, or pay a little more for great quality.


the massive collar gap is the bigger issue imo 
I honestly don't have an issue with it. He's a photographer, IIRC, so it makes sense that he tries to remain business casual while remaining cool. 
He manages to look unprofessional, defeating the point of a buttoned-up formal suit. This is also a formal suit, and not a casual suit. This look would work with a casual suit. The bare ankles draw attention to the short length of the trousers, making him look like he's wearing someone else's pants, who presumably actually fits in them..If you want to look more casual, wear a more casual suit or wear your formal suit more casually, don't take classic formal wear and do something goofy with it. You wouldn't take a tuxedo and then wear flip-flops, the same principle applies.
I think the tuxedo/flip-flops analogy isn't perfect; he's still wearing formal shoes, it's a totally different drawing away of attention. But that's style, what some people don't like, others do, right? 
True story. Fashion is and always will be subjective. It's like art.
Oh, I have chinos and wear them with my denim jacket frequently. It's just that I also favor occasionally mixing my medium wash denim jacket with dark wash jeans. For some reason, they work really well. 
What color is your jacket? It's Levi's, right? I like the fade.
more contrast = better
Dark summit.
this is a really simple outfit but it works better than the one in the OP picture, in my opinion. 
It's the contrast. The dark wash jeans make the lighter jacket much easier to pull off.
That guy is skinny, and if you look at the picture again they are not skin-tight. 
Is there a problem with this? He is obviously demonstrating a type of style usually referred to as #menswear. This style usually incorporates an ostentatious twist on trad style. Sometimes they have a prep gth piece incorporated or they just menswear to the next level. 
Those are all more casual suits, perfectly suited to such an exercise. This dude is in a formal suit which is buttoned up, so it's like wearing flip flops with a tuxedo. The more classic and formal the suit, the more careful you need to be about your twist.. a good example of a more formal suit worn casually. This would probably work with a more casual shoe.
He's wearing a double breasted blazer, that isn't formal at all.  Perhaps the navy colour is throwing you off, but you'll see numerous suits with double breasted blazers and unbuckled monks with no socks at pitti uomo. Most will be in some sort of tweed though as I believe it is held during the fall. 
You're confusing .
Double breasted would be more formal..The reason I classify this suit as more formal is that the fabric has a sheen, the jacket and trousers are of a dark color and match and are of a classic fit through most of the body (look at the shoulders), he's wearing a tie with a clip, and he's got it buttoned. That all qualifies as a more formal look. To balance that he has a short trouser and no socks..It's a schizophrenic look and uncomplimentary rather than artfully unique, not duplicated by anything  from the pitti uomo stuff you hold so dear. Find me a picture of anyone with a style like that in there. The closest I can find is . in which the guy clearly has a casual suit of light color, unbuttoned, no tie, the jacket doesn't match the trousers, etc. His hair isn't even neat.
Oh shit you're right, I guess I just glanced at the photo focusing on the shoes. I would still contend that his fit isn't very formal and that there really isn't anything wrong with not wearing socks. The fit isn't anything incredible, and the sock less double monks look a little contrived when I actually look at the photo. But it isn't bad
Jacket - American Eagle - $89.Shirt: J. Crew Factory - $40.Jeans: American Eagle - $26.Boots: Beacon Boot - Sebago (Bonobos).Sunglasses -  Ray Ban Clubmaster in Tortoise - $89.Watch: Timex Easy Reader - Target - $29
I'm very impressed that you can identify all of that so readily.
Can't find Sebago Beacon boots. :(
Here are an alternative: .I love my Jackman Mocs and I'm sure these are every bit as nice.

IIRC, guy in photo has a blog where he posts fits and line items each piece.

Ray Bans are $89 in the US? Damn clothing etc. is cheap there.
They were available at Canadian Costco's for that much not too long ago.
Retail is 150 I think? That's how much I usually see them for
I know! Clubmaster glasses are like 250$ and higher in Norway...
I got mine for $140 in California.
Same here in Australia. It's amazing what 15,000km can do to the price of something.
Come take a shopping trip to the US and buy everything all at once!
cuffs look kinda dumb here
Yeah, that was the same advice given to me on that WAYWT thread. Easy fix. 
I really dig the cuffs though, keep 'em I say.
The farther apart the colors are, the easier it gets to pull it off. 
So it'd be better to go light on dark?
Exactly
Dark on light acid wash.
if you want to play on easy mode
Then you casually ramp up the difficulty slowly. Going at hardest difficulty from the get-go just makes you wanna give up halfway.
Haha yeah. A quick reminder to everyone that attractiveness isn't a free pass.
nah different shades of denim are good..like an indigo jacket with light wash jeans or black jeans would be good  and a light wash jacket would be good with indigo jeans.also this guys jacket and jeans are kinda close together but the red shirt breaks it up a bit. i think if he had it closed, it wouldnt look as good.i hate ''canadian tuxedo '' lol
It's such a goofy fucking name
If you don't live anywhere where it seems relevant then it won't seem as fitting.
It's as goofy as it looks.
On Jay Leno, yes. On anybody that can actually put together an outfit, it looks fine.
It's funny because we don't even call it that here lol. We just use "double-denim".
Liar! You just call it "tuxedo".
The jacket and jeans are not different shades, they just have slightly different levels of fade.
Which I'd say can definitely be fine as long as it is broken up a bit, like the way he's wearing it open, or simply by having a cropped denim jacket which allows for a break in the color. Wearing black denim for both is also another way to make it look good, LeTigre has a cool fit with his OL jacket like that.
The problem lies with same hue indigos and long jackets
Exactly. It's interesting to me people consider denim jackets difficult, I feel like most of the tricks really just require a small amount of thought and then it can be a nice look.
I think it comes about with insecurities from the short jacket similar in aspect to shorter shorts
Did you finish reading his post?
Fit, Contrast between pieces. This guy looks good in this shot since the shirt vaguely breaks up the items, but from behind this would most likely look ridiculous. 
Would it really look .? . is ridiculous. This guy would probably look fine.
theres a reason his back is to the wall...
Yeah, the jacket and pants just look way too similar in colour.
The jacket seems higher than the shirt, I suppose one would catch a glimpse of the shirt bottom from the back.  
True, but I just feel like it would've looked better if there was a little more colour difference between the jacket and pants. His outfit definitely still looks good, but I guess I'm just nitpicking here.
No, you're really not.  You're right about the color difference, but at the same time, I'd struggle to pick complimentary shades in denim. 
Who bases their clothing choice on how they look from behind? 
You're forgetting this is MFA. Obsessing over insignificant things like "it looks too blue from behind" is a thing for some people here apparently.
Isn't this like saying the appearance of the rear of a car doesn't matter? All angles matter for aesthetics. 
people who pay attention to detail. Its the same reason Apple invests so much into how their computers look from all angles...so that if they're placed on a desk instead of with their back to the wall, they still look great. 
Changing rooms have multiple mirrors for a reason.
Somebody who's thorough.
Anyone with a fishtail parka.
I mean, its definitely something you have to consider...
"Does this make my butt look big?"
Don't you also need a denim shirt? 
Reminds me of this scene:
Hmm i have jeans, a jacket, a denim shirt & a chambray tie (close enought) .I think I just found what I'm going to wear this halloween
Flannel!
A denim shirt, a bolo tie and cowboy boots will work the best. 
Nope. Just jean everything. Don't you know anything about 
But is that a denim shirt, or just a blue cotton shirt?
Looks like a regular crew neck shirt.
I never want to wear jeans again :(
I let out a Homer scream when I saw that picture. 
woah.
hank hill for me. BWWWAHHH
Yes.
Tuxedo = 3 pieces. Need the jean vest too
Denim cummerbunds are the next big thing.
This guy has a Tumblr called . where he posts lots of different looks, and always names every item of clothing on it and the corresponding price..According to his post:
Does he generally not wear socks or are they really short socks?
Was about to say something along those lines, one of the few fashion "blogs" I actually follow.
Does anyone have any links to similar blogs that do this?
Where the hell do you get Ray-Bans for $90?
does he own socks?
I haven't worn socks for a nearly a month. It's summer yo.
I'm a bit taller, but he and I have a very similar build. Definitively adding this to my favorites. 
This guy is great and I'm always surprised with how inexpensive a lot of the items are.
Most of the stuff he wears is reasonably priced. He's amazing.
In some pictures he has long, patterned socks on. I'd guess he usually wears the socks that don't pop out of the shoe at all. I don't know the actually name of them off the top of my head.
Ninja socks
They're called no-shows cause they don't show...
There are different ones. For example, you wear with boat shoes. They cut even further down on the foot, so you can't even see the top of the sock, like you would be able to see if you wore "no-shows".Edit: . They're called loafer socks. No-Shows should be called kinda-shows.
oh this tumblr is the best, the clothes are cheap and look great
Seriously! Why an I just finding out about this now? 
but... how much were the boots!
$130
I'd guess tree fiddy
~
I guess people didn't like the snark in which you delivered your response, but you are right. I bought those boots last year for that exact price and I guess it hasn't changed. And in case anyone's interested, I definitely recommend them.
I have them as well, they're nice.
What's the sizing on them like?
Hmm, I guess good/accurate? I'm not really sure how to describe it, but I bought them in my size (US 9) and they fit as I would expect them to. They have these little loops on the back that some people have said they've removed after they got them, but I find them useful because sometimes they can be a little difficult to squeeze in to. I hope this answers your question, but if not I'd be happy to elaborate if you'd like.
Unless the boots are massively expensive, that's a pretty affordable outfit compared to most of the "inspiration" posts that usually get put up here. 
are the boots meant to be worn without socks? if so i could see myself in a pair
I follow him on twitter &  facebook, every single one of his outfits are made with either affordable or trifted items and he always look crazy good (his outfits i mean, even if I have to admit that he's a very handsome looking men) 
Sebago's, so probably under $140 for the boots
You can almost always find them on sale somewhere, too. I see them for under $100 frequently.
Are they any good?
They're not terrible. For under $100 they'll last you a few years. They're basically just taller boat shoes.
Nope
This guy is insane with the looks he's able to put together on a budget.  
it's worth noting that he's a photographer, so he knows how to make things look very good in photos. I'm willing to bet that some of his stuff, like his off-brand varsity jacket, looks kind of shitty in real life (due to the synthetic sleeves and stuff) but it looks alright in the photo.
I have that varsity jacket and it's okay. The sleeves aren't really much of an issue, but the rest of the fabric and the way it drapes. It's sort of stiff and doesn't flatter my figure as much as a softer fabric that hugged my shape better would..I'm normally an XS in all my clothes but they sent me an XL. I think a L may have fit me better, but the return process is crazy and it ships from China, so I stuck with the XL as it's a jacket so a little extra room is acceptable.
The thing is a lot of people discount American Eagle as a teen brand of fast fashion and no substance. But I find they often have lots of classic looks, and they have great fits for anyone athletic, or thin-average build. I have multiple pairs of jeans from there that I've gotten from $12-$30, Denim and Chambray shirts (work shirts, western style, etc) that I've gotten for around $15-$25, belts, sunglasses, t-shirts, etc. And all would be MFA approved with good fit and zero branding. They also have good chinos, shorts, etc. I have lots of outfits that look like this guy's that are built with items from American Eagle..I think they have gotten a lot better in the last few years and focus on good classic styles and some fashionable trends, and have evolved away from graphic tees and polos (like Aeropostale for example) and the same shit every year (like Abercrombie for example) like so many other "teen brands."
Haha I don't disagree I'm wearing some AE right now just saying that his fits are always super cheap. 
Oh I know, I was more speaking about the subreddit in general, and adding to your point since he gets a lot of cheap stuff from AE.
I agree with this. My little brother started working there and he gets a 40-60% discount so I've been buying a lot off stuff there lately. They definitely have some nice shirts with no branding, as well as some tanks and tshirts without branding. 
Or is it just the fact that he's just a good looking man that he can get away with it? 
Need a denim shirt too.
he's also a professional photographer and knows how to take a good picture
He's also tall and lanky, don't forget that.  I don't think this would look as good on someone as short and stocky as me.   He also has confidence, which is important too.  He knows he looks good.
It's not that he's physically attractive, it's that his confidence is attractive and therefore allows him to pull it off.
Nah, he's pretty hot.
I don't think the people who say confidence is sexy meant in the context of a posed picture. And it is that he's physically attractive, there is no doubt in that because he's not grossly overweight and generally symmetrical as far as one can tell from the picture.
Edit: Actually, I take that back. He's attractive to me because I like his beard.
Ah no that's true. I just get so pissed when people do the "rule 1 be attractive" thing. Rule 1: take care of yourself. Rule 2: gain confidence. That's it. You can have a big scar or a warped back or be sitting in a wheelchair and still look good.
You can, but to most people you won't. You just won't. Shit man, if you're upset because people keep whining about how they aren't attractive you can say that, but don't pretend everyone is beautiful. Or even have the potential to be (according to current standards of beauty in this current age*). It's really ok to just be annoyed with whiners.
I included the wheel chair and scar examples specifically . I saw those two guys today. Walking (and wheeling) through town, scar guy with a scar the size and shape of my palm above his eye. 
Definitely the beard.
I am at Kits beach! 
His physique is the biggest reason this and his other outfits work. He has the ideal male body for contemporary slim fashion: tall and thin with a narrow waist and legs.  That's why he can construct great outfits easily from inexpensive, OTR components. 
Bit of column A, bit of column b
Here's my rule of thumb for determining whether the outfit looks good, or if it's just the guy wearing it: cover his face with your thumb and take another look.
Haha... rule of thumb.
Is he really that good looking?  I mean, I just can't tell.  He is skinny and has a decent haircut, and the cloths fit.  It seems like anyone can pull that off with some effort..Edit: I'm not saying he isn't attractive, just that I'm not sure it matters here.  It's not like some fits you see where you need to be fucking James Bond to pull them off!
Well I got the skinny part down. 
And a penis filled with passion! That's gotta count for something.
That's why he looks good in the photo.  He keeps himself in shape, doesn't toss out the hair game, and have well-fitting clothes.  Everyone can do this without being born looking like a movie star, which should be the message of MFA.
clothes. You mean clothes. 
As a man, this is about all it takes to go from "average" to "attractive." I find a lot of "good-looking" men are often just average but know how to style their hair for their face shape and body type, and know how to dress for their body type. It almost always makes an average man become a "good-looking" man.
I don't think he keeps himself in shape, he's just skinny. I guess stick is a shape...
In shape means you try to keep fat off, he is doing a decent job. He isn't built, or jacked. He knows his body type and dresses accordingly.
This guy is hardly skinny. I'd say he's on the fit side of average
fit > thin > fat
It is known 
As a skinny guy, this is reassuring.
Bingo.
wrong. denim denim denim. (say that in the tune of mario brothers stage 1 level 2..denim on denim looks good.
[deleted]

It's like dove commercial for men
This is silly. Isn't the reason we're here in the first place to make ourselves dress more attractively, and consequently, appear more attractive?
[deleted]
No worries! I just see that comment posted everywhere and it irks me for some reason.
It irks you because it's the nature of reality. Sharpen up that personality and wit and go hand pretty people their asses for the rest of your days.
attractive != goodlooking
Keep telling yourself that nonsense. 
That is not nonsense. You can attract someone many different ways. Not just through good looks. I like to think myself an example of that since I am not good looking but I have managed to get a few girlfriends and currently a wife. I know for sure I managed this through my personality. 

The defeatist nature of reddit, where neckbeards who don't work out, dress well, or have social skills just give up and call themselves unattractive. 
well I don't think I apply here
It's hard to be attractive, but most people can be unattractive. 
I always see this comment as a reminder to keep hitting the gym. (It's still an annoying cliche, but I don't necessarily see it as defeatist.)
Dude, it was just a joke that is common to redditors. Calm your tits, no one's giving up anything.
It's still just an incredibly unattractive thing to say. 
fair enough but also admit that looks play a huge factor in every aspect of life~
To be fair, out of shape, poorly dressed and lacking in social skills . unattractive qualities. Which is totally acceptable, given all of them are fixable within reason.*.*While some extreme cases of social anxiety and mental differences can make social skills literally impossible, the vast majority of you are just bad at it because you never learned or tried. Quit making excuses.  See . . or 
Or go outside. That could work too
That's what I mean. They give up instead of trying to better themselves. 
or cognitive behavioral therapy and benzodiazepenes. Pre-internet found solutions to these problems (though I personally wouldn't want to go on benzos long term.
SSRI can also help with some forms of anxiety and OCD and isn't quite as risky for medium term use as benzos.
Yes, but the issue is that none of negative these qualities are terminal. One can work out affordably (run outside), buy better fitting clothing that runs on the cheaper side (see sidebar) and practice one's social skills by, y'know, socializing. Yet the reddit neckbeards act like none of these things can be changed since they value comfort over ambition.
Crocs. .There's a reason they're popular with nurses/chefs/people on their feet all day - they're comfy as hell..You can get crocs that don't look the original crocs now too.
try nike roshe runs.
If you up your budget to $150, get the NB 990 (steve jobs' shoes of choice), or the ascis kayano 18. Both are very comfy running shoes.
Standing 14 hours a day? Forget fashion, buy marshmallows. 
I've actually seriously considered it. Everyone on WAYWT talks about how comfy they are, and they're on sale at UO right now..I think I may just do it, they're good with returns.*Edit.Bought the roshes
Haha yeah, he works hard. He's only standing when customers come in (slow economy = more sit down time), but it's still a large amount of standing time.
Yeah. That's a lot of standing. I stand 5-8 hours per day for my summer job, and I ditched my oxfords for my running shoes a couple times. Fashion has its place, but damn, that's a lot of standing. If you can find fashionable shoes that are freaking comfortable, then great, but honestly, I'd be completely ignoring fashion if I had to stand that much. At this point, his shoes are essentially filling the role of 'safety gear' in a way. Function is the major concern. 
I empathize and agree with you. I also stand for 5-8 hours a day (summer job as a bank teller), and standing in dress shoes becomes annoying. I'm aiming for function over aesthetics (as I stated in my post), as my dad really doesn't care what the shoes look like to begin with. I posted to MFA because we all love shoes here, and I was thinking someone would have had a similar problem. Roshes are cool though so I ordered a pair
Nice. :) I haven't ever worn Roshes (not my style aim) but I bet they'll work well. Nike loves it's foam, and that should help. .Hope they work out!
Yeah that makes two of us, haha. Thanks!
Thoughts on Clark's Desert Mali boots?
I want to make a light blue t-shirt white. How should I go about doing this (i.e., Bleach/RIT; sink/washer)?
I am around 6 feet tall(maybe a little taller) and thin.
I have found that a Medium in Uniqlo's slim fit oxford series is the perfect fit for me.
I was wondering if anyone has experience with other brands that have similar fits, either the same fit or slightly longer but just as slim?
To give you an idea, I think shirts from H&M (size medium) fit a TINY bit small on me,
and UNIQLO slim fit oxfords (size medium) fit perfectly..Right now I am looking at the Everlane slim fit oxford in particular, I have never owned one can anyone provide any feedback on how they fit in comparison to the UNIQLO slim fit oxfords?.For all sizes mentioned, I am talking about the fit BEFORE washing, I usually take my clothes to get dry cleaned or I hang dry them to prevent shrinking.  I have realized I am a very picky person when it comes to fit : /.Thanks for any incoming responses in advance!  
Can anyone recommend a pair of white sneaks that aren't CP? I definitely like them, but the price is a bit high for my budget and my feet are still growing, so I'd prefer to get something cheaper. Quality isn't my main concern as these shoes will fit and be wearable for me at max a year and a half. Also would prefer something that is not vans.
Converse chucks, purcells. Adidas Stan smith. Supra shoes are shit quality and the cuttlers look like vans authentics anyways. 
What does everyone think of slim tapered raw denim + boat shoes/low top shoes in general?
Does anyone know where I can find fit pics of the .? I'd like to know how they look against jeans - I remember seeing someone post some fit pics w/ jeans a few months ago, but I haven't been able to find it. Any assistance would be GREATLY appreciated!
Can I tailor (slimming the waist, shorten the sleeves) something like .?
What are some good, brown, casual shoes for around $50? Something I can wear with jeans and a t-shirt
[deleted]
If you live in a snowy/ wet climate CDBs aren't gonna do great because of the crepe sole, you'd want something more boot like like an iron ranger 
Best place to buy cheap black v-necks?
Will mink oil ruin my wolverine 1000 miles?
No
Wouldn't be my first choice for chromexcel, something milder is probably better if your 1ks are still in good shape. I have used Venetian shoe cream and been satisfied, and it's what Wolverine/Oak Street recommend. Horween recommends Neatsfoot oil, which is cheaper and actually is applied to all chromexcel before it is distributed for use. Either should be just fine. 
Anybody have experience with Levi's 511 (either rigid dragon or rigid sea dragon?) these would be my first pair of jeans.
Pleb tier short sleeve henleys in Canada? (That means no Uniqlo, no Target, no JCPenny, etc.)
Asos or Topman, next step up is American Apparel (Pretty sure they ship)
What do you mean? JCPenney is as pleb as it gets.
There are no JCPenny's in Canada.
i dont really care for jeans with boat shoes. jeans with low tops is a very simple look and can look very good though
Save your money for something better.
I'm up for a higher-end T-shirts that fit well. Too bored of Target and H&M. Any suggestions? (Budget around $80)
 
id suggest velva sheen but they're sold out just about everywhere, maybe reigning champ or w+h?
It's really fucking hot outside ~91 degrees F. What are some good recommendations?
Club Monaco slim fit might be a winner for you. Similar fit but longer.  .J Crew slim fit is about the same length, maybe a touch shorter. .Seems to me I've seen a bunch of people bitching about how those Everlane oxfords are cut--enough to turn me off buying one. 
Yes. Take it to someone you trust, though.
How are Vans authentics when it comes to foot support? 
Not good
Is there a guide on boxers or briefs? Couldn't find anything.
If you're looking for something interesting look up Flint and Tinder. If you're looking for something mindblowingly comfy, look up modal (a type of supersoft fabric) underwear on Amazon.
Read some amazon reviews and decided to splurge a bit an buy these: .Here's hoping that they're worth the money, but not so much so that I frown on my current 3/$10 set-up. 
I mostly have Kirkland 3/$10 boxers which are fine 95% of the time, but some days I feel like treating myself to some luxury underwear, and it is fantastic.
I mean what do you need to know?
Supra cutler low.
Stan smith
supra website is out my size, any idea of other websites where i could get a pair? they look really nice.
Could try amazon or zappos, or go to a local shoe shop
Trying to find a blog link that was posted in this subreddit..It was a blonde man with a beard and a sick wayfarer sunglasses. He has a wife and his blogs contained pictures of him and his fits. They were mostly affordable fits, like he was on a budget. This one picture was him sitting at this bench and there was a mountain behind him in the sunny weather. I really liked that blog
is there a certain aesthetic you're looking for? do you want a minimalist type white sneaker, chunky, etc?.my vote goes for all white low af1s
i'd prefer a more minimalist type.
probably like Nike all court lows, kent wangs, Stan smiths.
You could try H&M, Target, or Uniqlo
If someone can offer some advice: What kind of black shoes will work with formal pants and business casual pants?.Formal pants like black pants, + shirt maybe tie. To a wedding! or to work! but tie/jacket optional..Business casual pants, like the grey, khakis, ...jeans...maybe?.Thanks. ;3
Black cap toes for formal. For biz casual I'd go with brown shoes, not black.
That's what I keep thinking. So all black shoes are kinda doomed for formalness. huh?.On another note: this (cheatingly handsome) fella seems to pull it off? 

Even in that picture brown would look better though.
true. Ok. Thanks!
[deleted]
What would you be wearing with it? Would be very easy for that to look very out of place if the rest of the outfit wasn't in line with the WWII aesthetic. 
. I'm guessing they're coming out with a new version for f/w as well.
whens the best time to pick up a ludlow?
What's a ludlow?
Jcrew's suit
So I bought CDB's a full size down from my normal size. They're a perfect fit for wearing barefoot/with thin "liner" socks that I normally wear, and the only other socks I ever see myself wear with them would be like heavy wool socks. Midweights don't fit. .I'm concerned that if I sized up for wool, I'd lose the ability to wear them barefoot, so I think my question is, how much does the leather stretch?
It'll stretch enough to fit wool socks.
i think once you break in the leather the wool socks will fit
Not totally disgraceful as hybridy shoes go, but I wouldn't expect them to wear as well as, say, Katahdins. The Supreme collab looks pretty cool but good luck getting your hands on those. 
if you stretch a little bit, maybe sperrys authentic originals or CDBs, but i wouldnt necessarily wear sperrys with jeans
I was thinking about maybe picking up some CDB so ill try doing that
How should I clean suede and perforated leather common projects?
Does anyone know where I can find the velva sheen two packs in stock? I'm looking for the white pocket t shirt in a size large. Also open to suggestions for other options of similar price/quality.
Independence (Oak Street Bootmakers) has them.
well, im pretty sure no american or european stores i could find have them in stock in that size, but i did find them on 
Thanks. Never bought anything off rakuten. Is it pretty straightforward and safe to use?
Freemans sporting club, hickorees ny
sold out
Oh, damn. Sorry, I only saw the sold out marker on the gray packs, not the sold out sizes for the white.
Whenever I see roshes posted in fits everyone always says they don't work there, can you give some examples of when they do work in fits?
[deleted]
Most of the fits in that album highlight what not to do.
I was wondering the differences in types of belts, I'm looking for a specific word because I have no idea the correct vernacular for . Can anybody help me out with what word I should use to find more of this kind of belt?
It's just a decorative stitch, not sure what you would call it.
I've been going to a lot of shops trying to find a good standard pair of tan/khaki chinos. I have a pair of Dockers Alpha's but want something a little nicer that I can wear for a few years. A couple questions:.1) Any suggestions for brands? W+H westpoints, Rag & Bone, Acne are ones that I've checked out (but it's slim pickings right now because a lot of shops in Toronto are waiting to stock F/W stuff).2) Should I go for more of an olive shade? I might also try for burgundy but feel tan and navy are always more versatile/classic..3) Do you guys notice a difference between stuff Made in China vs Made in North America with build quality? I had a pair of Saturdays Surf NYC that fit great but was a bit skeptical of paying $150 for Made in China chinos...
You can get Unis Gio's from Lost & Found or Left Field Chinos from Woodlawn Shop
Went to Lost & Found but they had no sizes. I had never heard of Woodland, I'll give em a call! Thanks man, how was the meetup? 
I didn't go. Work stuff came up. Woodlawn is like right nearby Lost & Found. They have a sick Alden collection (for Canada...)

Ah I forgot about Epaulet but from my understanding, they don't have any stockists outside of New York?
No but you can get them online with free shipping. I ordered a pair of their rivet chinos and have fallen in love with them.
Have you owned dockers alpha too? Just trying to find something that mirrors the fit of those and interested in epaulet.
I have not so I can't help you there. It's definitely a somewhat slimmer fit though. 
I dont know the exact measurement but I think my size 30 alphas have a smaller leg hole than my size 29 rivets. So they are less slim.
Does anyone think there is a big distinction between preppy and "Trad"?.Kind of like trendy versus the established style?
There are people who do, but most are very unsure, and the rest are unaware there is any difference. There is a lot which could be written, but simplified, Trad is a more reserved Preppy. (EDIT: Or rather, as is said in the threads linked below - Someone who dresses Trad during the week dresses Preppy on the weekend. This isn't 1980's Preppie we're talking about).Here's some reading:
Chensvold got you covered,  
Maybe preppy leans to the flashy side while trad is a bit more conservative. I get what you're trying to say but I can't really word it better. 
Who are the MFA-ers in the top left corner or the page? link to the fits would be nice too :)
we haven't had a new series of those in quite a while.
so...who are they?
Is a Cole Haan lunarglide sole purely aesthetic or are those soles better for your feet compared to other soles? (Regular dress shoe or wedge sole)
Depends on what you mean by "better". They will probably be more comfortable when standing and walking over long periods of time compared to leather/corked sole. But your foot will probably start to become more dependent on cushioning, and become weaker as a result.
interesting. Thanks
That's why I only wear on solid hickory soles, but seriously that's the stupidest thing I have ever heard. Are you saying someone who wears wood soled dress shoes has stronger legs than a runner who wears heavily cushioned running shoes?
Stronger .And honestly, probably. Lots of small stability muscles in your feet that don't get worked when you surround them with cushion-y clouds. The runner would almost certainly have the stronger legs however, all else equal.
How do Hanes beefy tees fit compared to target me tons crews?.Should I get black sk8 his for my first pair of hi tops and black shoes? I need both and could knock both out for cheap..I still need gray shoes, are grey roshes good? Or janoskis?.Also, where can I get medium-tall hoodies? I just need one and it needs to have 27/28 inch arms...

The body width of Hanes Beefy is similar to Mossimo, and the fabric is definitely thicker, but the arm openings are MASSIVE. Unless you have Hulk arms, I would avoid.
Wouldn't I be able to self tailor the sleeve openings? 
If you have some sewing skills, yes you can. Though I will say that the quality control is a bit iffy, and measurements can be inconsistent.
Can someone help me find that bucket hat inspiration album, or give me some ideas for a green bucket hat?
 .Here you are! 
Thank you so much! Did you do a search for it, cause I couldn't find it that way. 
I knew that techneaks posted it so I went through his submitted links 
Best place to buy Nike Blazers?.I'm also not that into white sneakers (I know MFA is into them, I just can't get into the look that much) what colors or other shoe options would you suggest?.I have a pair of vans and am looking for something to rotate with them.
For blazers, ebay, mall, it's not even a rare shoe. You'll find them everywhere. Now if you're looking for a specific colorway make sure to check if it's still available and call stores to check for you.
Grey is probably the next best versatile shoe color next to white. Personally I'd recommend the grey NB 574.
camp mocs? boat shoes? penny or tassel loafers? bucks?
I was thinking another pair of sneakers. 
okay well red/maroon sneakers are good too. New Balances, Nike blazers, roshes, and vans all can look good in this color..Black is another good sneaker color if you wear black jeans a lot

Is it possible to wear navy shoes with jeans? That's why I'm hesitant to buy any.
depends on the shade of navy, but yes it is possible. just don't wear a blue shirt...
What if the shirt is a different shade of blue?
yeah, i meant not navy. maybe a sky or pastel blue
Has anyone got any inspiration albums or advice about how to wear high-tops?.I impulse bought a pair and I'm not sure how to wear them.
Pic of shoes?
These : 
Jeans, streetwear-type tops.
Is it possible to get Iron Rangers resoled with a lugged sole? If not, can somebody recommend me a similar-looking boot (with a toe cap) and lugged sole together? Thanks in advance!
BB has an IR with lug sole
 or you could get IRs resoled.
I'll see if I can find somewhere to try them on! Otherwise I'll look for a pair of IRs. Thank you!
I have a pair of the katahdins. I sized down half from my sneaker size.
Oh, so just like the iron rangers then. Do you know anything about the wolverine darby 1000 miles? They'd be something else I would consider resoling.
Any specific reason why you want to resole to lugged? .I don't know anything about them, sorry.
I'd like a pair of lugged boots for an 8 month trip I'm taking this year, which will involve a lot of walking, some hiking and occasional rain. A flat leather or rubber sole just doesn't seem like it would hold up under those conditions. I was thinking of buying some cheaper hiking boots and more casual leather sneakers, but I figured it would be worth it to invest slightly more into a nice pair of boots that I could use after the trip as well.
Thank you! The only ones I can find in my size are $400 though. I'm guessing it would be cheaper to buy normal iron rangers for around $250-300 and resole them? Maybe it's not worth the hassle though. Anyway, thanks for the heads up! 
They go on sale every now and then, best bet would be to wait for a corporate sale at BB. I actually like the antique cactus color the most out of any IR colorway
I wish I could wait for a sale, I'm leaving on a trip in September and am buying these for it specifically. That is a great colorway though. Well, I'll keep shopping around and hopefully something will pop up for a good price. Thanks for the heads up! 
My mom got me these single strap leather monks from Italy but she picked...black. Any colours that I should pair it with? I like them but they dominate so heavily so they don't form a cohesive outfit. I'd prefer keeping it on the more casual side rather than more formal..Any picture inspirations would also be appreciated. Time to go look up on the internet.
What are some good henleys for under $50
I have these . in Navy and Gray. I am happy with them. They are sturdy, slim and warm.
Uniqlo
Hey everyone! I've got two main questionsthat have been bugging me today, so here goes:.1) Which color of Thorogood 6" Moc Toe Boots is more versatile? I want to wear them with both lighter chions and dark wash jeans, and the two options seem to be ., a light tan/brown, and a ...2) Are . Ray-Ban Clubmasters legit? The lower price has me worried. I've read that Ray-Ban is now producing authentic sunglasses in China, but I just want to make sure I'm not spending 100 dollars on a cheaply built knockoff. I'm sure I'll be able to return them if that's the case, but it'd be nice to have some advance reasurrance. Thanks!
i highly recommend you save your money by buying reproduction sunglasses, and using that money where it actually counts. 
I bought my new wayfarers on Amazon and they are made in Italy. This would leave me to believe they are authentic.. and others feel the same way. I just can't find the thread about it right now.
They are legit but as you can see from the product pic and as you noted, clubmasters are now made in China rather than Italy. No idea why.
Thanks! That's kinda relieving, I was just surprised that I was able to find them for $100, guess I'm not too familiar with Ray-Ban pricing.
 You should be in the clear as long as they are from Amazon and not a 3rd party.
I'm looking for a really clean, white shoe for the summer, Supra's Assault and Cuttler are exactly what I'm after:.Unfortunately, after about two months' worth of searching I've not been able to find them in my size (UK 9.5, though at this stage I'd settle for a 9 or 10). As a result I've been looking for alternatives and so far have these:.Which of the above would be a reliable choice?/Can you recommend a minimalist white shoe for casual wear over the Summer?.Budget is about 70 ($100).
White JPs could work, also hey its my cake day too! Happy cake day!!
There was a picture i saw of the tennis classic with the soles basically exactly like the converse white soles (red and blue stripe). Thought it was beautiful. .Here we go. .It's pretty hard to find these days but if you can i think they're better than the ones you posted. 
cuttlers are shit, the leather on mine started cracking in 2 weeks
mine have also cracked, but it took about two months. 
Whoa, anyone have a link or name for those?
Nike Sportswear Tennis Classic AC Premium "NSW Vintage Clay".
Released May 14, 2011.Also came in a ...They feature a canvas upper with matching tonal suede Swooshes in your choice of white or black. Additional details include leather logo tags and smooth red contrast stripes on the midsole.

kent wangs?
They're something I've considered (I assume you're talking about v2s) but, based on the photos I've seen, the leather looked very plasticky and almost "cheap". If I can get my hands on a pair, which is highly unlikely in the UK, I'll give them another go.
Yes v2, v1 are uglyyyyyyy.  I havent handled them, but I have found judging leather quality from pictures to basically impossible it is really just a function of the photography..Edit: for new stuff, you can see how leather wears pretty easily from pictures
Looking to buy a 2-3 pairs of sweatpants, what would the most versatile colours be? (heather gray, dark gray, black or burgundy)
navy and charcoal
I wouldn't worry too much about versatility with sweatpants. .get black and dark grey
How to properly apply obenaufs LP? Step by step tutorial? 
 a step by step tutorial jdbee did with sno-seal, the process is exactly the same.
Put on a coat, put it by a heater to let the leather absorb the wax, repeat.
Do I Put a coat on with a cloth or just my hands?
I used my hands
Just follow their 
Should I keep this UNIQLO Cordlane Jacket ($30)?.EDIT: obviously needs tailoring
It looks too long on you, and from what I've heard getting length tailored messes up a jacket's proportions.  Pass.
What are your measurements? Just bought the same thing and wondering if I'll end up with a shit fit
~39" Chest.~18" Shoulders.~22" from top of the middle of the shoulders to where hips start.~23" from end of shoulder to wrist
How tall are you? And is it a small?
I got a Medium, and I'm 5'10"
Really? It just covers my ass, and I thought that was the right length
Yeah, it's probably the camera angle.
Anyone know if Levis makes a 511 in 31x34? Their website lists it as unavailable in everything except white and rising sun and I was wondering if that's because they're out of stock or if I should look for a different pair.
They're having the big blowout sale right now so they have a really limited stock
I've had a couple pairs of 31x34 511s over the years, but they're very rare. I found all of them in department stores and Levi outlets, iirc.
Not totally sure. You could try emailing them and asking.
I live in michigan and want to get a pair of bean boots, Should I get the 8 inch or 10 inch?.How warm is the thinsulate lining? Would i be able to wear them in spring if i got the thinsulate or should I stick to unlined and wear mid weight wool socks?.Also, Im 6'5" with long legs if it makes a difference between the 8 and 10.
Can anyone recommend me some shoes that would tie this outfit together well? 
Lighting is making the color of the pants hard to judge, but I think CDBs would be good here. The crease makes the chinos hard to wear with sneakers.
Wingtips as is or roll the pants and simple white sneakers.
roll the pants instead of cuff them? 
Yeah whatevsies.
no I mean I had the pants folded in the original post, should I roll them up instead of folding them like that? 
Oh, right. Either works.
cool, thanks
What color belt should I wear with white bucks?
[deleted]
bb milano
Can anyone recommend me some plimsolls in .?
The Vans you linked look pretty nice, why not those? 
Best chinos in Navy and Olive under $100 easily available in Canada
are dockers available easily in canada?
Not really, I live in Manitoba and it's really a wasteland in terms of actual stores. I've seen them online at Urban Outfitters but they don't have Navy or Olive in stock. Nordstrom doesn't ship them to Canada for some reason..Right now I've been looking at J Crew (more expensive in Canada, really average), Bonobos (once again quite expensive for what you get), Unbranded (Probably what I'm gonna get for Navy) and Outlier's Nyco (I'm skeptical about the fabric)..Epaulet looks quite nice but it would be 155$ after shipping which I might be willing the stretch to
The bay at polo park carries a wide variety of alpha dockers. .You should check Club Monaco out as well. There really isn't much else, so I end up ordering a lot online.
Yeah it's pretty shitty. I'll check polo again when I have time.
Do you not have a Bay in the 'toba?
We do, but I haven't seen anything of interest, I think they had a lot of dockers, but most of them were loose fitting and they only had Alphas in Beige and Black. (although I haven't been to the main store in a while and I should check again)
They should be able to bring in anything you need since you can shop online now.
Ahahaha yeah forgot all about the joys of retail. I think I might do this
I mean you can shop online for The Bay.
Oh I thought you meant to go to the store and ask them to place an order. I obviously checked their website before and as far as I can tell they don't carry Navy or Olive in alpha fit
Hmm didn't know that. Doesn't hurt to give them a phone call.

Yeah those look quite nice
Those fit ~511 ish right?
From the pictures I've seen they look more like 513, but I'd like them to be more like a 511.Also does anyone know how Unbranded's skinny fit is compared to a 511? Is it more like a 510?
Little looser in the calf than the 511.
They are a bit roomier in the seat and thigh actually. So 508ish.. but not as drastic a taper. If you wear 511, these might be a tad roomier than those.
Damnit. I want a tech pant that fits like the 511/510. Any ideas?
idk how they do it but Outlier models their product 200% better than anyone else. They look great on the model but would probably look completely ordinary on anyone else
Slim pants is not my bread and butter. I ride bikes and squat heavy things... I haven't been able to fit anything slim in 7 years. Someone else could chime in and help you out there, though.
I know, but I bike a lot so I could legit use a pair that is tech-ish
Levis commuter
Club monaco. 20% off student discount too
I came across mindthechap and there 75% off sale. I see all these designers with sweaters and stuff, and I have never heard of most of these companies, and googling them just takes me to their website. Basically I'm asking if there are ways to tell if something is going to be quality or not, and not just with this website, but basicaly with an brand I've never really heard of that I can't test in person.
Online research. Look at styleforum and see if there's an active thread in the brand. Ask about specific brands here. There's no magic way to tell. I guess you could look for indicators like made in the USA, or Japan or something but those aren't always a sign of quality.
I emailed Clark's about some rip that occurred near the tongue of my shoes after six months of wear and they offered me a replacement, despite my particular style being discontinued so
Wow, great customer service. Jinks are good, but I prefer the Desert Khans instead. Desert Treks, Wallabee, Weavers, Natalie and Luggers are good in my book.
wallabees dude hop on the hype train
The Jinks look pretty goddamn bad.  I'd go for the wallabees - a very chill albeit polarizing shoe that's leagues more fashionable than CDB's which are either on the outs or are already out.

Are you the same one thats been asking around for a tee like that for a couple months now? haha, still haven't found it?
if you're a guy, the top of the pocket usually starts in the middle of the butt, and ends about 2-3 inches on your upper back thigh. this may vary depending on body type, or the jeans you buy.I like them, but try to keep that as the centerpiece of your outfit..also, you doing your own design would kickass. but if it's a matter of cost, then do whatever costs less. good luck :)
Looking forward to what the t shirt will look like. Good luck!
I think it's personal preference, but imo it looks the best when the top of the pocket hits at the highest part of the butt..Look for pictures of flowers (flickr and google both can do this) with a creative commons license. You can use them for free if you aren't making money off of them. Also read customink's policies on using pictures that aren't your own. 
been asking where to find one that was made like that haha but now i realize i should just make it
The tee is sick. How are you planning to make it? .And jean pockets should literally be in the lower middle of your cheeks. 
customink and some photography
's .aka a bit more ''evolved'' than a tee shirt and jeans
i feel like different shoes would still be better there
Like what? Roshes look so good here
frees, lunarglides, flyknits, etc
 - It will lighten where it's been folded / stretched, creating an interesting sunburst effect.. - Tends to look 'dusty' and shows scratches pretty easy. I think this shows the most wear next to the Tobacco..-- Matt.
Saddleback Leather Co.
Awesome, thanks! Any chance you have more pictures of the used gear, maybe from customers? I'm sure it would really help out a lot of people that are planning a purchase. 
Really not feeling the knit tie with that shirt. The knit has a pretty informal relaxed vibe, while the shirt fabric and collar are both a bit more formal. That, and the colors don't seem to mesh too well together. .EDIT: I think this is why you're having a hard time choosing pants: You're trying to match to something that doesn't really match itself internally. 
Thanks for the advice. Should I just go with a more traditional silver/grey tie? I also have bright blue or purple..Edit: I'm also not trying to look too dressy. Most interns are probably presenting in polo+jeans or the like. I'd guess only one other person will wear a tie.
I'm honestly really not that great with tie combos, so if someone else suggests, trust them. :P .That said, a silver grey tie would probbaly look better. I'm getting hung up on the fact it's knit. I'd about bright blue and nearly certainly avoid purple. 
The reason the shirt/tie combo looks off is because of the contrast between how dark the shirt is and the lightness of the tie. Traditionally, your tie should be darker than your shirt. I'd say Burgundy/Red would work here. 
That's for the input, I hadn't heard this rule for  ties before. I have a patterned(textured small boxes) black tie. How formal is that?
I'd say that would work, worse comes to worse, you can always take the tie off.
I tried on a black tie with some random grey jeans as a placeholder. Thoughts? I might get the shirt altered now, but I'm trying to gain some weight at the moment, so I figured it'd be better to wait a bit..Edit: Just realized how poor the camera quality is. The jeans are a pretty light grey in reality.
Much better.
you can wear them with just about any color of shorts except maybe navy, same thing with chinos, id be careful with jeans depending on the wash, if the shoes are lighter then darker washes of jeans work, if shoes are darker then wear light wash jeans.
Haven't tried them with jeans, as its mostly shorts weather where I live, but come cooler weather, I'll definitely try that. Thanks
If the sole is white, white laces will look good (assuming you dot already have em). Navy is a solid color, but doesn't always work out well with shoes since it limits why you can wear with them. Indigo jeans and navy shorts are both staples, but I would avoid here. Navy shoes looks great with khaki. On top of that, basically any color except blues and black will look pretty darn good. Even hard to match colors like yellows, mint, reds, and dark charcoal will look good. I think navy shoes are fairly useful. If you are dead set on altering them, bleaching could look cool but it's risky. You could also use color remover and re-dye.
Yea I've been wearing them mostly with navy shorts, but it really pigeonholes me into wearing one type of outfit.
I've been trying khakis as well, but for some reason it doesn't match as well as I thought. Maybe lighter tops will help.
Thanks for the advice!
i bleached mine and they came out .or dont and wear with any color pants except navy
I've been thinking about bleaching them as well. Love the simplicity of yours.
thanks for the pic
Wait until you plateau..Though it's harder as you will need new clothes as you lose..I lost 50lb between last Aug and this March and I had to buy new along the way..Since then have plateaued so am continuing to buy at a fixed size..Definitely wait it out until you reach your goal..BTW, good on you :)
Definitely wait it out. I made the mistake of buying a bunch of clothes as I was losing weight and I now regret having them go to waste.
Perhaps get a few cheap pieces of clothing, maybe go to H&M or Uniqlo for cheap basics until you're done losing weight.
You could give yourself a headstart and start buying shoes first. I doubt your footsize will decrease considerably from 15 lbs. 
Going to be a devils advocate here and suggest some purchases along the way. They let you feel good about your progress. You can always buy some staples frim thrift stores,  Value Village,  and Winners. Then donate them back when they get loose. 
I would recommend getting them after you hit your goal. Especially pants. I outgrew 4 pairs of jeans in about 1-2 months of working out.
when i was trying to lose weight i bought myself a pair of waxed denim pants (they were really nice) and i ordered them a size down, so i would have to lose weight to fit into them. and it seemed to work
I bought some pants that were too tight because, like you, I was losing weight and anticipated fitting into them. Well, I overshot my goal and now the new pants are kind of loose. I would wait on new clothes until you can physically see how they look on you. Or end up spending extra on tailoring or buying all new clothes altogether.
Definitely after. It can get costly trying to get your clothes tailored after, luckily for me my parents are quite handy with tailoring so it was done free.
Wait. I bought a bunch of clothing in the winter, and I lost a bit of fat and gained more muscle at my new job. Now my pants are just a few inches too large around the waist, and it is very noticeable. 
Alright thanks guys! I will definitely wait until it gets closer to school time
Wholeheartedly agree, it gives you a nice motivational boost to see the progress you've made.  Definitely helped me in my weight loss.
I do this too, but it can be a risky proposition for some
They are best with chinos. I have a pair in olive and while they could work with jeans, they are much better with chinos. 
Not in the blue (which is what you're asking) but they're still pretty sweet shoes. I want a paid badly, but I want some Strands more.
i dont think so, it would look weird if they were too similar in color
Not really, the colors are very close. They look amazing with khaki or red chinos.
I also loved the shoe, but I bought the olive because I thought the blue on blue would be too much.
If you would consider a cheaper alternative, I picked up the . in a navy blue color from their anniversary sale yesterday and I highly recommend it. It is for $64.99+tax if I remember correctly.The leather feels decent in quality, and it is very comfortable to walk in. 
I need EEE width, Allen Edmonds are the cheapest I have found but i will check those out thanks!
Do you wear the xs regular fit from uniqlo? It should be similar to j crew slim small..Uniqlo xs slim is not as slim as j crew xs slim, and not as big as j crew slim small.
I've found they fit just about the same- I wear a small slim fit in both Uniqlo and J. Crew. The one difference I've found is that Uniqlo shirts are hemmed a bit shorter than J. Crew shirts..Edit: Spelling
Dana Lee, Reigning Champ, Silent Damir Doma and Rick Owens if you're looking for high-end/interesting..H&M or Urban Outfitters if not.
american apparel, uniqlo?
Gymshark 
I want something colorful and somewhat geeky. Example: Tardis, Pokemon, etc.
If you want color, just go with a conservatively colored top and either bright shoes or pants.
I always found the tanktops at Target and Old Navy to be both affordable and a good fit.
no you dont...
What do you normally wear and what's your budget? Try to find something that matches your aesthetic and budget as best as you can.
iise, eastpak x kva, and last seasons common projects leather backpacks look p good. can find the latter 2 on end of season sales.
Check out Alchemy goods and Green Guru Bags. They make bags out of recycled bicycle tires. They are waterproof, affordable, and INCREDIBLY durable. Plus, you can pick up hippie/hipster chicks with them.

I really like the backpacks from Herschel -- check out the link below, they have tons of color options.
I usually carry around a backpack to hold all my crap in... I currently use a Jansport black backpack and it's really clunky and ugly IMO...
No link
you're being too self conscious. it's an awesome fucking watch..if you want to wear more current styles do, but I say that watch should definitely at least be on rotation.
oops sorry. fixed it thanks
That is a Vostok Komandirskie with the manual 2414A movement. That is a good, everyday beater watch. I wouldn't wear it to a wedding, but it is perfectly fine for every day..A few helpful hints. .You may consider getting a Vostok Amphibain. It is a far more durable made by the same company for under $100, and is waterproof to 200m. I finally killed mine by accidentally dropping it 20 feet onto concrete.
That's a fine looking watch. I wouldn't wear it in your most formal attire, but just about anything casual would look good..Is that a burn or some other residue around 6 o'clock, or is the darkness part of the design?
i'm fairly certain that it is part of the design, but I can't be sure. It's a russian military watch and may have seen some things. Now my other question is that i need to replace the leather strap because it is cracked and stuff. What kind of strap would look best with this watch?
I would just try to find an identical one. You could go with a different light color. If you go with a black leather band it will make the "burnt" area look worse than it is.
The colouring on the bottom of the dial is part of the design..Throw it on a NATO strap. It will be more comfortable, suit the watch design, and the straps can be changed to suit any event.
What color nato strap would go with this. I see tons of different colors and am not sure what color matches the watch. Also, where should I look to buy the straps. Thanks a lot for the help though.
the jackets that any of these people are wearing, i think they're all the same but just different color combinations
ID this absurd sweater that i still want: 
's jeans in this..I'm fairly sure they're Levi 501 Dane's, if not something similar..EDIT: Shit forgot the link
huh
  I'm not even joking.

[suede green nike high tops].Sorry about format
I think they're nike all court high/mid in suede with zip. .That's all i got but i think it'll get you pretty close.
Oh, fuck. Forgot the link.
Cosby made the hellofriend foundation 7-8 years ago in honor of his dead son to help people w/ learning difficulties and were giving these sweatshirts and tees out to donors. Not sure what happened to the organization but it was last updated in 08 so I guess you might have some trouble getting your hands on one. 
I'm so late for this, but what about these boots?
.
(in case the time doesn't work, it's at 3:34)
They look like the Stacy Adams Madison boots. 
those are definitely mad similar, but the toebox on his is so much smaller and the Stacy Adams ones look like they have a structured toebox. i searched through yoox and zappos, but do you know of other places to look?
I'm pretty sure that happens to them after some wear. See Ryan Gosling's from Drive. 
oh interesting. i'll look into this then. thank you!
sorta relevant, thank you for introducing me to this guy, he's awesome
COMUNE black david waxed jeans
What glasses are Brad Pitt wearing here from the movie Benjamin Button?
.Edit: Through a little more digging, I found out these are from Tart Optical. Vintage from the 50's. 
Those look like clubmasters with prescription lenses. The wide known brand for those is "Ray-ban" 
Nah, . 's glasses aren't browline, they're all plastic..With two minutes of looking . is the closest I could find, but I'm sure with a bit more looking you could find the same glasses or something incredibly similar.
Thanks! Those look really, really similar. For anyone interested, here is another picture of them from the movie:
 
They might have DIY the first tee. Please let me know if you find the micro floral one it's beautiful.
Hm alright thanks man. 
It's probably relatively easy to do actually, you DIY a lot right? Should be easy for you.
I mean this looks like screen printed which isn't easy to do, but easy to buy on like custom ink. I'll find a suitable picture and DIY. Thanks I can't believe I didn't think of this sooner!
I wouldn't know although we had an opportunity to create our own shirt last year in tech at school and I'm sure you could do this. No problem man.
Looks like there's something inscribed on the rear of the boot. Can't read it, though.
That is just awful.
I just want to know if it originated somewhere in its baggy form or is there a more fit one?
Why didn't you just ask him directly?
Been looking for this jacket for years, anyone know where i can cop a similar/same jacket?
EDIT: reupped to imgur
cant access link
Reupped to imgur, sorry bout that.
 and . seem pretty close on the boots.
reverse image searching the boots someone said they were Canadian made and only 200 released
:((( okay
Looks like Blazer AB TZs but I have never seen that colorway. 
. 
I've been wanting to know this as well
Correct. Would not recommend unless you're going to a gay biker bar.
What is the jacket?
Same
For streetwear, there's a Supreme on Peter St that's worth checking out. 
For high end English made shoes, anywhere with an SW1Y postcode is good. A lot of great companies have their flagship stores there. 
Well the obvious answer is to check out Oxford street. Even if it is a bit of a tourist trap, they've got a great variety of shops. Also check out Liberty on Regent street. They're quite expensive, but personally I just find it interesting to look around all the high end brands you hear about on MFA, even if you don't buy.
I would steer absolutely clear of Oxford Street. It's not just a tourist trap- it's one of the most stressful shopping experiences you will ever have. They are just high street shops. If you must, head over to Carnaby Street and on to Soho, plenty of very cool and infinitely more interesting shops over that way. If the British high street is what you want I'd go to one of the Westfields (a large brand of mall). My favourite is the Shepherd's Bush one in West London. They also have a Prada, Gucci, Louis Vuitton etc if you're loaded..If you do head that way and it's a weekend, stop by Portobello Road (tube station is Ladbroke Grove). They sometimes have some nice finds at the market there..East London is where the hipsters live, if you're into that. I'm no expert on that area myself but I'd imagine you'd get a fair few independent startups in Hackney/Homerton area. The other Westfield is there too, in Stratford. You can see the Olympic village at the same time :).If you want stylish, fairly upmarket, high street boutiques, I can't recommend Wimbledon Village highly enough. To get there, take the train from Waterloo to Wimbledon, then get any bus towards the village (to the right of the station as you come out of it). The village is a well kept secret of Wimbledonians, and it's just lovely for coffee and a nice meal too..I'd also recommend Kingston-upon-Thames which is fairly near the village. It's quite far out, more into Surrey, but many Londoners prefer to shop there as it's a pretty, medieval town with an absolute ton of massive shops (including an enormous Waitrose and John Lewis into which many hours can disappear)..TL;DR: the best clothes in London can be found everywhere except in the city centre (unless you're a Russian oligarch and can afford ridiculous shit). Look at the satellite communities and many different towns and villages this city has to offer :)
Isn't the Shepherds Bush shopping centre all House of Fraiser and shops on the way-high end of high street shopping? Bond St. Has a Burtons,  Zara, H&M, and a bunch of others very close to each other.
It's truly enormous. Yes it has a House of Frasier but it also has a Burton, Zara and H&amp;M. It has almost every high street shop, basically. Full list here: .EDIT: if you're still not convinced, you should know the Stratford one is the largest mall in Europe. I can't overstate how much better the choice and general experience is than Oxford (or Bond) Street.
Damn hahahaha you know much more about London than I do. I'm changing my answer OP, you should listen to the Professor.
Ha, well Liberty is a good call- I enjoy going there if I'm over that way. More than anything it's a nice old building and has lots of nooks and crannies to explore..Enjoy London OP. If you're here now I do hope you're enjoying the weather, it's certainly not typical for us! Have a Pimms in the sun one day (maybe over in Greenwich?) It can't be beaten.
 (from 3 days ago)
air force ones 60.stan smiths  60.common projects 180-250.vans leather 50.svensson 110.buttero tanio 190.air max 1's 90.puma classics 60.reebok classics 60.german army trainers 35.nike killshots 70 .off the top of my head 
Common projects are expensive, but they are high quality and have a great design. You can sometimes find them used for under 200
white nike janoskis? if they don't have a colorway out you can nike id them 
What's your budget? 
As cheap as possible, sub-$100 to $150.
Pumas and Adidas, back to school sales will probably net you a 2 for 1 deal for between sixty and eighty.
Is canvas an absolute no go?
Puma Roma.  (Buy some shoe glue.)
Adidas Samba (Freddie Mercury, Live Aid)
I have a pair of white canvas sneakers from Osiris but I hate how easily they grab dirt and are difficult to get decently clean...and I just generally have a thing for leather.
Obligatory plug for 
Thanks! Sorry if I posted this in the wrong subreddit but I think it's relevant. 

 or 
Wolverine 1k boots, AE dalton boots ($260), Red Wings Iron Ranger, Re Wings Beckman ($200 at nordy anniversary sale)
Alden Shell.
Probably not a BIFL thing. I can't imagine any boots are but they will last you a really long time if you take care of them and get them resoled and cleaned up when they need it.
How do Chromexcel and Shell Cordovan hold up against wear and tear vs. regular tanned cowhide? 
Shell is much tougher and more weatherproof, and requires less maintenance.
Post in . we can help a ton. 
I live in north Mexico and the weather is pretty hot. I use Wax and its great (as long as is dry). Sometimes I change the style along the day using some drops of water and my hands.
Cum
Fuck you Ollie
<3
I recently made the switch from wax to a heavy-wax based pomade. The waxes I had tried would start to melt a bit in the heat, and would fail completely when I started sweating from activity. The pomade, since it is not water soluble, doesn't have that issue. I use High Life Heavy, which is sold by Imperial Dax, but there are plenty of others
bucks and mocs are solid choices
Sounds like you might want to try something that is kinda prep. Maybe boat shoes, nylites have a big prep following. Camp mocs could also work 
Toms. 
Boat shoes, camp mocs, ranger mocs, would look good.  What formality are you dealing with for pants I think IF you work in like a biz cas environment you should rock brogue wingtips ? and whats your budget?
I've worn rockport boat shoes before and they were solid
Your RockPorts are very confused on what they want to be. 
Hahahaha that's exactly why im sketchy about putting them on. 
Yeah I would go with your current thoughts about buying a pair of loafers or boat shoes. They will add diversity to your shoe collection. 
Thanks for your feedback. Do you know any particular brands that look and fit well on people with slim feet? I'm a skinny mother fucker and big clunky shoes look bad on me. I can do my own research but I take advice here with more than a grain of salt. 
I'm not sure what your funds are for new shoes but I would check out these threads . 
.
.From what I've seen, it's hard to find a pair of clunky loafers if you stick to the brands mentioned in the links above. Best of luck!
Thanks so much I will check all this out!
pretty much any of these
can't go wrong with short sides and back. 

That subreddit is pretty pointless. Quite a few people post there asking for advice, but no advice is given. Any advice that is given though is almost always short sides and back, long on top. 
What do you want to accomplish with your new hairstyle?.If you're just bored of your hair or something, a mohawk is always fun.
This is a bad picture of your face since we can't see your full head shape. Try . as well even though it's quite a dead sub. 
Short sides and back, long on top (~4 inches) pull it back and part at your natural part,
First, you want help. Submit. We aren't going to judge you. Take a few legitimate pictures of yourself and let's see what exactly you should be going towards. The picture you posted gives us no ideas about your burgeoning fashion sense, so you're going to get the.generic response. Short back, short sides, longer top. .Second, I think you should start working towards like 75% of  what Matt Smith has. 
short on sides and back, longer on top
We both have similar hair and I've had a lot success with cutting the sides shorter than the top and pulling up my bangs. My sides are currently at a 3 and the top being long allows me to either style the top or use a little wax to pull the hair on top to the side. 
in the summer i wear white t-shirts way too much
If you are worried about color but still want to keep things simple pick one or two types of clothing/accessories that you need a lot, and show off color with those. Outerwear like jackets and sweaters, or shoes, watches and bags. .It is advantageous keeping your base layers safe and uniform colors because it lets the colorful items you do have stand out, thereby making the base layers fade away leaving you looking colorful. 
Everything I own is gray. ..
Navy love.
I like keeping a uniform sort of safe base colour theme with my outfits, and when I need/want to look colourful, I can accent the base theme with contrasting colours. This keeps down the amounts of clothes I need while still allowing for a variety of different-looking outfits.
I do wear a lot of blues/greys, perhaps it's because I'm not too adventurous and like to stick with the safe options.
As a ginger, green erryday. 
No such thing as too much.
Nothing wrong with that. Nothing.
All guys look best in blue.  Its not just you.

I realized I chose black and blue, black pants blue shirts etc.  Began switching it up, getting funky designs on dress shirts/button T's and such, I don't know it's nice to have variation.
I have a fairly cold color scheme, so I'm pretty much restricted to the purple-blue-cyan third of the color wheel. Meh, at least I won't die in an away team.
I wear mostly black with more black.  But occasionally I like to be sneaky and wear white. (_) .Just wear what you like so long as it doesn't look tacky.
black is not a colour
Ah, but it is a . #Murica
Absolutely! It's great to be adventurous. I usually do white, blue or black. I went online and got a few 1mx purple and pink shirts. They look amazing! (: .If you want second opinions on colors and coordinating them just let me know. Sometimes I ask two or three people so I don't look like a creep or crazy science teacher. Haha
I thought you meant all at once, because Frank Ocean 
Looks like a 90's Japanese school boy uniform...like 
Blue, white, charcoal till I die. 
Amen. 
You speak the truth.
if anyone but a celebrity wore this it wouldn't look too great though...
I could see this getting posted to sf swd and sufu by numerous users and it still looking good..his stacks suck though.
yeah stacks look bad. This would be dope with a white tee/white sneaks instead of black
nahhh, that would be too much contrast and wouldn't be as cool.
its fine if you like one color in particular, but you should try to have a few other colors so you're not limiting yourself
Thanks, I'll try that. Blue has just become like a shade to me, I'll try some other colours. I just feel like some colours look weird on me. 
I would recommend branching out to "nature colors" (grey, olive, brown). Simple colors that work well with blue. 
For me, blue is so... easy..So... right..So... lazy.
I mostly have blue, but I have blue with a little bit of green, blue with mostly white, and then I have some reds too.  It just seems to work best with me, I don't feel right if I'm wearing other colors in OCBDs.  Orange v-neck?  Hell yeah.  Orange OCBD?  ....Not so much.
Well of course you wouldn't wear an orange OCBD, that's a rubbish colour for a shirt. Doesn't mean there aren't good colours for shirts other than blue. 
I do catch myself always choosing blue. So safe 
I frequently wak out the door before I realize I am in 90-100% blue.
I do the same, it gets too much but then I look in my wardrobe and all the clean stuff is blue as well.
The quality is more than passable. 
Just bought a couple ties by them. I kept the silk knit ties, as they're good quality, but the standard silk one I didnt like as much.  Suitsupply has good quality ties though, ties are around $45 and have a very broad range of colours etc.
I have several TieBar ties, and love them. Can't beat the price..That said, I do have a gray tie similar to what you might be looking for that I found recently at J Crew Factory: . I think I had a 50% off code, so got it for ~$20.
Note taken, thank you!
Unless the club or bar you're going likes to put dark light everywhere, there's no reason why you should only wear dark clothes.
Even then, you can work with this tastefully - stripes, white stitching, etc. 
Why not just buy that jacket? I was in a Zara today and it was on sale for $39 CDN.
I'm not near a Zara. That's so cheap though. :(
I actually owned that jacket-it was a terribly buy. Shoddy build, all polyester, incredibly uncomfortable, and it didn't do a damn thing to keep me warm. Anyway, the thing to remember is that Zara normally makes bad quality sort-of-attractive knock-offs of other brands. Looking for an alternative will be easy, but all the other options will be much more expensive. 
That makes sense, thank you for the insight.
Some of the advice in the formal/social events is bad, "If  you choose a classic single-breasted style suit, it should last you for years"."If you buy a white shirt, which are often quite see-through, I also recommend buying a white vest top to wear underneath so that if you remove your jacket, you can't see through the shirt." Those are just bad ideas imo. .Other than that its mostly good I don't like his wardrobe organizing process though, just because if your trying to be minimalistic you are also trying to be as versatile as possible.  The author suggests you organize by event, which is great until I have the problem of one piece of clothing fulfilling multiple events.  .I'm not trying to say the article is bad or anything, just some of the advice is wrong.
It seems pretty obvious but then I get caught up in inspiration albums and tumblr and see stuff that someone else rocks real well and I'm like "wow, gotta get me one of those." When in reality, I just need to do what's me (especially in a low finance situation like mine/general distaste for clutter and materialism). Thanks for the tip!
Hi, I am the author of the article and am enjoying reading your comments. I usually write articles and blogs based on wardrobe building for women and this was my first article aimed at helping men create a wardrobe that works for them. 
pe3brain - I was interested to read that you didn't find my tip on investing in a suit helpful. I am married (20 years) and live in England. About 4 years ago, my husband, aged 40,  had to attend a funeral and I advised him to invest in a dark, classic single breasted suit. He didn't want to, but I knew it would be useful in the future. I was right - in the following 4 years, he has worn that suit to three other funerals, three church weddings, a christening and several job interviews - all unexpected events. The suit has lasted four years so far and should last a few more years yet. He has a smart pair of black shoes to wear with the suit and simply changes the shirt depending on the occassion. A white shirt and black tie for a funeral and a more colourful shirt and tie for a wedding. 
Regarding wearing a white vest underneath, I still recommend this. If you are going to a summer wedding, at some point you may wish to take the jacket off and just wear the shirt, tie and trousers. Shirt fabric is thin and without a vest, you would see your nipples through it and and any chest hair - I am sure you will agree that is not a good look :)
I think my article is good advice for anyone living in a temperate climate such as England and appreciate that for very hot or cold climates men would need to adapt it a bit.
If you are a minimalist, an alternative would be to hire a suit when when needed. However, I think that over several years, you would end up spending more time and money. 
Did you come up with the idea of a white vest yourself?
It's a very odd solution since a white vest is worn with white-tie events. The highest end of formality. It may look quite out of place. 
Grey undershirt or thicker shirt are options. 
One good idea is to wear a grey undershirt. It doesn't show through nearly as much as a white one, and it keeps people from seeing your nips.
"Vest" in the UK = tank top in the US. 
You're welcome. For me it was the fact that I live on the equator, so doing winter/fall layering is pretty much out the window, and following summer-y style all year round won't work either. .And those inspiration albums are still useful . you determined which mini-wardrobe you are building.
So, I've never seen this boot mentioned on MFA. I found it by searching "goodyear welt" on J&M's site (with which there are other affordable shoes, too)..So, I ordered a pair in 9 and 9.5 to try it out. I measure a 9.5 E, but I find that a lot/most nice shoemakers have massively too long/large shoes. This is no exception. Both were . too long. The size 9 was longer than my size 9 Sebago Tremont, a chukka that people recommend to ...I just got in the exchange 8.5 pair today. It is still a little long, but it's pretty tight across the middle of the foot. Like, the footbed is maybe a little bit narrow for me (but wider than an 8.5 iron ranger, way wider than the absurdly narrow AE 5 last), but it just feels like the shoe lacks .. Volume. However you want to put it. Like there's not quite enough leather to go up and over the top of my foot. I have pretty high arches and generally voluminous feet (i.e., large for their length), so this might not be a problem for others..I'm torn, I might not keep it. The fit is not perfect for me. We'll see..The boot . very nice, though. I'm not crazy about the contrast stitching attaching the eyestays to the vamp, but other than that it looks great. Leather feels great and looks great. And the sole is super cool. It's "natural latex", which means it's crazily soft and bouncy. It feels like you're stepping onto a soft surface with every step. Very comfy, but made out of lugged rubber for those like me who are outside in bad weather pretty frequently.
I'm a big J & M fan. ( We sell it at work and I get a 25% discount) but I've found that you have to be selective with their shoes. They offer a lot of low end, fashion forward shoes that tend to wear out quickly. I've got a few nicer pairs ($150+) that I couldn't be happier with though. They're great shoes for college students on a budget if you've got a discerning eye. Don't buy the cheap shit. 
the high contrast stitching and lugged sole kill it for me, but its still a good quality shoe at a reasonable price.
for $189, i rather spend the extra $10 and get the Red Wing Beckman during the nordy's anniversary sale for $199. Made in USA boots. Free shipping and free return.
 $130 horween leather and goodyear welted, pretty damn good deal.
And made in India, it anyone was wondering. The uppers are from Horween in Chicago, though.
I actually just picked up some cheap ones that are pretty similar, but smaller. , in tortoise shell.lemme know if you want a picture of them on me 
I was after the exact same thing - square browline glasses.  I bought the Shuron Ronsirs but found them to be be too rounded.  Almost everything else I found was also too round (like Clubmasters).  I finally bit the bullet and shelled out USD $550 for those Thom Browne (they are excellent quality and a worthwhile purchase if you can save up for them by the way). .But since then, I noticed that Ray-Ban have released a ., which looks like what you're after.  Here is a better .. Not sure if they do an optical version though..Another alternative is the ., although it is almost as expensive as the Thom Brownes (I think Dita actually make Thom Browne eyewear).
 sells the original.  You could also look into . but they're pricier.
It looks like you got your link syntax backward. I tried to fix it for you!. . . . 
 has a lot of cheap yet good glasses. I'm sure exactly what you're looking for but you should check and see if you like anything there.
I know of Warby Parker, I was going to order a home try on kit.  They have a few glasses (mostly the square-ish keyhole ones) that would also work on my face shape..Still exploring my options though
i have a satchel that i leave below my belt-line, and i have a messenger bag that i keep really high on my back. 
I'd say the center of the bag should hit your hip. If I were you, I would just adjust the strap while looking in the mirror until it looks natural.

The shorts and shoes are a little too close in color. This would work better with a white tee and navy shorts to break up the colors.
Outfit looks good, I dig the colors. I think it would look better with a v neck personally, but that's just me.
[deleted]
lol 
what
Got this linen button down from kohls.Might need to have it taken in a little. its poofing a bit where its tucked in..Does anyone think my legs look disproportionately long? I'm 6'5". Should I try wearing my pants lower or something? 
Too big for you if it fits like that tucked. To solve the leg problem either don't tuck in the shirt or wear your pants lower, or possibly even wear boots/hightops if you're more desperate.
It's linen so it will look fine if he untucks it. 
Honestly I'd just untuck. It will make the linen shirt look more natural (it's linen it's kinda supposed to be looser).  It will also shorten your legs visually.
Haha, nope.
Overall I agree that it's pretty decent, but I think the shirt looks weird with the sleeve seam above your shoulders.
What do you mean?
Your shoulders don't really start sloping down to become your upper arms until you get below the shirt sleeve meeting the torso. Generally the accepted fit advice is for the seam to rest at the corner of your shoulder. The torso of this shirt fits pretty well, but the sleeves make your shoulders look rounder and extra narrow.
Ah, that makes sense. Thanks.
Unknown brand shirt,
Levi's 511 red,
Puma Hawthorne,
Tue your shoes and you're good to go.
Wish I could see the picture in a natural light to see if the pants go w/ the shoe color
Yeah, they're a light tan color. 
Is this v-neck too big? I have an athletic-ish build and I'm afraid it might be a bit baggy.

Fine for casual in the summer, not having it skin tight can be cooler. Deep v is fine, just be careful if you're hanging your sunglasses on your shirt. 
I would disagree and say that it's too big. You should probably size down. Even though it looks ok on your shoulders, you have so much extra material around your waist and even a bit around your chest as you can see the creasing on the side..Ok, actually, I'll take that back. I don't think that it's that big, but you should probably find a better cut for a shirt. Maybe something with 60/40 cotton/poly blend, so it tapers a bit better. And Ts almost always look better when they're fitted.
Seems to be a lot of extra material in the shorts with all the wrinkles and everything, but overall, it still looks pretty solid.
fit check and also which shoes work best?.or 
I actually think they both work, but I prefer the navy Vans.
I live near a beach so I tend to dress in casual clothes like this
Jacket: target
Shirt: Ralph Lauren
Shorts: old navy
Shoes: vans

I was worried about that. Would khaki shorts work better?
Not really. A good general rule to follow is either lighter top, darker bottom, lighter shoes, or darker top, lighter bottom, darker shoes. 
Ok. That makes sense. Thanks for the advice.
Today's . for after work + ., . + ...: CK V-neck, Levi's, and a type of Samba that I can't find anywhere else, it might be custom (got them in great condition from a Buffalo Exchange in DC).: J.Crew slim fit oxford, Woolover's fisherman sweater, Uniqlo straight-fit jeans, and Sambas
Personally, I think the t-shirt in the first pic and sweater in the second pic are both a bit short. I try to aim for something that hits around mid-crotch, so it won't show so much skin if I sit down or anything.
its usually better if u take your pics with the shoes on 
Yeah the crop factor of my 50mm lens + the distance I can walk in my room kinda messes that up.
I wanted the . but they were a lot darker and not as close to white as i wanted. However are the . the same color or are they actually lighter in color? If so might have to get those and return the ones i got
the J.Crew ones are a bit closer to cream.  Something about the leather laces looks odd on your Vans.  Maybe it's the metal eyelets.  Try laces like the ones on the J.Crew.
The J.Crew ones are a little closer to cream than white in my book. I like the alohas, I vote that you keep those.
is there an outfit to crituque or are you just showing off?
there are shoes to critique i was trying to get opinions on them. If you think posting pictures of shoes is "showing off" you might want to check the sub you're in
lol just saying youre posting in a thread called OUTFIT feedback but whatev.theyre just shoes man if you like them waer them
but are they the same color as the vans ones? (not sure if youve seen them in person). I like them too but era's for some reason cut up the back of my heel. Maybe they're just not broken in yet ?
I loved my eras when I wore them, I just beat the shit out of them for two years. .For your first question, I believe the "Off White" on the vans website are more of a white white, as opposed to the J.Crew ones, which are cream.
yea basically the same color
i mean he could have asked in simple questions but this post in this thread is fine

and .
 I'm happy with the shorts but I'm feeling the oxfords a bit big around my chest and stomach, and it's also a bit long, is it worth tailoring?
Shirt looks a size too big in the shoulders anyways but it's tough to tell where the seam actually is.
Size down.
Those sleeves are definitely being rolled too high up. Keep it below your elbows.
Nothing wrong with it. Plain, simple fit. But sometimes plain and simple is best. 
Kinda boring. Otherwise very solid :). Maybe a little bit too matchy with the navy in the shoes and shirt?
Fit Check: Before and after of tailoring a shirt for the first time..I fixed my sewing machine and decided to give tailoring my shirt a try. Here are the results. (I know that the sleeves are a bit too long, but there's not much I can do there.) Comments, questions, concerns? Should I slim it up a bit more?
I think it's pretty great, I've been wanting to get into DIY tailoring but haven't bought a machine yet
wayyyy better man, I think the shoulders are too big though :/
i agree, the shoulders are too big, unfortunately not much i can do about that.
From WAYWT earlier, would love more feedback!.1 target, zara, keds.2 alternative apparel, target, topman, keds.3 poler x lifetime, target, union stock dry goods, clarks.4 alternative apparel, target, levis, keds
I like 1-3. I don't think the cuff fits the rest of the look on #4.
dont like the white and white in 2 even though i still do that sometimes.... 3 and 4 look sick 1 looks alright... maybe a buttondown would improve it
personally 4 is my fav, I really like the cuff the simplicity of the colours. everything fits perfectly, well done!
those mens or womens keds?
womens champion CVO. 5 bucks cheaper than mens with only 4 eyelets instead of 5
I think Keds are unisex.
First 3 are great! Last one I don't like as much, the above the ankle cuff seems a bit try hard but otherwise very solid!
Do you have a chunkier boot for fit 3?.Otherwise like them all. 
I wanna say womens cause of the tag on the shoe. But generally they're unisex as the silhouette is the same. 
Still keep getting inexplicably downvoted in WAYWT for something I thought was basic and no fuss. .. .Also been feeling real comfortable in something like . lately. I know MFA is going to tear it apart, so give me your worst
I think cardigans look better when worn with a collared shirt. 
Hey, I have that same sweater! Love it. I wear it with collared shirts though, as someone else suggested. Think you look good, my only other suggestion is to get a watch - even a Timex Easy Reader would class up your look a bit. 
I guess the button up look was a little straight edge for me so I'm experimenting with something like this, especially since it's summer and all. Thanks for the input!
If the tee was white or gray  I like this (with or without the sweater). As it is though the color of the tee is so spring/summer that I don't think a cardigan or boots gel particularly well with it.
Normally I don't care about blurring, but the weird face I was making took away from the fit. Shirt is a little long, and the shoe tongue is showing. Oh well. . shot of the 00 Oxford.
Shirt looks too long.
damn that oxford is dope, great fit. are the gats MMM?
I agree about the shirt being too long but it's not just that. The shirt doesn't fit you well. It has no shape to it. It just looks like a poor cut to me.
Loving the shirt, whats the sizing like on it? 
Thanks! No they aren't, they are OG GATs. Sorry, should have clarified.  
Nah its fine, I was just wondering. Bought them on eBay? Can't really find them anywhere else :(
Yeah, kind of. I was looking for them on ebay when my size and a good price popped up and the seller happened to be like 10 minutes away from me, so I messaged him and did a local meetup. 
nice!
Like I said in my original post :) Appreciated though, that's what this thread is for. 
Looking for thoughts on some jackets:.
This is a size 40 "skinny" jacket. I think the fit's ok, though obviously I need to get the sleeves tailored and it's a bit on the short side. I'm worried that the shoulders may be a bit too big, though, and the armholes seem kind of low..If I decide to keep this jacket, what sort of shirt/tie should I pair with it? I'm thinking a solid color white or pastel shirt, since the jacket has some flecked colors in the pattern. Could I get away with a club stripe tie, or should I look for something solid?. Basically had to pick this one up online for $20. I like the shoulders and sleeves, but it's clearly too tight across the chest and I don't know if there's enough material to let it out. This is a super casual unlined/unconstructed jacket, though, so I might hang onto it as a casual jacket to wear unbuttoned or something..Bonus pic! . I'm going to keep posting fits with these shoes until other people start to like them.
Return the topman sport coat! The button stance is ridiculously high and makes it look like you have a little potbelly. The uniqlo one is slightly better, but still not good. I think you should look into a slightly more classic cut (i.e. a longer jacket), but still slim. The short jackets with high button stances emphasise your lack of good posture and shortens your upper body.
What shirt is that in todays?
It's from American Apparel.
Today's fit is nice, but god those shoes. Something simpler would be way better.
Probably. Honestly I started with the shoes and went from there. Ideally I would have worn a solid navy shirt or something similar, since every time I wear these I try to keep everything else simple and neutral, but I worked with what I have on hand.
Solid navy shirt still wouldn't really work with this outfit, not enough contrast. Try maybe a white tee with those jeans?
Might work. The only white tee I have that I particularly like is a graphic tee, unfortunately, though I've worn it with these shoes and black jeans before.
I disagree, a navy shirt (like what you're wearing without the pattern) with gray jeans isn't too little contrast at all
Just buy a Hanes tee, its like $3 and you can beat it up and it'll still look good
Probably going to do a sort-of bulk Uniqlo order, actually, since I really like the quality of the one t-shirt I have from them.
Yeah Uniqlo tees are pretty good too, you just said you had a pretty low budget so I reccomended the cheapest option. Hopefully you live near a Uniqlo, they're great
1st jacket is too big, second one fits well. Don't wear those shoes or that tee...
Hmm, really? I've been trying to avoid the tell-tale x across the buttons, and the Topman jacket is one of the only ones I've found that seemed workable there. Perhaps there are other factors I need to be watching, though..The shoes are loud and they're bound to be controversial, but I like them as part of my personal style.
Sleeves are pretty big on the Topman, Uniqlo fit (and quality to some extent) is better. Not sure why you like the shoes...they're not controversial or loud really, just not good looking
Well, there you have it. Color matching and other aspects of style can be looked at somewhat objectively, but when you're looking at something like a pair of high-tops that only have one non-neutral color, I think it's much more subjective. I really do appreciate the advice overall, though. It's hard for me to get good feedback on jacket fits from people I know.
doesnt really have anything to do with the color, although the color isn't great, its more about the shape of the shoe. its very clunky and stands out from the rest of almost any outfit in a bad way. its also pretty juvenile, looks like something a hs/middle school kid would wear
Well, yeah, high tops are generally a juvenile style. I see where you're coming from, but I think this more or less comes down to how much you like high/mid tops. These are definitely not a versatile pair of shoes, but I also don't wear them that often. I guess I'm just hoping to make it obvious that I'm going for the look intentionally, because I think I may have a habit of letting my clothes wear me.
Trust him on the shoes. They're really ugly. 
Nah,  hi/mids aren't a juvenile style neccessarily. Here are some great high/mid tops done right
how could you include converse but not nike blazers
idk I did the list in like 2 minutes and personally I don't love nike blazers. the guy also said he had a very tight budget so...since I included expensive stuff (raf, rick), it was only right that I included stuff he could afford.
I don't want to seem argumentative, but are my Adi-Rises really much clunkier than the Nikes you posted? Granted the Air Force 1s are in a much subtler colorway, but I don't see a huge difference. Maybe it's how I'm wearing them.
Unfortunately I'm running low on time (trying to look slightly more professional for an upcoming conference) and there aren't many good options I can find in my price range. Probably I'll just see what I can make work for now and worry about investing in a really high-quality piece somewhere down the line.
Yes, I'm painfully aware of how hard it is to find a decent cut at that price point (I'm around there myself). If you . pick one, go with uniqlo. For the next one, hit the thrift stores!
I would return the first jacket. The arm holes are cut too low for you  the shoulders are a touch too big, and I don't think the cut is flattering on you.  I'd recommend going with a slightly less aggressive slim fit.  Maybe Brooks Brothers Milano?.Second jacket will work nicely as a causal blazer if you get the chest loosened just a tad.  Ask the tailor, it should be possible.
Yeah, I think I might take the Uniqlo blazer to the tailor to see what can be done. Thankfully the sleeves are a pretty good length, since for some reason it has functional buttons.
If he's currently shopping for jackets at Topman and Uniqlo, BB is probably way out of his price range
Bingo. Grad student.
no need to tuck a linen shirt 
[deleted]
i really like this; great beach fit. link to tee if you remember it? 
great shirt detail shot 
Thanks :). I just bought the tee a couple days ago! 
Thanks, i love the shirt :)
shirt is great and shoes look funky but cool
It's basic and fits well..One point maybe worth considering is WAYWT is sort of more "competition" based now, so that could be a reason for your downvotes. 
thanks for the input. I guess the reason I was confused was I remember seeing things as basic as this in recent WAYWT's with positive points and feedback, and I thought this particular one was decent enough to put up.
I dunno. I've noticed a lot of downvoting going on in WAYWT lately. People need to chill out about gaining internet rep.
Don't be discouraged man, they're good outfits. 
oh yeah, thanks. I just cross post here any time I get negative points there in case I'm legitimately doing something wrong.
This thread too, for whatever reason. 
call me crazy but i think sport lettering on the oxford looks weird
I can see a lot of people feeling the same way. Personally I love it, but to each their own!
kinda looks like pyrex etc...
pyrex is stupid for the most part tho 
i agree, just noting the similarities
pyrex is way overhyped and overpriced but style wise isn't terrible. no different than givenchy hentai or pervert tees
its just a personal thing but I really dont like most of it, or i might just not like how its styled cause some of the black tees with white lettering are cool
Here's my first outfit after lurking for close to a year now. 
good fit on the oxford
Thank you. I know Brooks Brothers gets some flack for being large, but their Red Fleece collection has worked very well for me..Plus it has pink stitching and pink on the collar, which doesn't really show in this picture but it's something I'm a fan of.
fit on everything looks good, solid. 
did you get it tailored at all? what size is this/your height? really diggin the 1k's here too
Nope, not tailored. They're the only obcds I don't get tailored. I'm 5'8 and I wear a small. 
It's a 3sixteen duffel coat.
That's it exactly, thanks!
No problem, use google's reverse image search next time!
I'd agree with grey or white shirt, maybe white plimsolls or dark leather (CAB beeswax?) I got a pair of those in black for work, and I'm loving them. The fabric feels nice for the price at which I got them. 
Not really my style at all, but I think it would look well with a grey shirt similar to . But then agian, I'm not the type of dude to wear teal blue chinos either. Either way they look cool, but would be difficult to pull of.
White, grey work easily. I could see maroon or gold working well too.  That's not an easy color. a grey chambray would look pretty cool imo
Sure you can do a windsor or half-windsor but personally I'd stick with a four-in-hand or a double four-in-hand with that collar. Granted, it's not a point collar but it really isn't that wide at all, IMO. 
That's wide enough that I'd suggest a Windsor. But if you prefer something smaller try a half Windsor 
Windsor knots are best for spread collars.
Four in hand is for plebs, pratt or windsor all the way.
noose
I think you have that sign backwards. Try using a < instead.
M65 jacket+liner
Try an m65 jacket from a military surplus store. 
I have a pair and they don't work for me at all, I'm a size 8.5.  Unfortunately all one-size-fits all options don't work well for guys with smaller feet.
Journeys no shows have served me well. They're inexpensive (10.00 for a pack of 5), comfortable, and stay on my feet. I have no complaints with them at all.
I'm usually a 10.5D but for Park Aves I fit a 10E.  General rule of thumb for that last is -.5 size, +1 (D to E, or E to EE/EEE) to width.
or even better, if you are lucky enough to have a AE store nearby, just go there and have them size you, they are honoring Nordstrom sale prices now! I got some yesterday
Allen Edmonds has a good sizing guide on their website as well.
I normally wear 9.5D, but in Allen Edmonds I need a 9E or even an 8.5EE. I don't know how they came up with their sizing. Their shoes are way too long and narrow for normal humans..However, I don't own any of their shoes because the heels are always too wide for me..For comparison, I wear a size 9 in Clark's desert boots, a 9 in Converse Chuck Taylors, and a 9.5 in Converse Jack Purcells. I have narrow heels but the front part of my feet are a D width.
Did you have to show anything to get that matched? The anniversary sale pricing is currently only available to cardholders
they start matching as of now, the sale is not advertised but they are matching. Just ask the rep at the store , the one at mine was very nice and helpful. I picked up a park ave and some strands. Make sure you check out the belts too, those are also on sale and are very nice. Dont forget about your shoe trees!.edit: there is no need to show anything for them to match, just ask :)
Trusting you on this, thanks!
Also check feetlot.com and you can get a good rule of thumb too. Or you could go try on a pair at a store, if you we're planning on ordering online. 
Leather NATO strap. I would take a picture but it's midnight and pitch black. 
My favorite right now is a classic red, white, and blue NATO strap from .. 
I've plugged them a few times but no one can stop me, NATOStrapCo does an awesome job.  I've been wearing the F71 on my Weekender and it's just beautiful.  They make separate strap toughnesses (?) which is really cool and I did not realize.  Overall great straps and great customer service.  The owner left a note on my receipt as a thank you and it was just awesome and made me feel good..Much of the proceeds go to help veterans as well which is a huge plus that doesn't get pushed as much. .TL;DR:  NATOStrapCo makes beautiful, quality straps with awesome customer service and charity work. 
Red and Navy strap from Brooks Brothers for $14.95
I'm using someone else's phone and I'm at a loss at how to link images but I wear a design called 'bloodstripe'. Just search blood stripe NATO strap it comes up. .Goes with so much 
I have the harder to find reverse pattern. Many of them. 
I have 5 different straps... I find myself wearing my navy/gray stripe much more than any other.
One day, when I get my money, I want to get a Pepsi Bezel Rolex Submariner and put it on a red white and blue NATO strap
I've got a navy and red NATO on my Orient Ray. I got it from natostrapco.com and am very happy with it.
It's the second coming!
I went through everything I could find on you one day and then felt creepy about it.  I really like your style and personality I have seen and I'm glad to see you back!
Real nice photo work by the way. Good show!
I'm really new here, but I think one of my first times visiting someone posted a link to your dress-up request post and it's what made me stick around!
Noob here...those brown leather shoes are gorgeous. Where are they from?.Edit: link to a pic that they were in. 
you have/had a pair of combat boots that i think are .? how do you feel about them, especially at that price point?
In the odd event that your read/respond to this....How do you reach your personal style (in a general sense)? How do you get to a point where you put on an outfit and say "this represents me in the truest sense, and not what I think people want to see.".Following you over these years had been fascinating to me, how you've changed and worked towards the style that defines"you." It's been truly inspiring..I walk out of my house every day and wonder if what I'm wearing truly represents me and my personality, and what it says about me. How did you make that personal discovery?.Thanks, and best of luck Veroz.
Are you glad that we became the best of friends because of MFA? .DO YOU EVEN KNOW KARATE?
What cardigan is it in the left .?
Welcome back!  As with several people here, your posts were some of the main reasons I started paying attention to how I dressed.  Also, I freaking love the socks you're rocking ..  Any chance you remember where you picked those up?
Good to have you back Veroz, I really enjoyed reading the shit you posted before you left.
what's your profession man? Just wondering where u'd get all the dough to buy awesome shit.
Welcome back!  I really like some of your fits..It amuses me to no end that you have almost the same expression on your face in almost every early photo..You definitely needed to learn to turn left.
You are very in love with yourself, aren't you?
I gotta say, you look pretty slick in a suit.
I don't know how I feel about this outfit. I can't tell if I love it, or hate it. 
That smile...
Is your closet also your bathroom?
Ok, 2 things. 1. You look fucking awesome in a suit 2. RUFIOOOOOOOOOOO
 veroz is back! 

I'm sure you've been asked this before, but what's with having a closet so close to your toilet? That doesn't make your clothes smell like shit?
Veroz, what ever happened to V by Veroz? And don't think that I have forgotten about the matching dropcrotch outfit you took with your gf. 
Couple of questions man; what are the brown leather cap toe shoes (could be brogue/wingtip) and what's the watch with the white face?
WAS THAT YOU AT BONNAROO THIS YEAR? Because I was there...
This is amazing. I wish we had dates and context for a lot of these.
I like how your combat boots seem to be recycled in increasingly more interesting ways without making them look militaristic and I like your progression of style. It gives me hope that some of the the well dressed people of MFA started out wearing jeans and t-shirts. There are some pictures in here that I PRAY were Halloween costumes, the one with you in a lab coat with a coat hanger comes to mind. 
How many lbs of muscle have you put on since you started posting? It definitely shows!
Damn dude. .You must have spent tens of thousands of dollars on clothes in the last few years.
I think I may be lacking in the 'stupid shit on my wrist' category.
Is that a Junghans watch? Looks very nice..Also, can I ask what shoes these are? 
It feels like yesterday, that you left... I just lurked then, but man, I barely remember a time you weren't being Andy.
Can you give me some details on these two jackets?
Veroz, how tall r u?
this is cool man i never was a huge fan of your looks but you definitely had a thoughtful approach to style and i respect you always pushed and explored. nothing cringe-y here man
I want to know the story behind the Pac-Man picture.
I was wondering if you follow runway fashion/who your favourite designer is?.What resources do you use to find(or learn about) things that fit your aesthetic?
Welcome back, veroz! I learned quite a bit from you and your fit pics when I started out here. Glad to have you back in the fold :]
Veroz I wasn't around when you were, so I can't say how you inspired me or anything, but you were always mentioned and seemed like this mythical creature to me.  I really like your monochromatic fits can you tell me about mixing charcoal and black and how to do that?
Sure, Veroz, you can write an informative guide on a lot of different things. But how do you explain the "cum-guzzling Pac-Man" shirt? 
beautiful home too
So glad to have you back Veroz! Missed your input through your absence. 
Veroz I wasn't around when you were, so I can't say how you inspired me or anything, but you were always mentioned and seemed like this mythical creature to me.  I really like your monochromatic fits can you tell me about mixing charcoal and black and how to do that?
If I may ask, what are you wearing in pic 57? I need to get me one of those
I remember a surprising amount of these in context. cool to see it all laid out.
Good to see you back in the community. You're super creative in your fits and it always made me want to try new stuff.
25k apparently 
Welcome, I don't think we ever interacted before. But you are the reason I have stayed on here and now have started to post pics. Watching your transformation gave me hope!(Deep rooted sarcasm right there).
Hi Veroz, welcome back. Everything I thought of saying has already been said, but I still want to post in this thread, because like a lot of other people on this sub, you have been influential and catalytic to my own style development, which is connected to a lot of other areas in my life. Thanks for that. It's good to see you back.
I don't think you have enough clothes.
as someone else who wears glasses, we all feel like those transition lenses are a good idea, until we actually see ourselves in pictures wearing them.
Bangarang!
Never imagined a year ago how much I would enjoy watching a guy play dress up.
veroz why are u so dapper m8?
Hi veroz, a few questions.
Could you be more specific? Most likely Allen Edmonds. I quit the menswear game before I could go for more high end dress shoes.
I meant to link the image, but I accidentally the whole thing..These. 

So pretty...thanks!
STFU I LOVE THAT GRIN!
Your casual shoegame is so bad o_0
Not really sure why you keep posing with that 'punchable face' pose, everytime you look normal the fits look better aswell.
On a scale of 1 to 10. How much do you love yourself?
What is the sweater style in picture 14 called?
A lot of the well dressed people are still wearing t-shirts and jeans...
True, there are different levels of tshirt and jeans. You can go anywhere from Baggy jeans with huge rips in them with a death cab shirt to slim-raw denim with a t-shirt with a tactful print on it. I started out, in high school-freshman year of college, .. .[edit] adding more
hurray for stupid shit at scout camp.so, wtf are you doing in that third pic?
That is a t-shirt cannon. For one of the five years I worked at scout camp, the program director that thought it would be a cool idea if we shot t-shirts up into the crowd of parents and scouts during the family night campfire.
Where did you buy the Charcoal Linen Oxfords in this picture?: 
pic #3 godlike
Alright, STOP!.Hammertime!
First one is by NSF. Second one is Rugby Ralph Lauren.
I originally got them as rainboots which they do a decent job at. Doesn't fit my style anymore. They're a bit too techy tactical looking. I think they would look better with some tech wear inspired cargo pants. .I'd sell my size US 8 pair if anyone wants em.
how much?

This is now my phone wallpaper 
You don't smile. You show your teeth. 
Mind me asking what Job you have and how much you make?
I like stupid wrist shit.
White perforated common projects
Didn't even mention the fact you were redditor of the year or something
I was also nominated for an Emmy (srs) but I don't tell too many people that. I think people think I'm smug enough.
Holy shit you have. Doesn't matter reddit >>> Emmy 
What size is that navy Ralph Lauren filet?
Could you be more specific?
The sick looking blue chambray-ish top you have on in pic 57 in your album link

[deleted]
Oh, I found that at a thrift store. I still have yet to put together an outfit for it. Could be fun.
Whats the name of this .?
I welcome your self-aggrandizement. moar pls
Can anybody tell me where to find something like .?
I'm pretty sure he answered this further up the thread. 
My bad, thanks.
This made me really really excited to start getting serious..I love your more grunge/goth ninja looks.
how do you have so much disposable income?!?!?!
FYI, you linked straight to the album. Right click and then choose Copy Image URL.
I am really, really dumb. Here you go!
Allen Edmonds Strands. An MFA staple. :D.AEs should go on sale for 2 for $300 somewhere, soon (or I hope they do). They did last year during Nordstrom's Summer sale. You could always pick up seconds on sale for $200'ish usually too..Edit - Seems like the Strands are $230 during Nordstroms annual sale. Not the greatest, but still a really good price for them.
Thanks, ill keep that in mind
I know there's already a couple hundred comments, but I still wanted to say thank you. It's amazing to see your evolution and I can't help but compare it to my own progress (though I don't usually pay the WAYWT game due to time zones). It's very inspiring. Thank you! 
fyi, an extra waywt gets posted saturday nights at 10pm EDT and two Fit Checks at 10pm EDT on Monday and Friday!
5'8
and you're saying you don't like the pants into the boots look? I kinda like it on you and am the same height...
Your money... where does it come from?
I bet this is what it felt like when Michael Jordan came out of retirement. 
Dude, your fresh as fuuuck
Thank you, Dumb16yrold.
What brand are these sweaters: .Also, I'm 5'7" so I'm guessing we would like similar brands. Are there any recommended brands that fit you nice off the rack? When I was in Tokyo this year, I was smitten to find that everything fits me off the rack there whereas most American brands require significant alterations so shorten the length and sometimes bring in the waist. Save Khaki is my new favorite. 
Common Projects, look like a gray/cream suede of some sort.
The other day I remember reading a thread where it was declared that wearing dress shoes like strands with jeans and a white tee doesn't look good. . nicely sums up why I completely disagree with that statement.
. It's really the only way men can spice up otherwise boring outfits.
I wear Happy Socks ..
I didn't get it before, but recently I played cards against humanity. That's one of the white cards you play to fit a black card, i.e. ". ."
Thanks!
The cardigan you're wearing in slide 80 and 82, what style is that and where could I get it? 
What's the shirt in this picture?: 
American Apparel 3/4 sleeve henley
Is it white/Heather black?
White/heather, yes.
Been a while (and I wasn't contributing much at all before your break, just lurking). Welcome back.
Now I know who my guidance counselor reminded me of. . .Also can you post a more detailed photo of your tattoo? I've always liked the way the periodic table looked but didn't want the elements tatted. 
Your counselor looks like jimmy smits and veroz's baby
Quintessential MFA icon is back, the twinkie is coming back....2013 is looking up.
I like the outfits but after looking through the first 20 pictures or so I came to a realization. All your "smiles" in the picture have this vibe of nervous energy, I think if you are able to work on that you'd pretty much be set in visual sense.
[deleted]
It's by NSF. I don't think they make it anymore or even make menswear anymore. Period.
[deleted]
I'm really digging the jacket too. I second this..Here is a very very vaguely similarish one I've been able to find:
Very true. Most everything picture from my first year was with this stupid grin. It was kinda fun to try to make the same stupid face every time, but in the end it just detracts the focus on the clothing. And it is nerve wreaking sometimesposting pictures of yourself on the internet for the judgement from others. I guess that's why people blur out their face, but faces are pretty important when it comes to aesthetics I guess.
Lookswise I think you're pretty good. If you can nail down the smilegold. No apologies needed or excuses. I do agree the nerve wracking ness of putting pictures of yourself on the web for people to critique, but at the end of the day if you're comfortable in your body you really got nothing to be afraid of. This happened to me once...unfortunately at the time, but it has since helped me with being comfortable in my image. 
cool
u used to wear colors?
oh look it's this lil fuck again
Welcome back! Two qs:
1. What size shoe do you wear?
2. You must have spent a shit load of cash on clothes over this time period. Any guesses on a total?
Veroz - what is the inspiration for your tattoos? Can you post better quality pictures of them? I find them fascinating. 
good to see you back. it's weird but i remember your post about mixing charcoal with black, and that single-handedly made me want to dress in monochromey/avant-garde stuff, so i guess thanks for making my wallet hate me?
Yeah, now I have a sudden urge to buy black boots.
real arrogant thread, i like it keep it up
Always nice to see familiar censored faces.
Damn, you are a well dressed man. I know you say that some of them are cringeworthy, but I just feel your personality from the pics. That "shit eating grin" gives an inviting, fun vibe. I'm only really 2 months into my MFA journey, and I'm learning a ton, while trying to help where I can. I honestly will probably bookmark your album for inspiration, as I like a ton of your fits. .I'm in my "better jeans and tees" phase, and I want to experiment, but don't know where to go. I know that I don't want to go prep, as I don't particularly like that on myself. .I don't know where I'm going with this comment, so I guess that's all. 
I need that cat carrier thing in #3
It's photoshopI know because I asked him where he got it.
your posting again you fuck
You obviously don't play enough Cards Against Humanity and run into people in Pacman costumes.
Please explain.


Holy fuck man. You must earn a decent living! I earn a decent living and that's steep for me. If you had to do it all over again, knowing what you know now and what you wear, how much do you think spending wise, you could get away with and be pretty satisfied/set?
I think most of his money that wasn't spend on suits was spent on weird designer goth ninja stuff that you probably wouldn't buy.
welcome back, veroz!  .you were a pretty big inspiration for me (and countless others) when i first started mfa way back when, and it's great to have you officially back around the community!
Wait, is that Zach on the right of . Fun to see someones stylistic growth and change overtime in such a thoroughly documented way. You've really tried on so many different styles, it's cool, especially since a lot of us tend to stick within the comforts of our own styles, or at least have more clear progression with less eclectic dabbling. Intersting album to browse through for sure man.
This photo makes me really happy for some reason
I found . to be the most surprising.
male fedora alliance
Wait that is really Zach?.Oh man, I don't think I have ever seen a bigger gap between personality and looks as that old picture presents.
It is haha. I'd seen a picture of him before, but it was awhile ago so I wasn't 100% at first. Hard to recognize without the Yankees cap pulled dow over his eyes
And . in the middle..Yeah, kinda makes me wish there were people around to help direct me towards my current style from the beginning. I would have saved a lot of money that way, but guess you can't really tell if you like something until you try it.
Yeah, I can see what you mean. One of the very few benefits of being a cash strapped college student is I've had to go slow and really think over purchases, and with all the awesome people with diverse styles on here these days it really is easy to get inspiration and advice on stuff like that. Crazy to think how much MFA has grown and changed within the last year or so!
Hey, what combat boots are you wearing in that pic?
Not 100% sure, but looks like All Saints
cheers
Ugh, burn it with fire.
How tall are you?
What he said
6'3
Shorty
Probably 10-15k. I'd get:.^ That's what I mostly wear on a day to day basic. I'd spend the rest on interesting outwear, shoes, and pants. Like I really want Rick Owens cargo pants and a new leather jacket right now.
It really puts how much of this is experimentation into perspective. Like, you spent 10 grand in hindsight you wouldn't have.
What are your dream combat boots.
Thanks V. Right now I'm sort of ascribing to the 'french wardrobe' idea because I realized I wear the same pieces over and over, even though sometimes I think to have a shoe collection like yours would be wicked.
Already own 'em. A pair of a1923's.
I was writing a large post but I deleted it. You are one of the integral posters on MFA, and have been for a long time. You got me interested in fashion and now it's a large part of my life. .Thanks man.
Cool! Hope it's been a positive influence and you're having fun with it.
I wanted something geeky but not too geeky. Abstract geeky. The pixel pattern represents computers and the fact that I'm a graphic designer. And I'm in the process of blacking out the rest if my arm to frame it and because I apparently have a really high tolerance for pain..But really, it's abstract art so I don't care if people love it or hate it. That's the beauty in it. A lot of people see different things. Tetris, the periodic table, tile flooring, robots. It's interesting to hear someone's interpretation..I will say that is has affected the way I dress dramatically. Both positively and negatively. It's a nice accessory when I'm wearing monochromatic fits, but absolutely ruins how I wear color. You won't see me wearing a polo and GTH pants ever again. Probably for the best.
I really like the tattoo. It's minimalist but not. It also look like it took a lot of commitment to get most of your arm blacked out. Personally, I'm too much of a pussy to get a tattoo, but I really want one. How'd you decide to go through with it? To push an aesthetic to the nxt lvl? Any recommendations as far as actually doing it ? How sure were you wanted it ?
Tribal. Don't forget tribal
I'm not a big fan of ink myself, but respect. 
I've always wanted a sleeve. I think finding a good artist is especially helpful. I worked with . to help me come up with the design taking into account the style I was moving towards (I showed her tons of pictures of tattoos I liked and some of my more interesting fits)..You should be 90% sure you want it. There will always be that 10% of anxiety because it is a permanent form of body modification. I went into it with a lot of confidence, but there were times throughout the experience (this took a year to do and still going) that I wondered if it were worth it. Now it's grown on me and I can't imagine waking up not covered in tattoos.
I saw you have a tattoo on your back. What's that?
Actually, I kinda like that frame up. I think the tattoo could work pretty well for prep fits. I don't think it's nearly as limiting. 
A power symbol. A remnant from 18 year old me who thought it would be cool.
Is it cool?
As an eighteen year old, let me assure you that rarely has a decision I have made been "cool". The pattern is true with my peers.
Now all we need is urthwhyte, narcism and NYCphotog back and the gang's back together!
I feel like if urth comes back, the FFA mods would collectively try to get him institutionalized. 
what ever happened to narcism? 
he's still active just not here. I think he probably just hit exactly where he wanted to in fashion and saw no reason to continue.
what about hooplah.and kap.and jon
what happened to hooplah? I guess I missed that one...
kap drops by maybe once every month
okay fine god I know I didn't mention everyone just the first 4 that popped in my head when I thought mfa circa 2010
shh you did your best
she quit
quitting implies there's some sort of objective to this whole thing
She posted a few times recently. 

Got lazy and a lot of stuff looks the same, which I'm ok with. .I need to find a place to take pics of outfits when I do like them though.
just move in w/ veroz, u guys can take each other's fit pics

you shall forever be remembered 
is this where we make out or something iuno
hey dont make it weird man
yaaaaaaaay
You gave us all of those links, but the real question is what's your snapchat?
Guess.
[deleted]
you use this as a penis also?.I thought i was the only one.
Justin Bieber ruined drop crotch pants. . werks them. .That silhouette thread a while back was cool. Really emphasizes body language and making sure shit works for your body type. It's not for everyone.
upvote for mentioning arya stark. also i think you can find better sunglasses/glasses
I'm not a huge fan of them. I think a lot of times they come off a bit obnoxious. Maisie Williams is... well Maisie Williams so it sort of works (mainly because it almost seems satirical).. But whatever as long as you're comfortable with what you're wearing, who cares
Respect. Yeah, it takes a lot of courage to walk outside the house with them on sometimes. They're great when you're out and about doing your own thing, but if I end up at a house party I'm all like, "Oh god why do I have to stand out so much. I wish I was wearing jeans and some CPs." Again, context is important.

veroz, how does it feel knowing complex put you on their list of "most punchable guys" or whatever the fuck that was.and if you had to rate yourself from 1-10 how punchable do you think you actually are?
link?

How is it that nobody in this thread has mentioned that you have a toilet in your closet?
I'm still confused how no one has even asked about the pic where he's wearing womens clothes
Shhhhh
I guess that gives a whole new meaning to "airing out your clothes"...
I didn't realize he meant "shit fits" literally
The guy who wrote the article has a pretty punchable face too.
Oh my lord. That mouth would feel so good to ki-- punch. 
You weren't going to say 'kick', were you?
...maybe?
you forgot your most important .did our time mean nothing to you
Oh, I deserve it in that picture. If I had a time machine, I would go back in time and punch myself..IRL? I'd like to think I'm pretty respectable. I know I used to want to punch dudes just because they popped the collars on their polos. Now I wait until they open their mouth.
That's just common sense. You can do way more damage to an open mouth than a closed one.
Def not even your most punchable fit.
how do you walk with a 19" penis and how many people have you killed during intercourse
Fat chick mirin'
Is that the Terminator look?
She be like 
FACT: Everyone I have had sex with will die some day.
what if they don't maybe your penis and cum are the keys to immortality
Go home, ramdomthought. You're drunk.
or maybe i'm just trying to find the key to everlasting life
he doesn't want you to expose his secrets
Doctors hate him!
Try this one weird trick for eternal life!
You get a lot of praise and you get a lot of shit but it takes courage to keep . on the Internet. I really like this album because it shows that you can't go from not giving a shit to dressing well overnight. There's lots of trial and error and contrast laces and overdressing and stuff you got on sale from jcrew that you regret buying. When I first joined mfa the first post I saw at the top was a . addressing the importance of shoes and it was one of the first things I was exposed to that really got me thinking about the way I dress. Over the next several months I read your posts and took a lot of inspiration from them. I tried to find my own style and watched you develop your own. Usually I'd say something like "I hope this doesn't come off weird" but this is an online men's fashion forum so that's completely out the window and I'm starting to ramble so I'll just say it's good to have you back man :-)
It's really bugging me that that first fit is being criticized. That's a great looking fit, and works well on him. Just because it doesn't fit in with the current non-conformist at all cost circle jerk doesn't mean it's bad. The constant hate on the sidebar look is incredibly annoying.
I really hope you're not talking about 
I am, what's wrong with it? It looks good.
What do you like about it? Bottom half is decently passable but top half is all kinds of fucked up. There's nothing wrong with wearing . but rolling the sleeves on a blazer looks like shit. The silk pocket square could not be any more out of place and overall makes him look like some 
I do think that the pocket square is too loud, but I also think he's really pulling off the rolled up blazer sleeves look. It's certainly not for everyone and some people look like clowns if they try it, but it works in this fit. 
I think one thing to keep in mind is that everyone was overdressing a year or two ago...the economy was worse, everyone needed a job, so style shifted to the formal side of things. Now that we've been out of recession for a while, it's shifting back to the more casual side of things..Or maybe I'm full of shit...
eh, maybe, but i'd say it's moreso because a lot, probably most people conflate dressing up w/ dressing well.
Thanks, you said it better than me. In the beginning, I remember making it a goal to not wear the same outfit twice. This meant trying to mix and match pieces in different ways which always didn't work. .I get super paranoid about all these photos of me in the Internet, but then again, there's nothing to be ashamed of. I learned from it, other people learned for it, and we all had a good time in the process I hope.
You give hope to everyone who owns a studio apartment..However, I refuse to validate your profound Internet enlightenment stage..Welcome back! Lets all wear goofy clothes and pretend to be cool. You helped me feel better about wasting my money on white Jack Purcells and dark brown suede boots.
Dark brown suede boots? .Just kidding. Thanks!
I know..I'm rebel without a cause.
is it ilikedix6969?
it's actually ladiesman207
207 because men have 206 bones in their body until they see veroz.. at which point they have 207
Shots fired.
I join MFA, Veroz joins MFA. Veroz becomes mod, I become mod. Veroz leaves MFA, I leave MFA. I return to MFA, Veroz returns to MFA..This is the weirdest game of tag I've ever played.
Next MFA/FFA power couple. #ccsinvags
I knew there was a reason I didn't have a girlfriend. Its because I don't have that cc
i'm gunnin for you
"tag".  is that what they're calling it these days?
grab ass
It's pretty much legal now after that last Supreme Court Ruling. 
More like pretty much mandatory 
I visit you in NYC. You vis...oh wait.
Speaking of you in NYC, I swore I saw you in K town a few weeks ago on a Saturday night. Unless I'm being subconsciously racist. In that case, please disregard. 
Hey man give me like, 
Oooooh shit are you gonna head to SF .????
Dude since when do you live in cali. 
IM MOVING IN AUGUSTTTTT
To kangaroo land
No god you never listen to me. .TO SF. WHERE I WILL LIVE IN SHINNE'S MURDER ROOM. 
it's been a while since you were last here but this would go better in one of the recurring threads like waywt which happens every monday, wednesday and friday (also saturday evening).
I feel like this is less of a waywt and more of a "Here's how I've evolved over a period of several years" kind of deal. 
I think this totally deserves its own thread. 
Some of your earlier fits might get more feedback in the Outfit Check threads which are posted almost daily as well.
Just to add - I didn't understand that last bit but if you're looking for tumblrs to follow for inspiration you'll want to add that to the "Simple Questions" thread.
Also, before starting a thread, he should have read the sidebar first. I hate now beginners clog up the frontpage.
It actually took me this far to realize you guys were joking..
He's joking 
post pics?
Do you mean the astronaughts themselves, or like "highly educated, bad-ass motherfucker" ? 
You need to get one of these... Omega moonwatch like they wore on Apollo 13...
I'd start with a space helmet 
A couple of friends and I do a group costume for a contest every year, now I seriously think this could work for next year.

These
Did I really get downvoted for Tom Sachs Nikes in a thread about looking like an astronaut?
The Nike Craft x Tom Sachs is pretty amazing
maybe there can be a 1950-1960's Space Race album?
i would def be willing to collaborate w/ you on making some sort of inspo album about this
I'm assembling a thing right now. Hard to find non-spacesuit pictures of the guys. Currently I'm targeting Mercury 7 and New Nine. Might throw in some cosmonauts, too.
PM me what you got and i'll add mine and then we'll hopefully get Hip_PIP in on it too
Yeeeeee
Okay I'll start looking for stuff
When I think of astronauts, I think of polos with nifty embroidered designs.
I want one of those silver space suits and awesome helmet. I'd fucking wear it all the time.
Randolph Engineering or American Optical Square Aviators 
 That's what Houston looked like during Apollo 13, so probably a short sleeve white shirt with a skinny black tie and dark grey wool pants?
And don't think the vest Slayton is wearing is typical.  He got plenty of hell for it.
If you're referring to the vested guy in the picture then that's Gene Kranz, not Slayton. Kranz's wife made him his vests before each flight he servered as flight director.
That's what I get for getting drunk and remembering my mother's and grandfather's stories.  Of course you're right.
Like .? 
Space Suit.
I had a feeling someone would say this

WTC jumpsuit?
Those pants are dope af
It's a jumpsuit if I'm looking at it correctly.
In addition to squared aviators, a short sleeved white button up shirt, a black silk knit tie (fairly skinny), navy blue dress trousers, and a black belt and shoes. Make sure everything is fairly slim fitting..hair short, and parted in a hard side part with a glossy product..And an A-2 bomber jacket if it gets cold.
I just realized I described an engineer's clothing, not a pilot or astronaut..A lot of the test pilots and astronauts were also engineers though.
Thank you, I thought it was mainly plaid tucked into Khaki pants
That was one of the big points of the right stuff.  The astronauts were all well educated, mostly engineers.  That's why they wouldn't let an amazing pilot, Yeager, into the program.
I had a pretty extensive reply typed out and the internet decided to eat it. Anyway, just from the side bar to give you some inspiration:
.The only comment I'd like to make is that I think bow ties look fantastic-on about one third of the people that try to wear them. So, be careful with bow ties. Most people who think they pull it off most certainly do not. General for-the-office tie advice:.Any questions I'd love to help. For some good inspiration, use big businessmen in movies like Patrick Bateman. They have stylists and costume artists whose entire job is clothing. 
Thanks for your detailed response!.I am fairly certain I cannot pull off a bow tie without looking like peewee herman, so I'll play it safe with neck ties :).If anyone else is interested... I found this useful guide courtesy of . 
Why limit yourself to just 1?! 
you can go with a simple knit or grenadine tie, or a simple patterned tie in similar casual fabric like . or . (in blue/yellow). The key is slim and non-shiny.
Pretty much any color will go well with a white shirt. If you're looking for one for every day wear I'd go with something simple like a solid color or striped rather than a "unique" tie. .If I were you I would go with something that had some color in it just to draw away from the white/khaki combo but I wouldn't go too bright with the color. I'd stick with something more pastel colored. 
Thanks for the advice! I was thinking of a cobalt blue or royal blue tie such as 
Don't go for anything super shiny. You want something with texture, like a silk knit or grenadine or even chambray depending on how casual you want to go.
 does monthly fittings in Los Angeles. Also check out .. .For color, charcoal or navy are the most versatile. Avoid black.
I don't know what kind of belts Adam Levine wears, but . makes nice ones that might go well with black jeans and boots.
Buy a small tin of mink oil and apply sparingly.  No need to spend $20+ for some fancy shit.
ask in the simple questions thread
I put it on my beeswax CDBs and I did not like the way they looked afterwards. Originally they were a nice light brown, and they turned into a much darker, mucky looking brown.
Good to know. Thanks!
does the mink oil darken the leather?.yes it does darken the leather:.Mink oil will water poof and preserve leather, but it can darken lighter shades of leathers..I was doing some research on various products in my store and I came across this forum. I know it's about men's clothing- and I'm a girl, but I work at Red Wing shoes and I thought I could help out with some more information on this topic. What I'm to say is not coming from Red Wing official training, but what I have researched on my own time and talking with the customers over the years. (And I know the last post is sort of old, but if anyone else comes by this forum like I have, my information will be here.).For the majority of the comments, it seems the biggest downfalls people come up with are that mink oil attracts dust. I can see where that would be a big issue with dress shoes, but to make a good decision on whether or not mink oil is the best product you should use, you should probably know more about what it does- and what else is out there..Mink oil is a really good conditioner, but for any type of leather, you don't want to use it too often. Aside from helping waterproof, it also softens the leather. For the most part, that's what you want. But mink oil is really potent, and the long term use of mink oil on leather will eventually deteriorate it. And the shoes that already have a waterproof liner inside them, the mink oil saturates the leather to such an extent that the excess oil will sit on the waterproof liner and rot it out. The severity of this depends on how often it's used, and on the amount of mink oil in the product..We suggest using a bees wax based product. It comes in a solid wax, liquid you 'paint' on, and a spray. And since it doesn't have a color to it (basically transparent), it's good for any color of leather and wont darken it like mink oil. For the solid wax, it will buff out the scuffs, bring the color back to the shoe, and make the shoe generally look nicer. The liquid is best for rehydrating old, worn, dry leather, and the spray is good for suede as it doesn't ruin the knap. The only thing that should be avoided with this product is using colored shoe creams. The creams don't mix with the wax. Creams are a temporary fix that sits on top of the leather and will rub off requiring you to reapply more often than a wax that works into the leather. And if you used cream, you have to try and get it off before you put the wax on it.
Unless you are using your boots for hunting or hard work in rain (Obehauf's makes great stuff for that) - but if they are just for casual use - this . is killer stuff, and you can use it on premium leather jackets, shoes, car seats, etc. as well - for about the same price :)
does the leatherhoney makes the leather goes dark? I need to get some leather conditional for my iron ranger and wolverine 1k..thanks
Nope, casual wear. .Thanks for the link!
Obenauf's LP
second this. I use it on my Wolverines.  dat smell......
I'll check it out. Thanks!
It depends on how many coats you put on, but one coat for instance, will make a tan a little darker, but it kind of makes the leather look richer and it has more depth (see saddle on their website) for black or dark brown no change - I put several coats on my horsehide motorcycle jacket (blk) and it soaked right in, and the leather feels very supple, yet still wears like iron.
Does your sewing machine look like this?
I just looked at the updates because he mentioned he was driving up to Fort Worth the other day to look at sewing machines and he posted pictures of the awesome vintage Union Special 39200AC that he just picked up. 

Thanks beerdy!  I was just about to buy an ad..That new machine is amazing, it lived an easy life in a drapery shop and came with a full kit of repair parts and the original receipt.  A craiglist find no less.
I really loved your thread where you broke down sewing a pair of pants.  Way cool, you totally didn't have to do that.
Sure I did, there's too much "magic" surrounding the clothing industry.  It's not simple or easy but it certainly isn't mysterious.  Sharing that album and the huge response it got was one of the highlights of running Paleo so far.
I know what you mean, there is a lot of trade secret type stuff in any industry that no one wants to tell anyone.  It's the same as the 3d Art that I deal with but it's nice to see someone not care and show people whats really going into a craft.
Fedoras
Turtlenecks
speedos.and I don't see overalls getting popular again anytime soon
Daniel Craig and most of Europe are almost there
Fairly sure theres a turtleneck guide on here somewhere
Glad cargo shorts didn't get mentioned yet. I understand why there's a stigma against them, but IMO they can work in a street/urban wear context.
Cargos are okay as long as the shorts aren't well below your knee and the pockets are low-profile - basically if they look a lot like normal shorts 
I can't see bell bottoms coming back 
They came back in 2000, they might come back but I will never wear them.
truck nutz
All those teens wearing baggy truck nutz...
#menswear dudes wear them. 
You can't really tell for the future of fashion, but in the past, pieces have been made for functionality and been used for this and i expect some of these pieces to not have made it into fashion, even though i ain't sure. .This would also depend on who would be judging the item regarding it being in fashion or not.
I feel that the answer is simply no. We have no idea what kind of aesthetic people of the future will want to portray. Fashion is completely subjective to the values of its audience..Even in the present I don't feel that you can objectively say any item is universally fashionable or unfashionable to all people in all contexts. 
Puffy Renaissance shorts (aka trunkhose): 
I think this is the true winner of the thread so far
The only thing that comes to my mind are things that are obvious costumes. Things like safety gear (could) develop into commonplace work wear and then into fashion. I could easily see something like a visibility vest being slightly toned down and worked into streetwear. That being said,  while pirate inspired garments could conceivably come into fashion,  a full blown pirate,  wookie, vampire, etc costume really couldn't. 
What about a vampire pirate Wookie though? Maybe the combination of those three will create magic!
Are trucker hats ironic now?
Why would they have to be ironic?
I was joking; fashion trends among the urbanite "hipster" group over the past decade has largely pivoted around ironic staples - things that don't belong yet are thrown into an outfit to showcase that very fact.  I was implying that trucker hats were once incredibly unfashionable following their widespread use by Ashton Kutcher on Punk'd and now may be ironic and "cool".
fedoras.....
before you know it, they'll be an entire class of euphoric full grown men claiming fedoras have made a comeback.
I've got to go away for a bit, but I'll post my thoughts on the matter here later. Cheers!
So why not post... later?
Perhaps he wanted to start a discussion first and see what other people have to say before giving his own input? 
Probably stuff that was worn before the modern era. Pre-1800s stuff. Those clothing styles just cannot come back. 
I actually have this picture on my insp. folder:
impressive calves
Actually, I disagree. Tell me you can't see . becoming a fashionable look (albeit likely very tackily done). A lot of it is closer to modern styles than you think.
Unless they're tactical
The cape will never come back in style, sadly...
I wouldn't count the cape out just yet.  It seems to be making a comeback with womenswear and there are designers like geller and rad making them for men.
That is style.
What's it called when the cape is primarily on one side; Ezio d'Auditore style? I thought that was a half-cape but I've also seen a half-cape defined as a shorter cape...
..
..
Wrong!
.
.Quick someone convince me to buy one of these over one of their regular raincoats. 
That's so badass. I want one. 
I remember hearing someone say that ed hardy style gaudy tees are the only thing (currently) so unfashionable that it is impossible to wear them ironically..Unfortunately, they may come back in style as well.
That's pretty funny, and also true. It's absolutely impossible to wear one of those shirts without looking like an abject idiot.

Only pieces of clothing I can think of that would fit this are pieces of clothing that are designed with function over aesthetics, stuff like labcoats, steel cap boots, hi-vis jackets etc.Every piece of casual/non-work related clothing ever made was designed to an aesthetic that was appealing and suitable at the time it was invented, and if that piece of clothing was considered to be 'fashionable' or appealing at the time then there really isn't any reason that we might find a particular look appealing again in the future.Thats the way I would look at it anyway.e: It also just popped into my head something that I heard once, it went along the lines of that there are no unfashionable clothes, just clothes worn unfashionably, toilet thoughts are the best
If they made work wear like jeans be as ubiquitous as they are, they shall find methods for the items you mentioned. 
Damn, now I want lab coats to become fashionable...
I've never posted a WAWYT before, but now I need to next week at work somehow fashionably wearing a lab coat. I'll figure it out. 
I'm pretty sure your standard indigo machine shop coat will come into fashion sooner or later.  Probably not intentionally though,.
That was going to be my example but you beat me to the punch!.Very, very many pieces of what we consider fashionable have their roots in some sort of utilitarian context.
labcoats can be very cool
Not necessarily. Chippewa and Thorogood have steel toe versions of their more fashionable models if you prefer a work-wear style.
Givenchy Welding Visor coming a/w14
I'm still waiting for my MMM s/s 12 lab coat.
How about .?
Okay... I can't see this becoming a fashionable look. 
Well put.
Crocs..Also white leather belts.
watch crocs are about to come back hard.give it 2-5 years
I agree with Crocs, but I think white belts can look really good on golfers when on the links.  Of course, I think they can get away with a lot of stuff non-golfers can't...
maybe not a plain white belt. With the right outfit, I don't think a white belt is that hard. I definitely think women have a better chance at pulling it off.
white leather belts were fashionable and will probably make a comeback, like most things, at some point.altho crocs i doubt will ever make their return
you just watch crocs aren't out of the game yet. when people need a tacticool version of birkenstocks who will they look to
Just because you don't have the steez to pull it off does not mean you get to hate on my codpiece.
It should have been addressed. Better to contact the wedding party than to show up and look like a fool. 
That's what I figured. Thanks
Boots are fine year round so long as it isn't stupid hot. It's hot as fuck where I live but I still sometimes wear boots to work on Fridays.
boots can work well for all seasons depending on where you live, but they are better for fall/winter due to the weather changing. sneakers, moccasins, and loafers are more popular during spring/summer since its easier to keep cool in them and they look better with shorts. .so short answer, your friend's wrong. 
I live in Oklahoma where it gets hot, and I wear my Red Wings every week. 
If its cold enough where you live to wear boots, wear em.
Although it may no be fashionable, I have to wear winter boots . due to the cold winters and circulation issues. There is no way these could be worn in the summer..Its fine to wear workboot style boots during the summer, as long as you don't wear shorts.
Uggs! Wear uggs with everything! And crocs are fabulous!.Lol please don't. Boots are actually great for fall and winter. I prefer flip flops any other time, or boat shoes.
I bought a pair of Iron Rangers at the end of winter and were nearly impossible to wear due to the fact there's NO grip on the bottom. So that's a mostly fall/spring boot. I also just bought another pair of RW Moc toe, they have some grip hopefully for the winter, they don't look too warm though. 
Boots are for whenever you want to wear them. But I generally leave mine in the closet for sneakers or loafers in the summer, it gets too hot here for boots.
Boots look silly with shorts, but beyond that you can pretty much wear them year round. There are some boots that are absolutely not ideal for winter - crepe or leather soled boots are terrible in snowy or icy conditions.
Only go with 3 if you roll up the sleeves because the sleeves are way too long.
Here's my input:.1 is just too big. 2 is closer, although it doesn't have the most flattering cut around the body and looks a little long in the sleeve. 3 is the nicest cut around the body, but I'm not a fan of the white dress shirt look and the sleeves are for a man eight inches tall. 4 is also just too big.
number 3 shirt with number 1 jeans. 
Three was the best.
3 is actually a very light blue shirt. It was just the lighting that makes it look a bit more white, but thanks!
i don't have then cuff buttoned in that photo and my arm isn't completely straight so I think that's why the sleeves look as big as they do. 
It is too long regardless.  With your arm like that, it should stop at the break in your wrist, even when unbuttoned.  Where the cuff begins is where it should be ending.
Ah, I must've missed that. Everyone else in the thread gave you pretty good advice though, so listen to them!
Shirts are all huge on you...
by huge do you mean in length or width?
Shoulder seam is falling off your shoulder, sleeves are long, and baggy in the body. .I'm assuming these are all medium size? Because I am 5' 10" as well with a slim/athletic build and I wear all my shirts in small.
Agreed. Also 5'10 or 5'11, and I wear a small. In fairly good shape. I still have a bunch of mediums in my closet though :(..Only problem is the neck usually, and that doesn't really matter seeing as how when i wear a tie it's with a dress shirt (shocker).
3 is actually kind of tight in the body for me i find, the buttons pull a little bit. But yeah, they are all mediums
If you ever get a chance, try on a regular small button-up and see how it looks on you. I used to wear mediums too, but found out that a small just fit me better all around..For tonight, wear number 2 or 3 and just be yourself. If you're trying to impress a girl, focus on that and not too much on whether your clothes fit or not. They'll be fine for tonight, but maybe check out . located on our sidebar some time. .Good luck, bro!
alright thanks! Next time I'm out shopping i'll try one on and see how i like it. And I was also just trying to get some advice for going out in the future as well, about time for me to start improving my look I think. But thanks again!
Maybe rolling the sleeves up on number three would work. The rest are a little big.
This will do for tonight.  Tomorrow, I'd recommend reading the button ups guide and the fit guide on the side bar, and trying to find a nice fitting shirt.  
or just having his shirts tailored
Definitely your best option.
Why does everybody think 3 is the best?  It's a dress shirt untucked.  I say 4 with sleeves rolled.
I'm guessing you put them in the dryer.
No. Cold wash and hang dry exclusively. I only cold wash and hang dry my chinos and jeans. .That's why I'm even more irate. 
Have you tried wearing them a bit more to see if they loosen up? I do find my denim is tighter after washing, but it loosens up within a few wears.
I guess I could hope, but I don't think wearing them is going to fix an inch of shrinking in the legs. .I don't know if you read what I posted, but this isn't like other Levi's. All my other Levi's fit me perfectly in 28x30 in jet black and other colors, but this one is some weird "Updated Rigid Stretch" material. It's not raw, but it stains things too. Or maybe it's raw. .Even the guy in the store couldn't tell me. His advice was to avoid cold washing and hang drying, because that would STILL shrink it! He said to either wash it only twice a month, or dry clean it to avoid any trouble. 
You should definitely avoid washing too frequently. Regardless, Levi is known for poor quality control with regard to sizing. It's possible you got a pair that's smaller than it should be. It's also possible this fabric shrunk more than that of your other jeans. I don't know how to help other than to recommend buying in store so you're guaranteed they fit correctly. Now that you're experienced with this fabric, you can adjust your initial sizing to compensate. Sorry this happened to you, though  it's definitely not your fault.
Indeed, I suppose. I'll just blame Chinese manufacturing. .Luckily, they were marked down from their original $64 price tag down to $32. Along with that, there was an added bonus 50% off from that, bringing the total price down to somewhere around $18. .So it wasn't that costly of a mistake, I suppose. So uh, just cuff these and wear 'em at the beach? 
try penfield or j. crew maybe?
don't you have those watch or jewelry shops in the mall that do stuff like replace batteries and adjust bracelets? I wouldn't try to pry open the case yourself unless you've got the micro watch tools. You don't want to strip the screws.
Agreed. I took my Skagen watch to a jewelry store in my town that sells Skagen watches. They replaced the battery with no trouble while I waited and charged me $12. In my opinion, it was well worth it.
Any decent jewelry store has the tools to open watches but the batteries will cost a bit more than if you bought them yourself. Honestly, trying to open a quality watch is a pain in the ass and risky without the right tools; get a pro to do it.
Yeah I guess I'm going to go to a place that's watch specific.  Might try and pop my cheaper open myself though.  Just don't want another Macy's mall experience.
Your best bet is a site like Warby Parker that will send you frames to try on before you buy..Otherwise, it's really helpful to go to a brick and mortar store, try some on, and write down the measurements. Most glasses will have 3 numbers written on then that correspond to lens width, bridge length, and arm length. Then go online and find glasses in a similar style with the same measurements.. a quick guide for what those numbers mean/look like
Rather than spend 150 bucks on one pair of glasses, I bought 5. I started with Zenni, 8.50 or so shipped. and when i knew what I liked I looked at other sites, EyeBuyDirect and Goggles4U among them until I found a pair that I really liked. Then I bought another one of those. 
The nice thing is I can leave them lying around, by the desk, or in the car... I lost one pair too - no biggie, it cost less than a cheap pair of sunglasses. 
warby parker is the only way to do it without a chance of fucking it up. i've purchased too many pairs i dont wear because i bought them online. 
You bought online and they didnt look like you thought?
  offers a free first pair. You can't go wrong with that.
dumbass question considering they are free; how is the quality?
Yeah, Zenni and Coastal are cheap as f. Did you like the quality of those frames?
The cheap pair are very cheap, but I don't care - I don't look at them, but through them, and they do that well. 
Photoshop/gimp them on to a picture of your face. I have yet to see a virtual try-on that works. It's easy too as most sites use a white background. I figured out how to do with GIMP in no time without previous knowledge. If you know the width of the glasses you can scale them pretty accurately relative to the image of your face.
That's a good point, I wish I had better photoshop skills
Open the image in GIMP, use the eraser to remove everything that's inside the lenses, select everything with the wand, invert the selection, cut out, paste on to image of your face, use scale and move to fix it up. That's pretty much it.
So here's my advice; by your glasses at a brick and mortar retailer. I wear prescription glasses, they last 3 to 5 years and they cost $800-$1200. I may be able to find them cheaper online, but I'll lose the personal touch. Like every other aspect of fashion, fit comes first. The internet isn't going to fit your glasses for you. The internet is not going to be able to make adjustments. The internet won't show you how you look in 40 different frames. The internet is not going to tell you what you want when you don't know what it is you want, yet. Eyeglass professionals do all these things and more and usually for the same price or cheaper than the internet. 
Why do you hate the internet? Just kidding, I agree with all your points, I just like the price of online glasses way better :)
Thanks, that guide is very helpful. Do you use these measurements when you buy glasses? Like do you know a range that works for you?
Go into some stores and try them on. When you find a pair that you like the style of and fit your face well (ask the people at the store about this or bring a friend), look on the arm of the frames. You'll see at least 2 numbers there. Write them down and go online. Most glasses retailers online will list the measurements
That's great advice. What sort of range do you work with? I looked up and the number is a mm measurement, so it seems like I wouldn't need to stick with a specific number.
Yeah exactly, they are actual measurements. It changes for every person based on their face shape, I tend to stick to glasses with a lens diameter between 49-51 (51 is somewhat big on me), and a bridge length of 21. Arm length is really subjective and sometimes isn't even listed, but you tend to get ~140. 
No, they just didn't fit well...
ahh. Not considering fashion, do you need to worry about what your vision is like when using these glasses?
Virtual try-on is currently useless as they do not take scale into account. Your glasses will not be the same size.
Anyway, I used to work in this, so I've done a lot of testing:
Zenni: $5+, but you get what you pay for. Pure crap that gets uncomfortable
Firmoo.com: Slightly more than Zenni but infinitely better. One of the few to not have some lens error
Warby Parker: High quality frames, but my lenses were cut too small, so they creak like crazy
Coastal Contacts: Repeatedly give stuff away for free. Their house frames as ok, just ok. The lenses were flawed but not horribly
Target Optical: Launched yesterday. No clue what quality will be like, but there are physical stores for you to complain at if need be
some sites like warby parker have this option where they mail you frames so you can try them on and see how you like them. dunno how many other sites do that.
I saw that, but honestly assumed there was some catch. Have you done the warby home try-on?
No catch. You can even order another set of five after they received the first set, that's what I had to do. Warby Parker is a great company.
i have not but if you just do a quick search you can probably find other people who have
I just picked out 5 and had them shipped today.  So far, so good!  And they come highly recommended from a coworker.
I've done it. They do take a CC number just in case you decide to steal all of them, but there's no catch. 
Im gonna skip on the custom print, its proving impossible... .Did come across this that would be perfect, but its missing the photo ID slot...
Zip coin holder is a must?.Not bashing him, just really surprised that's a requirement for anyone in 2013. 
Well to be honest the reason he goes through wallets so quickly is the zips always break, losing that would probably be beneficial. .The only places i can find that do internal printing dont have anywhere for coins though. He mostly just buys cigarettes and energy drinks from off licenses so a wallet that only holds cards isnt great for him. 
The shirt's fine, you probably don't want to wear it with white or black pants though. Since it's white/grey stripe, wearing pants the same color makes the orange neck the only thing that is a different color. All attention to the neck. So, it is not a lost cause, but no you cannot "rock it" with some white chaps shorts.
Flip flops if you are on the beach are fine. Any other time, put on a pair of shoes. Sneakers or loafers depending on personal style. 
Also, read the sidebar about shoes (at least, and probably the rest of the side bar while you are here). 
Hahaha I liked how you put in quotes "rock it." I appreciate it. My moms dressed me my whole life and since I found this. I realize what I should have done long ago. My "shoe game" is the worst of all. I have a pair of Umbros that look like vans and some fucking rock ports that I just found out are apparently a no go. And my Nike flip flops that I adore so much apparently aren't good either. They're just comfy. Anyways I'm fucking rambling. Thanks. 
Ugh why its not clean. I hate this pocket bs on everything. But otherwise its a decent shirt. You can match it with chinos or classy shorts. I prefer white colour. But please no flip flops they would ruin everything. Try classic vans or running shoes or boat shoes.. flip flops only on beach.. 
I got ya. Appreciate it. And what do you mean not clean? I'm slow.
You are welcome. I don't like pocket on chest.. It would be prettier clean. (without the pocket thing) 
The buttons are there incase you want to change the buckle. 
I have a buttoned-belt I found at a thrift store by a boutique leather crafter in Mass.  This is relevant because the buttons only come apart by pulling if I wrap each end around my hands and yank - essentially a shockloading. .$50 is not cheap for a belt, but it also isn't expensive. A really good belt can be boughtat 20 aand assuming your body size stays the same, can last forever. That said, $50 for a belt at Nordstrom is 'cheap' by their book. .This all said, your belt looks pretty classic. 
Where can I find a good belt?
Orion
But...at the cost of being almost nonfunctional?
Oh no doubt it was made poorly. Most belts like that shouldn't be that bad. 
 aka .literally anyone wearing indigo jeans and the blazers
Thank you. 
This the one: .Guys name is Edward H.
That is a really great outfit
seems pretty average to me. what makes it so special to you?
idk
I've always loved the combi of a purple shirt like that with jeans
The look like . to me.
some sort of nikes or new balances maybe, dudes pants are covering them too much to see well
I know >< I tried I did find . though.
Go to r/sneakers. 
Man, there really is a subreddit for everything, isn't there? Thanks!
Haha, It's relatively small.
oh sweetie you dont want those shoes

Try reviewing the the .  If you have any specific questions, look for a simple questions thread, and once you have outfits assembled do fit check and out fit feedback.  .As for brands that are cheap for business casual.  Uniqlo is excellent and a lot of people have luck at JC Penney.  
Thank you! I'll check that out. 
Also a tailor is your best friend. Consider investing money in a sewing machine and learning how to do basic alterations yourself if you'll be getting more than a couple things altered..A $20 dress shirt that's been altered and fits your body will look better than a $100 dress shirt that hasn't!
Tailored clothes make you look like boss. However, this guy is just getting started; getting a damn sewing machine seems a bit much for a beginner. 
Oh absolutely. That's why I said consider. If he's okay with putting the time in though, it'll actually save him money as a beginner..I mean, he can thrift shirts with patterns he likes and then trim them to fit.
Also target provides decent basics with a surprisingly high quality and good fit, at least until you can invest in more "buy it for life" style pieces. 
I agree with all of this. This is my preferred way of doing it. But what the hell kind of beginner buys a sewing machine and making alterations? 
You can get a sewing machine from a thrift shop for like $15. Hell, you can get one off amazon prime, use it for 20 days, see if you like it, and then return it if its not for you (slightly cheating the system but whatever) and it's all free..Sorta evading my point though. All I really suggested was that he start off buying super cheap clothing and taking them to a tailor. The sewing machine part was more of an afterthought.
I'm a pretty DIY kind of guy so I could see myself doing that. I'm feeling inspired to go look up some basics on the subject now. Thanks for the idea!
The guy's suggestions are pretty spot on. I wouldn't wear a polo though, personal preference. 
First blazer fit: light blue button up, dark navy tie, khakis and brown or black shoes could work.
Second blazer fit: white button up, black tie, dark navy or white pants and either black or brown shoes.
Thank you! I definitely wont be wearing a polo. Would black pants work for the second blazer if i wore a black tie? Im just curious why you would say blue. I was also considering a vest..
It would be a dark blue, and yeah black could work. Vests are generally hard to incorporate when your throwing pieces together. If you really want to maybe a charcoal vest? 
Gotcha. For the vest, I was trying to go for a combination like the pic I posted for .. But, perhaps it wont work with my particular blazer(s)
Actually, I looked at your first blazer again. I thought the first time I saw it, it would be too glossy for the inspiration picture. But I think if you want you can probably recreate that look if you'd like. 
would i need to use blue trousers/vest instead of black for that look with the first blazer?
You can use navy if you'd like similar to this . except the colors reversed. Or you can do black, either is fine.
I think I'm going with the first blazer, but I think you were right the first time, and that it does have a bit of a glossy look to it, but just slightly..I am a bit apprehensive to wear khakis with brown belt/shoes, but maybe that is indeed okay..The two options I am considering are:.1) first blazer with dark blue shirt, black pants/shoes/belt and a black? tie.2) first blazer with white shirt, black pants/shoes/belt and a dare blue? tie.Which one of these is less of a faux paus? or should i abandon both of those ideas. I'm just fucking lost at this point. Its an odd blazer to match with anything but I rarely find things in my size. I really appreciate the help
I like the second choice. Try it all on, and post a fit of it. The only thing I may change about it is the dark blue tie, to a black tie. Try the blue one first though.
Depends on how your head is shaped and the vibe you like..Try backwards, forwards down, forwards up (ish). See which one gives you the vibe you like. Don't overthink it.
On your head. In all honesty there isn't much to it and you shouldn't over think it. Comfort is key. If I'm wearing it forward I usually wear it in one of two ways. I either have the brim around the middle of my forehead under my heairline (well, the part of my hair that isn't receding lol) and pointing straight forward or I wear my cap with the brim pointing upwards slightly. .The 2nd option is how the swaggot friends of mine say a cap should be worn, but I prefer option 1. Just go for comfort, though. If it's your first time in a cap you might think it looks horrible, but you're probably paranoid.
I wear snap backs tilted up 
The 5 panel was key in all my beach outfits this past beach week of mine. Always wore it backward with shorts and a tank, and a nice short necklace to top it off..My snapback i always wear forward, slightly up..This is all just because of my head shape, its big, but not wide, so I have to wear my hats certain ways..Its all preference, experiment with it. A year ago I swore I couldnt wear hats at all because I thought I looked weird, I noticed if you force yourself to wear one, you get used to how it looks and it suddenly doesnt look weird anymore.
I wear my 5 panel forwards, sometimes backwards, and my snapback almost exclusively backwards. My snapback is a flatbill similar to that one and I just can't stand the look of it forwards, especially as people usually have it sitting on the top of the head and tilted. But hey, personal preference. Hair style matters, too.

I find streetwear to be the only real good fits for snapbacks and 5 panels... Find inspiration and check out our ., thought it could be updated...
Is the word swaggot a thing? Because I'm struggling between finding it as offensive and misguided as wigger and finding it really, really funny.
only used by teenagers why honestly think shit like "swagfag" is the most clever thing ever.
Well I'm still nineTEEN so I guess it's ok that I find it mildly amusing!
Backwards. 
[These](.) are rather nice. They're hard to get hold of, I got mine in Camden but they look awesome and are really comfortable. .Edit: I accidently the formatting and don't know why.
New balance 574 or 420, Nike blazer low, maybe the red suede adidas sambas if they are not US only.  
You need the http:// at the beginning of the link. 
I'm not an expert but I know office sell a pretty wide range of new balances for about 60 pound.Are two red pairs 
I'm not sure what shipping is, but I just bought some 501, red ballistic New Balances for $50 that look fairly well. If I wanted to upgrade, I would have got a custom 574.
I have these .. That somewhat black part in the back of it in mine is actually red though. Love them. .They do exist in a . if that's your taste.
Hey, I was in your position too. I was new to MFA and caring about my appearance in general, and I wanted red shoes because I had seen some people wearing them and simply thought they looked cool..I bought ., and while they're great shoes, I've had a hard time finding outfits to wear them with since. My advice is to buy a boring, plain pair of white or grey plimsolls, like Vans Authentics or Keds. They aren't flashy, but will work with pretty much anything..Sorry, I know it's not what you're asking for, but I hope this helps.
Wingtips
so pretty much just another pair of dress shoes?
It's appropriate for the office it appears.
Pacsun has a few shorts in similar style. Also j crew has similar colorblock shorts, but are around $60.
Try Bonobos. They have good quality suits that are usually $65 on sale for $28-$38! And they have free shipping and free returns if you don't like it!
Wow they have great styles ! Thank you so much
Have you considered the .?
Timex Weekender.  Easy to find at Target and cost about $30-35.  
I'm going to recommend Citizen eco-drive watches. These watches are powered by light so they'll never run out of juice and are't too expensive. I don't like the watches that are powered by motion because the cheaper ones tend to be inaccurate and I can't justify dropping $1500+ on a quality one. .I personally have this one: .But there are lots of leather strapped ones on their website for you to check out.
I got my akribos xxiv ak539bk and I'm very happy with it. slick, clean, conservative. higly recommend it..I got mine on jackthreads, but here's a link to it on amazon.

Love the watch. The reviews on it are pretty poor, and mention low quality. What are your thoughts? 
what they say about the face being plastic is true. but I don't even consider that a problem..I never considered it cheaply made. And it has a 2 year warranty..I've had it for 2 months and it still works, which is more than I can say for any of my $20 watches that I've owned..disclaimer. I can not compare it to a watch of higher quality. this is the most i've ever paid for a watch and I'm loving it. maybe when i pay more for one I'll hate it. who knows.
look at timex or seiko they're good entry level brands
Don't pay more than $100 for anything electronic.
The Seiko 809 would be a good fit. . it is with a dark brown leather NATO. Can be found for around $60, is automatic with a really cool display back, and a very reasonable 38mm width and looks good with pretty much any strap.
I have this on on usually a leather or green NATO. Solid watch to use as a beater, it's movement is accurate enough and its only $60 so you don't spend all day worrying about scratching your watch.

there's 2 versions of it 
Gap has one
I have honestly an identical looking one I got from H&M a few years ago. It's too small for me now though. 
There's a similar one from J. Crew that's $50 on sale.
The quality on AE is higher. To Boot NY is a fashion brand and has a great deal more overhead for advertising and design than Allen Edmonds does as a manufacturer. The To Boot shoe isn't even welted and the leather quality is much much worse than what Allen Edmonds uses. 
In all fairness, while the hide on To Boot's uppers and build quality isn't on par with AE, they aren't designer trash like Mezlan or Aldo. TheShoeSnob blogger who's an Italian trained cobbler (and sells his own boutique line on Savile Row) personally vouches for their quality and has a few pairs in rotation. Maybe if you're wearing them day-in & day-out To Boot's won't hold up like AE's, but the great part is that they're regularly 30 to 40% off at Nordstrom Rack. Saying that, I wouldn't pay full price for To Boots. Plus you need to be careful because many of their models suffer from bad heavy-handed paint jobs with amateur burnishing.
I don't have much personal experience with AE yet, but I know everyone raves about them and I may get a pair eventually if the price is right.  Honestly, I get that AE is good quality, but there's always been some flair missing from them, and I'd like both quality and flash with the items I get (within reasonable cost)..That said, I've shopped at Century 21 in NYC (where they have both AE and To Boot), and splurged on a pair of To Boot black penny loafers.  I've only worn them to weddings so I can't attest to if they will last forever, but I've always felt smooth in them..I'd vote for you to give To Boot brand a shot.  Personally the style/color of these shoes aren't my flavor.
Strand
What color are the pants? Hard to tell from that photo, they look black. Black for a summer wedding is probably not the best idea. They look like they might be a dark green? If so, great. 
Also, what shoes? And remove your hand from your pocket if you want a fit check on the blazer. The jacket/shirt/tie combo looks fine, as far as the pocket square goes, white looks . A better picture of the colors of the outfit as a whole is necessary to help with the pocket square..All in all, pretty good fit. 
The pants are indeed black but i'm gonna have to bite the bullet and go with them. I don't have any other options..Shoes are black penny loafers. A little too casual for my taste but my only other option would be brown oxfords..The shirt is a very light blue..Thanks for the help!
Huh that shirt looks white next to the phone.
I'd do away with the pocket square, mixing white and black will not help you much here (especially with the black shoes). I'm glad that shirt is blue, that's better than I thought. I wouldn't worry too much about the shoes, penny loafers should fit perfectly. 
For "limited options," this is a good fit. 
Oh man, thanks for posting this yoyo. Anybody who's heard me pontificate on here at all knows that this is my .. It's gonna be tough to pick between the quilted pullover, the down jacket, and the vest. 
. (nsfw pic fyi).Really digging some of the pieces here. Feels like this is the first time that Patagonia has been appealing to me. Love the .. that and the whole collection is kind of reminiscient of the North Face's take with purple label, I think..prices might be pretty reasonable ("$99 for the Summit Pack to $349 for the Post Foamback Cagoule") so I'm getting an urge to pick up a piece, maybe the . or the .. Though I've been having an idea of getting a . for f/w to wear over l/s henleys.
[deleted]
My parents are the outdoorsy type, and they have tons of Patagonia stuff that is decades old and going strong. It's also all made in the USA. Sadly, this is no longer the case, and any piece of Chinese - or otherwise - made Patagonia has not felt the same to me. It's also massively overpriced for the reduction in quality that it's taken, IMO.
This is almost all really cool in my opinion. That first thing, the quilted pullover, I like that. Cool pants too.
You know what people in the south call patagonia pullovers like .? . I shit you not.
I live in Ohio and we still call them Fratagonia's, it's all lovingly..I miss my Fraternity, can't wait to go back in the fall.
From the south. Can confirm this. 
Grey pullover whattup.  I want that.
The vest, that damn vest. I want it
Man, among the things I'm hoping to pick up through the fall is a vest, but this was supposed to be the season where I branch out a little more -- after a quick count, I own at least 9 Patagonia garments.... yet I want this whole collection. Guh.
40 yrs of history but no mention of Synchilla or Capilene which made Patagonia famous in the 70's and 80's.
No real deets yet. That zip up kinda looks like capilene.
 They still make them. I think this collection is more for reissues of old stuff that's been discontinued..That said, the pants, quilted pullover, and vest are dope and I want em bad.
that backpack looks interesting, i might pick one up. whole collection is really neat :)
pants are awesome. the japanese are going to fucking love this
I work at patagonia, and my manager went to the opening of the first store in Japan. He said it was nuts.
I know a lot of Japanese people that are CRAZY for American camping and hunting gear (like Patagonia) but especially camouflage (hunting style, not military style).
this shit is super cool (quilted pullover).was totally not expecting man ass though. glad there wasn't anyone in my office
Southern Fraternity Alumni: can confirm. I will definitely be picking up the pullover ..Will make sure to wear with Brooks Brothers Chinos, pastel OCBD, Duck Boots, Costas/croakies, and a perfectly styled frat-swoop so I meet southern fraternity standards. 
Is the fleece that inspired the collection going to be available? Or am I going to have to find one on eBay ?
Pretty sure it won't be available in the collection. ebay or thrift stores would probably be your best bet...though you're not the only one who had the ebay idea ;)
Damn it. I guess I have too many sweaters already though...
In the linked article, right above the picture of the old and new pullover.
That look book has some random stuff in it. Tacos, Cholula, avocados, a butt-naked man and some awesome pants. Really want the pants and the quilted pullover in grey.
it looks like someone's instagram account #lifestyle
Quilted pullover is so good. 
If the sleeves are long enough itll be an insta-cop for me. 
Pants are so rad. I'll be tempted by the pack too as I'm still kicking myself for not getting a 40th anniversary repro MEC Klettersack.
dat pullover.
Their capilene line is still active though.
God damn do I love Patagonia
Those stand-up pants look really cool. .Any idea when this stuff is being released, and if it's a limited run?
Article says release in sept.
Thanks! Cool article. 
i have loved patagonia for forever, and I realize most isn't mfa's cup of tea, but they have a great corporate mission and produce good garments. plus they have a sweet recycling program as well. 
I use Sweat Block its worked great for my overactive sweaty pits. I also get bright yellow underarm stains and have used RAISE armpit stain remover it completely removes the stains! They say never to use bleach or Oxi Clean on these stains because it will make them permanent.
 wear OCBD?.Unless it's necessary (for work or something specific) then I don't wear clothes that are tight around my armpits. I wear V-necks or polo shirts, which are a lot looser..You can't just . sweat when it's hot out.. 
Maybe this is just me but I used to use anti perspirant and it actually made me sweat more, so now I use regular deodorant and i don't sweat nearly as much.
Here's something that really works. Order this off the Internet: . you put it on one every three days (it might sting at first if you don't take a shower before you put it on), and then you just put your regular deodorant on in the morning. I used to sweat giant stains in my shirts, no matter the time of year, and this stuff fixed it..Edit: I forgot to mention its better to put it on at night and absorb into your skin while you sleep.
Came to say Certain-Dri. I'm sure that it'll give me cancer in like 30 years, but we're all getting cancer anyways, so what the hell. I'm currently sitting here without deodorant (I typically use anti-persistent from Old Spice) and not worrying or sweating. I should note, it has discolored my pits a tiny bit and it did itch a bit when I first started using it. The itching has stopped now (5th use I believe) and I don't mind the tiny discoloration, which will blend in once I get out into the sun and get a tan going..Edit: You can find this stuff at Walmart or almost any pharmacy. It's cheap enough too. Read the directions.
Oxyclean works well on sweat stains
I believe I read somewhere in the side bar that antiperspirants are largely responsible for causing ugly sweat stains (something to do with the chemicals). So perhaps using just a deodorant will help. I recently used Shout to treat the sweat stains on the collars and armpits of a couple of J. Crew shirts I hadn't worn in a while. It worked pretty well, though I'm not sure how much damage a stain remover like Shout can do to the color and material over the long run.
I don't know what kind of vnecks you're wearing but mine are tight as fuck around the torso and I sweat in those too. 
[deleted]
Oxford is a bit heavier than some other shirting cloths. Maybe try some poplin or linen, which is a solution I am considering for my own temperature regulation. Also, an undershirt is another layer but it can take the brunt of your sweat. 
If it's a white OCBD, you can soak it for ~20 minutes in a 20% bleach (80% water) solution. 
I'm an extremely sweaty guy as it is, plus I've been living in Texas/Florida for the last ten years. I understand the situation. Another person mentioned Certain Dri - that stuff can definitely help. Usually, you'll want an undershirt, but make sure it isn't too tight. If it is, it will restrict breathing and you will sweat more. .Also, if you have already developed some permanent sweat stains (those yellow pits) I highly recommend . It has saved some shirts that I never thought would be wearable again. Also, by switching to deodorants that are not antiperspirant, the deodorant won't have the stuff that usually causes the color change (iron?). 
Oh, I sweat, but not enough where I get dark spots on my pits. If it helps, I'm wearing Mossimo.
I like my Adidas flip flops as shower shoes (not the comfort foams ones, the other kind with the bumps)
Not exactly cheap, but . are awesome.  They actually have arch support and traction.  
I haven't worn mine since I owned a boat but I loved my Reef Mick Fanning models.  I hated flip flops until I got those.
"Go out" as in 'go out to a bar/movie/on the town'?
IMO a man should never wear flip flops unless he is on the beach, at the pool, bbq'ing, watering the lawn, or taking out the trash. Or in a public shower like you said.
Flip flops are inappropriate for almost every other public and social situation.
that is exactly what I meant by go out, should have been more specific.
I just got a pair of Oakley flipflops and they are ridiculously comfortable.  I tried on my dad's Oofos which are like medical grade, lol, and the Oakleys are just as good!
Scott Hawaii makes some nice canvas/rubber ones 
Check out Havaianas.
rainbow makes some nice flip flops, not sure if they're waterproof
never actually heard of them before but will check em out. Do they ship to Europe?
I would second .. I've had mine for years and they're the most comfortable sandals I've ever worn.
they are
ah nice thank you
i actually sort of recc that people wear them into the ocean or lake or any body of water really bc that makes them conform to your feet a lil better
I've lifeguarded with them for years and while they can get wet, they're not a lot of fun to wear for a few hours after getting a little moist. With that said, they won't fall apart after getting soaked a couple times. 
i deliberately wore mine into the lake and i think they feel a lot better now. they were giving me some p uncomfortable blisters before but this kind of softened them up.
If he lives in California, the culture is rather different.
Does anyone know where to get anything similar in price and quality to Uniqlo OCBDs? They don't ship outside the US as everyone already knows 
:( I'm sad guys, tell me a joke.
Posted this yesterday but no reply..Girl that rejected me before asked me to go to a restaurant I mention to her after the rejection. I said yes but later canceled because under the joy of her asking me I forgot i made plans with a group of friends. Yesterday her a friend and I went to NY yesterday, and neither of us brought it up. Does she feel bad for me and thats why she asked me to the restaurant? Or she changed her mind? I plan on asking her if shes still up for it. Also the only reason I cancelled on her was because I thought 2 other mutual friends were going to come, but she said it was just going to be us after I cancelled. I didn't want to ditch a group of friends to hang out with another. What should I do? I really like being close to her..I don't want to add much and turn this into a relationship subreddit question. Its just that we are all dudes here, and advice from another man will be helpful. 
Today I gave in and bought some GATs. I didn't like them a few months ago but dammit MFA, you made me love them. .Also, I just got . 00 Windmill Club oxford in. Probably the coolest oxford I own, the quality is incredible and the club collar is a nice touch. 
I want to go paragliding. Ever since I went in florida one year Ive been wanting to go again. anyone here ever do anyhthing like that? .Also, Im excited as fuck for fall. 
Count Chocula is mad delicious. Had my first bowl this morning, kinda mad I never tried it before today.
The Pope walks into a bar. The bartender asks, "What'll it be, Pope?" The Pope doesn't know English, so he mumbles something in Latin. The bartender shrugs. The Pope leaves shortly after. 
It'd be really strange for her to reject you and then ask you to do the same exact thing as just friends. Girls have done stranger things, though. I think the best thing would be to just ask her. Tell her you want to be honest about your intentions.

r/jokes is great. Heres one i like:
What do you call a stupid seal?
An imbeseal
I got a cut on the lower back of my knee from my Rigid Dragon 511s. I wore them two days in a row because of roadtrip to NYC to perform. It's been 2+ week and the thing still hurts like hell. 
How in the world does that happen 

My college trip to the midwest has been pretty cool, Madison is a gorgeous city and Ann Arbor is hella cool. I went to the Context in Madison and the BlackBlue in St. Paul, which were fantastic stores (thank you to whoever recommended them), and the whole damn time my parents did nothing but talk about the price and how nothing was worth the price:."How are these jeans worth 200 bucks?" -talking about APCs."Why would anyone spend 150 dollars on a shirt?" -now about gitman bros..It was annoying as dicks, I just wanted to lock them in the car away from me..Also: Michigan, Madison, and Minnesota are all awesome universities.
University of Michigan can be a riot, especially if you like to party. It is one of the only northern schools I've been to where you don't have to BYOB or pay a fee for a cup. 

Does anyone know what stores (US) sell Levis 513s? I mean an actual store I can walk into and try them on. I can't seem to find them anywhere, and I wont order pants online that I haven't tried.
levis stores as well as UO
Urban Outfitters 
so hyped for new simon pegg + nick frost film
What is everyones college load like? Im going in to my first semester this year and I have 17 credit hours, all seem to be easy classes so im stoked. .Only problem is I will probably need to lay off buying clothes for a while...
I'm taking 23 credits next semester, and I've taken more than 17 in basically all of my past semester... I think I'm going insane with having so much work that I'm not doing... I feel a bit burned out from school, and working at an internship made me realize academia's not for me... that being said, I'm both double majoring at a, relatively, difficult school.
Have any AP credits from high school?
I'm signed up for 18 credits as of right now. Two are redundant classes though, so I'm going to go to the first lecture or two of each and see which I prefer, then drop the other. Might try and pick up something at that point to get back to 18, but I don't know yet.
Looks like . (Reddit, is there a fashion "trend" that just bugs the hell out of you?) isn't as bad as I expected. It's mostly bitching about actual bad fashion trends or styles that aren't the best. I'm used to seeing people bitch about "skinny jeans" when they are really just thinking of anything other than loose bootcut, and cuffed/rolled pants. So far it feels like a lot of the complaints could also fit in in this subreddit.
Two baby seals walk into a club.
phrases you hate .also post pics of pigs because pigs are qt
hipster.this sounds bad but i cant stand people who use the word hipster unironically
Here's the perfect metaphor for my life: I just walked in to a manor house that is apparently empty and completely quiet. I'm wandering through the hallways trying to find a room in which to settle down and focus on my work. But every time I open a door in one of these long, quiet hallways, I only find a party where everyone is shit-faced, and some guy is on stage playing an out of tune version of wagonwheel (the Old Crow Medicine Show version). I have never gone out of my way to hear wagonwheel, but every time I open a door, there it is, right in my face..Also, I tried barefoot running this morning. I've been running my whole life, and it's a new ballgame.
Hey, I like that song. 
Are you an introvert by chance?
Not really, I just feel like I keep hearing that song, and I've never gone out of my way to listen to it. I don't really get the hype around it, either. But every time I'm at a bar, I hear that song, and I look at my friends, and they start laughing because they know how I feel about it..Although now that you mention it, I used to have a recurring dream in which I was locked in a room for 20 years with no windows and no doors, only a TV, and all that was ever on was Courage the Cowardly Dog...yeah, maybe I am an introvert.
Wait, you mean you . walked into a manor? The way you described it sounded literally every room was a different party with a guy playing Wagonwheel.

The first Jewish president is about to be inaugurated.  His mother is standing in the crowd and talks to the person next to her: "You see the man over there, with his hand on the bible? His brother's a lawyer!"
Do non-Christian presidents make their oath over a bible, or would they make a substitution?

Chicago mfaers:.I'll probably be checking out the haberdash sale after work today, let me know if you want me to look for anything. 
My car only does 68 mph because if I do 69 I blow a rod
I bought a 34 slim chino yesterday and they fit great..I used to wear 38 loose jeans, I love MFA and looseit. They've helped me stay motivated through this long journey of weight loss..Ramble over..So who watched big brother last night?
Was pretty cool, I found it pretty funny that they mostly all got the "tiebreaker" question right, Julie was scrambling and it was really obvious. 
So excited to hear about the reactions of Aaryn, GM, and Spencer after they are evicted..Howard is a boss.
GM has been hilarious. I might have to buy the live stream service.
Went to a JCrew store today that didn't say it was a JCrew. Just found it via google maps. Anyways it had an old Liquor store theme. Interesting but it was tiny. I go in looking for some some shoes but they have no prices in them and the three hipster looking (or well dressed) guys there don't even say hi to me. It started getting full aka 3-4 more people walked in so I just left. 
I hate pushy sales people but I also don't like the type that just ignore you. Makes me want to shop online instead. 
Finally got the shoes I've wanted for quite a long time, .. Those bad boys will get a . of use now and during the fall, especially between football tailgates and chapter meetings. .Also, I was planning on going by a thrift store for a flannel for a 90s theme party we're throwing tonight to wear open over a light gray tee, light wash jeans, and white Supergas for a grunge outfit but got called in to work before I got the chance. I have a regular plaid button down to use as backup but I realized it looks less Kurt Cobain and more Cory Matthews when I put it on oh well. 
Glad I could be of service! :)
Should I get a record player? I feel like vinyl records are really cool but I don't wanna regret this in a month or two..I've also been drooling over . It's an awesome tribute to one of my favorite albums but I feel like it would be pointless if I don't have a record player.
pick one up from a thrift shop or garage sale for like $10

I'm basically the same proportions as this dude just a little taller, got the same size and the length looks absolutely perfect
I am driving 6 hours on an hour of sleep fuck going to work tonight .Bought a jcrew Breton stripe tee and a st.james one hope the st.james fits or I'm out 40 bucks.Warped tour in 10 days so excited wearing black levies white tee and black vans sk8s
hey fellas, question about t-shirt lengths.  seems the standard fit here is slightly below the belt line, but that means your t-shirt/polo is going to ride up and show your skivvies when sitting down, bending over, or doing anything other than standing straight up.  .what do you guys do about this?  is this just an expected thing when wearing a t-shirt with that fit?  feels a bit awkward when i'm sitting with my boxer briefs hanging out while trying to dress fashionably.
Picked these up: 
Those are dope. I feel like I wouldn't be able to rock them though. 
very eccentric. i like them a lot
found something at yoox i love but want to wait for a coupon... if the price goes up or it goes out of sale i am going to be very pissed
Just got back from DC from a week long trip. It was probably one of the best vacations I've ever been on. The people there are so friendly and the public transit system is amazing. I wish there were schools I liked there. Georgetown is alright, but from what I understand, it's a religious school. Does anyone know any similar cities?.PS I coughed and sneezed at the same time while I was writing this. What an experience 
Georgetown is hopelessly expensive, but University of Maryland has metro access to the city, and is very close. Free shuttle to the metro station as well. 
wait, we're talking about Washington DC, right?
Yup

to take this off on a tangent, since you're from DC, is living in arlington boring? considering moving there for cheaper rent

I finished my . if anyone cares.
Ideas a for a casual low/mid top casual shoe for fall? Something between NB's and wingtips theoretically to be used in rotation with CDBS..I was thinking gray bucks, but can't find great, cheapish (sub 100) pairs, except 1901's.  
Recommend me things to do in New Orleans - I'm there from July 24th - July 29th and have the days all to myself with little to do. Other than a tour of NOLA Brewing I've got too much free time and no clue where to spend it.
drive through daiquiris. french quarter is worth walking around. muffaletta sandwich. po boy. cafe du monde: get the chicory coffee and some beignets. magazine street. standard touristy shit is fun sometimes.  

I just started myself on a EC stack. Starting slow, taking precautions. I plan to be on this for at least 10 weeks. Trying to cut 18-20%bf to 8-10% and shrink down my centaur-like lower body. .I'm so thirsty and not hungry now.
I think I failed my final, I think I am gonna go thrifting to break the feels.

whats your budget i got my N&F brown duck weird guys on sale for ~70

Does your work comp not have a USB port or something?
What's running a photo shoot like?  It sounds like fun.


I know I'm hella late to this, but I just got my Killshots! GF gave em to me as an early bday present, and I'm stoked! Had to tell people who would care. 
dude thats great!
hey fam thats awesome
J Crew or regular? Either way, Killshots rule. Mine are so comfy. 
J crew. I'm pumped! Now I just have to coordinate an outfit around them to show them off!
So my fam and I are on a trip to India and then the emmigration office wont give us our visa to go back to the US. What really sucks about this is that there are no toilets here where youcan sit on them. Its getting annoying
This is an entirely new concept to me. Standing-poop toilets? 
To be more precise, squatting-poop toilets. I don't know necessarily about India specifically, but you see . all over Asia. In some sense they make more sense than western toilets because it encourages the natural position humans are supposed to have for bowel movements, but I for one am too used to actually sitting on something.
Nah they probably have squat toliets. It's basically just a hole in the ground that you squat over and do ya business in. I'm not a fan of them 
So is it actually too wide to sit on, or is sitting on them just .? Like it kinda looks to me like you could definitely sit on the front or side with your ass hanging over. You might get some weird looks from the locals, but they're the weird ones for hoverpooping, right?
... you would be the weird one for . hoverpooping. Not to mention, people also pee into these things standing up. I don't know about you, but I wouldn't want any part of me touching any of that apparatus in a public toilet.

Not standing poop or the squatting poop thing u/arcsofajar mentioned. Its like the squat toilet but it doesnt have a flush. In fact we don't have running water, we have a well in our village. I digress. The toilets are kinda like the squatting ones except when your done you have to wash you poop down using water you have in a bucket nearby. Let me see if i can get a pic of one
 thread on Hacker News discussion about the "How Clothes Should Fit" guide pisses me off so much. I know I should just realize hat some people don't want to dress well, but still...it makes so mad.
Feel sorry for the one dude trying to convince everyone that wearing nice clothes can make a good impression, while everyone else is screaming conformist at him and saying they want freedom from bosses, and they don't want to look like them. Well maybe if they weren't so obsessed with non-conformity, thry'd get on with their bosses better and they wouldn't need that 'freedom'.
Just read through some of the comments and I found it ironic..These hackers associate themselves throughout as having a higher intellect then others. They continue to make snide comments about those who dress nicely/wear suits and ties as those being pretentious or lacking skills and making up for it in other areas. They look down on those who dress well because it is "conforming"! .This has to be the most pretentious thing I have ever read and with such vehement comments I can infer that these people lack social skills. .I hope these people value their unprofessional work environments because if this is how they interact with the real world they won't be seeing any kind of career advancements.
I'm aspiring to become a a software developer; hopefully, my conformism doesn't ruin my chances of getting a good job later on.
its EVO2013 time!, anyone else watching? I'm doubtful
awe yea man. at work right now but I'll definitely tune in for some smash 
I am
At a wedding but ill be watching all the finals! That DK match in melee yesterday was awesome!
[deleted]
did you flip that pic? because that jacket looks like a women's one
jacket looks def womens.
What kind of TV? I can't decide if I want to wait and save a little longer for a 60-70 inch, or just spring for a 52 inch now.... 
81 inches or bust...
[deleted]
yeah but zips on the wrong side mate and is super cropped
also boob room
[deleted]
womens jackets . fit differently than mens jackets though...
As a woman, I can confirm this and can I also say you look quite dashing in .It's hard to tell when lying flat, but all these tiny things with slightly extra room in the bust (you can see the leather kind of poke out to make extra room for boobs), a bit of a tuck at the waist and flare around the hips (it'll be weird, trust me, you'll go "why is there all this airspace?!"). The cut of the arms will likely be different too.
does anyone here watch survivor.I have no one to discuss survivor w/ but I just watched an entire season in like a day and I don't regret that at all
I used to be a huge fan - watched every episode of every season up until about 3 years ago when I went to college, just didnt have the time anymore. I might get back into it though, as I will be crazy busy and having a scheduled event each week to force me to relax would be nice. 
rewatch the first season, i'm an og survivor fan
i've watched Heroes vs Villains and Micronesia.think I'll watch Pearl Islands next
Pearl Islands is great, I'd also definitely recommend Australia and Africa.
looking forward to those as well as China
 .One of my favourite shows, I'm currently re-watching from the first season. Up to the first all stars season, S8, at the moment. 
bout to watch season 7!


Last GD I posted about getting back to tennis and playing in tournaments.  Played a match that night and sprained my ankle pretty bad.  I've been on crutches since then.  Not a good start.
How long will you be in crutches? Don't let this put you down.

i know the feeling, i broke my wrist a year ago and haven't played tennis since.  i'd try soon but its so damn hot
My Mom made lasagna but it had sweetcorn in it then I lost a follower on tumblr, my life is falling apart... 
Your regularly scheduled reminder that today, Torontonians are gathering at Guu Sakabar (Bloor/Bathurst) at 7:30 PM to look good and eat better! Here's the . if you're coming! And as always, PM me for my number if you need it. :) I'll update yesterday's reminder post with drinking establishment details if you wish to come later, but I highly suggest grabbing my number instead.
Whenever I read Junya Watanabe, I read the Junya part as Sean Connery calling Harrison Ford, "Junior", in The Last Crusade. 
As now, will I. 
I just got a pair of Sennheise Momentums, and they do everything that I want a pair of casual listening headphones to do.  The mids exist, the bass is present (though a bit muddy) the highs are clear... and they look sexy.
My FWB dumped me last night, just when I was starting to get attached, for some guy she thinks she has "more of a future with". I guess that's the price you pay for keeping things casual, but there is sure a difference between knowing what the price of something is, and actually paying it.
had a date at the ace hotel, but she was late, so i wandered into opening ceremony and ended up getting a pair of really nice lightweight olive chinos on sale... I like them a lot. They fit like 511's
how was the date?

I leave for Japan on Sunday and I'm so damn excited .I've also started to cook lately and I'm really pumped about it, anyone have some recipes (preferably simple) that i should try? 
How long are you going to Japan for? That is on my list of places I need to go.
8 days

Learn how to property cook meat, and you live like a god..Tip: take the meat off the heat a bit before it's done, do not cut it, and let it set for a few minutes. It will continue to cook and come out juicy as shit.
thats what I've been doing, i made chicken and steak for the first time yesterday, chicken came out really well but the steak not too great unfortunately. Thats a good tip tho ill try it! 
don't do it with whole chickens. the cavity dispenses air..Start cooking you way through .. It's like alton brown but more culinary and less sciencey.
Wicked! I just used a small bonus from work to pick mine up.  The color scheme is just so damn awesome.
Kyoto is my favorite city in the world. It's surreal walking a block and going from a modern city to an ancient temple surrounded by beautiful foliage.
I'm just going to Tokyo this time, but hopefully ill be going back! 
My go-to is chicken thighs, rice, and broccoli.  .Chicken - put whatever rub/spices you want on it(i do salt, pepper, cumin, paprika).  Bake for 30 min @375. .Broccoli - salt, pepper, olive oil, garlic.  Also bake for 30 min @ 375..Rice - read the bag and make it on the stove.  Salt, pepper, cumin, paprika.  .It's super easy, fairly fast, and fairly healthy, I make a bunch of servings and bring it to lunch all week. You can also do the same thing with fish, rice, and asparagus cooked roughly the same way..Agree with WaywardWes below - focus on cooking things for the precisely correct amount of time, that'll get you a long way
I'm gonna try that today! Have some chicken marinating from last night and just got some fresh veggies so this sounds awesome! Thanks man 
Macys
moules marinierie.get white wine, thyme sprigs, and a bay leaf and bring to simmer. put mussels in, cover, and let them cook until they open. discard any ones that are still closed (they means they are bad). put in some butter and let the butter melt into the sauce. top off with minced parsley and season to taste with salt and pepper. serve with a French crouton.also goes good with tossed linguini if you want to serve it as a main course.edit: I cometely forgot a major ingredient too haha. shallots, you can chop these up and simmer them too
I don't have any specific recipes, but learning how to make a decent stir fry can be a lot of fun, and it's generally pretty easy to do once you get things figured out. Also, a great place to start is Gordon Ramsay's recipe for . (although I'm sure everyone on Reddit has seen this posted a thousand times). A lot of his advice can be applied to other recipes. Also, . is a fantastic place to find new recipes. 
tastespotting is exactly the type of thing i was looking for thank u 
Have you had booberry? My personal favorite. Bonus points for mixing chocula, boo, and frankenberry together in one bowl.

So stressful, especially with the floor covered in water from the hose and brown with hopefully people's muddy/dusty shoes.
How do you get a full season? Pirate bay?

I would've suggested watching other seasons before those so you could better know the personalities, but I bet they were still enjoyable.
I love how in the early seasons they really didn't feed them all that much, and the contestants had to actually "survive" rather than live in shelter built with tools "provided by Home Depot/ Lowes/ whatever tool company wanted to sponsor it"... OG survivor was the best. 


mmm or og? and dang that oxford is cool. a waywt is coming up i assume?

when I was small my mom refused to buy chocolate cereal.

I havent watched it since vanuatu

I'm at 18 right now but I'll be dropping advertising ( was taking for fun but managed to get into a . class). 
Had 12, then 13 credits. Upcoming third semester is 9 credits. Culinary school after knocking out gen ed in high school. Feels good man. 
 thread in GD got on my nerves the other day. cheshster makes some valid points, but everyone else in the thread is pulling something out of their ass based on some preconceived notion they had of .. Hey that sounds familiar...oh yeah! That's exactly what we complain about with .! Get over yourselves MFA, god. I don't even like . that much, but that doesn't mean I'm gonna go spouting false things about them.
Lol it's a toxic community that definitey promotes most of that stuff, dude.  If you can't see that, I'm sorry, but going on a "guys it's not true" tirade isn't gonna help 

I've lived on Cape Cod my whole life and never owned or really plan on owning boat shoes. 
I went to a big Magic: the Gathering tournament and it was dirty old boat shoes every where. I don't know how to feel about that. 

what % were wearing white socks above the ankle?
Cool kids wear black socks above the ankle
In Vegas it was so bad... there were players there from obviously very cold climates wearing boat shoes, socks, below the knee loose shorts, and a loose short sleeve button-down.  Obviously me and my friend who were dressed (somewhat) well looked very out of place.
looks like . is gonna have to get a boob job
Pumping gas when I see a downtrodden man looking for cans in the garbage. He had the coolest white tank top with an awesome curved hem, and the length was amazing..I've gone around the circle..
so you started MFA being a downtrodden man?.Speaking of going in a circle, I saw some dudes yesterday in form fitting Under Armour on top and baggy cargo shorts at the bottom, while wearing Nike Frees, and thought they looked really cool. I have literally just told myself what I wore before MFA was cool.

DERELICTE
It's fucking Friday. Yuuuuuusssss. 
totally F5ed for this, but .superconductors are awesome and so are mobius strips and so is science.

I always liked the one with the train and they turn the track upside down and the train keeps rolling.
So, I've been going here for a while. At first I just lurked, soaking everything in. Then I started applying this stuff to my own wardrobe. And now I feel like I know enough to start giving advice/opinions sometimes, but I feel like a hypocrite doing so since I don't post fits in WAYWT..The problem is, even though I know all this stuff, I haven't been at it long enough to have anything interesting to post myself :/ I usually wear a plaid button up or t-shirt and jeans. That's...pretty much it. Shorts sometimes if it's hot. My only shoes are a pair of vans and a pair of sperrys because I haven't been able to buy anymore. So honestly I don't think I'd be able to contribute any interesting fits, but I wanna contribute so baaad..Edit: Maybe I'll just do an inspiration albium or something. Anybody interested in one featuring rock musicians from the 60s/70s/MAYBE 80s and 90s? I think I could find some interesting shit
I have never posted a fit pic, and somehow I still got made a CC (i'm still not sure it wasn't by mistake).I do take fit pics of myself though, so I may post one some day.
I have tried to take some, but I can't ever get it right...I'm really tall so it's almost impossible to get a decent angle.

post the inspo album.  i'd like to see it.
There are a lot of people here who give good advice and don't post fits.
I post fits so that people know to ignore everything I say about fashion
You can do a lot with a little. Just do it 
Eh. I think I'll wait until I have some better stuff.
Careful, . will get you.
Final reminder, we'll be hosting a Chicago meetup tomorrow beginning at 11. We'll meet up at the Daley Center and head up the Magnificent Mile to Oak St. Plus, . so we'll probably hit that. .. You can PM me for my cell number, however I'll be traveling today so I might not get right back to you.
If the meetup is successful, you guys should plan one in August. I would love to go, unfortunately I already have plans.
Hopefully you guys do another one this summer that I can make, unfortunately have plans tomorrow 
damn, mad jealous that I'm not up there anymore. have fun y'all. 
Are you meeting inside or at that square/plaza thing?

I went and saw a ., it was pretty cool. Got to see one crash (the appeal of cycling is like NASCAR, right?) and the chase cars were Ferraris. Oh and had Korean and an ice cream sandwich, so that's good..I want to make a pleated pants inspo album, so if anybody has some good stuff, send it my way.
TTO from styleforum has some great stuff re: pleated pants; I saved some of them cause I was thinking of doing an inspo album awhile back
Cool, thanks.
Giro di Burnaby?
Yep.
Havent found any great pleats inspo pics recently but i've been lusting over . chinos for a few weeks now.
assuming they're just gios with a pleat they'd be really, really nice.
crits are basically hipster nascar
lol :( I used to do a bunch of crits every year.  I'm def going to start calling it hipster nascar.
Totaled my stepfathers car last friday, I've been in psych ward from then to yesterday. Now I'm back, feels good man. 
if you need anyone to talk to, shoot me a pm
Same here, minus the ward. I hope that everything'll be all right with your family.
Hope you're doing alright man. 
you should stop hanging out with her. im not even saying that because of bullshit alpha male shit, its just clear you're overthinking it and overworked. thats not a good relationship to have, friend, family, or otherwise.
You're right. She will be leaving to a state 7 hours away anyways for college. I do think I'm over thinking it, it just seemed like there was a chance there. I can't stop hanging out with here because shes part of a group of friends I hang out with, and also the same church. .Lets just say she does want to start something. What should I do? I don't think much shes moving away, and I'll only get to see her a few times a year till summer break. Also some people said she said no at first because she had a lot going on (her and her mom had no house, no car, she was working out college stuff).She never said those were the reasons, (her reason was just friends) but thats what others said. 
take this with a grain of salt because i havent been a teenager in a long time...but i feel that as an adult the best thing you can do is be honest and straightforward. playing games, wondering about "what ifs", just makes things needlessly complicated. you like her. if she likes you, cool. if not, cool. circumstances matter sure but jesus get past one hurdle first. 

I got "dry-denim pants" in Animal Crossing today.  Got way too excited. Also the shoe store opened. New black loafers Aww yiss. I'm more excited to get clothes for my villager than when I get clothes myself.   Even made a varsity and a memo chambray.. Do I have a problem? 
is it worth getting a 3DS for animal crossing (and Pokemon / smash but those aren't out yet)?
I'd say it's worth it if you're a huge Animal Crossing fan or if you're big into JRPGs.

Go goth ninja 
What animal crossing game? I havent played since the gc one, is it for wii or 3ds?
Animal Crossing New Leaf on the 3ds.

currently rocking 3 outfits, full bear costume, genie outfit, and a bizcas look. I got the game day one so if you need the haircut place (or fruit ect) feel free to message me.
And here I am thinking I was the only one... 
Dude I have a Henley pattern that I can share with you if you'd like. I also just got Kicks and got a pair of black tassel loafers :)
if you need anything id be happy to share, bamboo, shampoodles or silver tools ect. 
whoa. thanks dude, I'll let you know if I do :)
Yeah man that'd be cool.  Is the only way to just trade friend codes?  Or can you dream suite in and visit my clothes shop?
Did you get the sewing machine in the Able Sisters' shop yet? I have QR codes that I can link you later that you can scan via the sewing machine and "download" it.

I can kind of see why he goes away from time to time now...
haha you're telling me he's not the savior of mfa?
this is the sort of thing that terrifies me about mfa.its like casey threads on /fa/ except its not funny even in a sad way
Yup.
because its creepy as fuck around here sometimes? yeah I would leave too
him and ....
Ive had a very busy leatherworking week. I put in some orders for some black chromexcel (for ., ., and .), burgundy chromexcel, and Horween Black Panther leather. I ordered a bunch of new hardware for lanyards and .. Its been incredibly rewarding to go back and look at some of the first pictures of wallets I made compared to ones I made now and see how much I have improved..This is . why I picked up this hobby in the first place. I actually get to see some tangible results after putting in a lot of work..I made myself a .. It has a pretty slim profile for the amount of stuff you can hold in it. .I also made . for . (you can see it in the image links above)..I also got around to making some new . and just a . that I picked up..As always - you can get $5 off anything at . with coupon code REDDIT5. .Ive recently had some urges to just go to a cabin in the middle of the woods and hang out and enjoy nature without any electricity (Bon Iver style). I want to wake up whenever, make a fire, read some books, and do some hiking. That sounds real nice..I absolutely cannot wait for fall. It is easily my favorite season of the year. I love being able to layer and enjoy bonfires and nice cool walks at night with my wife. What is everyone elses favorite season?
holy shit dude those look awesome. i'm actually in need of a wallet so i may pick one up. nice work.
Thanks! If you have any questions about them or my process, just let me know. If there is something you want but you would want something slightly changed (different leather, rounded corners, etc.), just let me know and I am happy to do custom work.
Bonus points for the Tandy card in the photo.  The flesh side of your brown leather is unbelievable, I've never seen anything that looks so nice.
do you do belts?
Not at the moment. Send a message to .. He ..
Dude, today is giong to suck, what like 85 and 65% humidity, gross. But yes Fall here is amazing! Also thinking about picking up a lanyard from ya, local drop off or should I still do the etsy shop?
Yeah, it'll be gross but I will take it over rainy and cloudy any day. Our offices actually moved out of downtown so I'm no longer around that area. Etsy shop would probably be easiest unless you live around the southern suburbs in which we could meet up.
Nice, I am south side as well. Just figured to get rid of shipping but it is only 3 dollar, so really whatever is easiest for you
YOU FORGOT TO TAG ME. Anyways what's the update on black CXL leather?
Oops! The cowhide black chromexcel was currently out of stock so I ordered a smaller amount of horsehide black chromexcel which will actually be better. Should arrive in the next week!

You should make NATO watch straps. I would buy the hell out of one.
I actually made a basic strap for my Timex. Would you want something a little more intricate than a basic slip-through leather band?

It is the best. If I ever get some real settling-down money I want to get a boat-only access cabin up the inlet near Vancouver and go up every now and then for a week to read and drink coffee.
It is seriously my ultimate desire and would be an ideal vacation for me. Luckily northern Minnesota can offer that pretty easily. .Something about being out alone in nature (with my wife) and just hanging out without the stress of technology or the sound of the "busy life" is so appealing to me.
This is like my dream and I'll just have a golden retriever and a huge beard and read Cormac Mccarthy and chop firewood and have a wife that knits or something and then every night i play in like a fleet foxes type band and then I go home and drink some whiskey 
My good friend's family had until recently a cabin on one of the Gulf islands that was awesome. It had electricity, but only for the fridge and some lighting. It also had . lamps and a gas range, but heating was strictly wood-fire only - as well as the oven! So baking a pizza was a challenge. Right on the water, beautiful construction. Loved going there.
I'm not gonna act like I know much about women's fashion, but I think there should be a congressional ban on wearing . and . especially when worn together..Posting a picstitch of them separately on instagram = life in prison in my books.
I'm not an expert on women's fashion either, but the fucking necklace you linked is the bane of my existence. J. Crew, yeah? Suddenly every blogger in the world even the ones who I admired immensely for the tasteful adherence to personal style and not short-lived awkward ill-suited trends owned one and my RSS feeds were congested with unsightly fits for days..So yeah, I agree. Fuck that necklace.
I still hate that zara skirt thing more
Some girl posted a fit on sufu with it and got tons of plusrep 
I was on lookbook for some reason (I guess I hate myself? I dunno) and literally every 2 or 3 girls was wearing that same stupid thing. the other ones were of course wearing galaxy print leggings. .I wouldn't hate it nearly so much if it weren't so inexplicably popular
Sample pics?
Search instagram for jcrew and michaelkorswatch. .It's that easy. 
Ah haha you're right. Any idea why that watch is a 'thing'? What's so special about it that it has its own hashtag?
I dunno man, I think it probably has something to do with ~fashionsita~ blogs or something.

ugh
At least 60% of the girls I know have that Kors watch in tortoiseshell. I don't get it.



Women's watches are so bad. .It's always been really hard for me to find one I liked because so many options are gaudy like that. I've borrowed my boyfriend's Weekender a few times and I need to get one for myself. 
Real OGs such as my mom know kors watches are wack.
BUT JCREW TOLD ME THAT IT WOULD ADD A POP TO ANY OUTFIT!
I don't understand the women's clothes at jcrew at all. Completely opposite to the understated and classic mens clothes. Why are there Payless looking shiny gold and silver sandals there?
It comes down to women really really really liking shiny things. /s.We've had a few discussions in FFA before, and a lot of it comes down to women's fashion cycling faster. Women have been conditioned to expect something new every season, and to many women a closet of understated and classic essentials sounds so... "boring." So Jcrew has to send out trend reports every couple of weeks to keep the womenswear business booming, which often includes some questionable items.
Bitch, I love j.Crew..Actually, . and I were just in a j.Crew yesterday (rubbing our faces on the woolen socks and ebbets hats obviously) and we were talking about how the women's side of j.Crew isn't quite as on point on the men's, but a lot of it has to do with the types of patrons they get? .The j.Crew menswear section's clientele skews younger while the women's section is largely made of older women in their 40s (even though, for instance, I see a lot of college girls wear j.Crew) as evidenced by the . They're kind of where the money is at. .I mean, we walked into the store, but the associates mostly ignored us (and I was wearing breton stripes too) and gravitated towards the older women in bright colors..On the other hand, the menswear section is mostly populated by people like MFAers, younger men who are interested in dressing well since their older counterparts probably head more towards Brooks Brothers, etc. 
I think the main reason is because there has to be some stratification between J.Crew and Madewell on the women's side, and that's a non-issue on the men's side. Thus, Madewell is where it's at unless you're trying to look like a 'classy girl' or you start pushing 30, and then it's J.Crew all the way. 
That's a very good point, and I can much more easily see a woman older than most of MFA wearing a lot of the women's jcrew clothes than the cool young model from the jcrew ad. Thanks for sharing.
Possibly evidenced by the four madewell boxes I have shoved in the back of my closet?
Haha. Meaning you never wear the stuff or you love it?
The latter. As in I've made four madewell orders in the same number of weeks. 
Pacific Rim did what it said on the tin. A+++.
So you would recommend seeing it?
I've been trying to convince anyone to see it with me but no one is interested. It should be the easiest movie to convince someone it's awesome but they don't care. I'll probably have to see it alone
where2cop new friends
Qlo ofc
As soon as I found out Guillermo del Toro took on roles as director, producer, and writer of Pacific Rim, my interest was piqued because the last time that happened was for Pan's Labyrinth. I'll definitely check it out now that you brought it up, though.
Mama by him was pretty decent as well.
It's definitely a different beast than Pan's Labyrinth or even Hellboy, but it does what it sets out to do incredibly well.

I want to see that one bad. Are you into anime at all? Wondering if it was the live action Eva it looked like in the trailers. 
Not as Eva-ish as I expected from the trailers, very much more in a classic kaiju mold. But if there were a live-action Eva, we could only hope that it . this good.
I'll go with you, but it's not officially a date. 
After describing it to one of my friends he said "Sounds gayer than terminator" 

The fight with Gipsy in hong kong was fucking awesome. The whole movie had damn good choreography
I love how everything moved slow enough that you could see what was going on! One thing that I think enhanced the action a lot is that even for pure CG shots, they always put the camera where it would be if they were able to shoot it actually happening.
When I saw the trailer for this in theaters I thought it was going to be a Power Rangers movie.
So good. I saw the midnight premier with three other people in the entire theater. The action was better than I was expecting with all the previews being pretty dark and hard to see.
I think our 10 PM (midnight eastern I guess... ?) was about 2/5 full. Doesn't bode well for the movie :(

If you like the idea of giant robots fighting monsters, yes
Sold.

Why yes, yes I do. It wasn't overly cheesy/hokey?

For me the best movie of the year so far has been fast&furious 6. Yes I did just say that. .Purely because I went in expecting it to be stupid and hilarious, but it turned out to be even more stupid and more hilarious than even my wildest hopes and dreams. 9.75/10 Best New Movie
They don't seem like something I'd be interested in but I keep hearing that they are genuinely good.
I don't give a fuck about cars at all, but man they're fun. You could jump right into Fast Five where they really shifted design and understand it just fine. 
They shifted in 5 to a whole Ocean's Eleven style and did it amazingly well. It brings back characters from all the other movies to make you feel even more "in" if you've watched the other 4, but it's a great standalone movie. I have yet to watch 6. Is it as good as 5?
6 was great. You just really gotta shut off your brain and watch it. It goes above and beyond with the bullshit but its a good watch. 
Just saw it yesterday. Thought it was great haha. Some of the scenes went above and beyond with the crazy and unrealistic-ness. Shit was awesome though hahaha. 
It's just an over the top action movie, but the driving scenes are fun to watch and they do a decent job of coming up with new twists on their "heist and car chase" formula.
I'll take FF6 over the new Star Trek movie or a Michael Bay movie any day..FF6 understands what kind of movie it is and doesn't try to abuse you now that they have your money.  They're just going to entertain you with the ridiculous.  I honestly had no idea that movie was going to be that solid going into it.
Uh...I mean, 6 uses the same formula and it's not as 'fresh' as 5, nor do I think everything is put together as smoothly, but for the enjoyment factor yeah. I liked it just as much. 
Word, thanks.

the first one was cool because of novelty and newness i guess, but ever since that they are just c grade action movies. i stopped after the third one. if you like watching action films with lots of explosions and ridiculous car stunts, check em out
I made the mistake of taking a break from watching The Wire to watch fast & furious 6. Going from realistic police work to whatever crap F&F was trying to do on screen was absurd.
I still have to finish the last season of The Wire. My wife and I watched Season's 1-4 fairly quickly in succession, but then she didn't care for season 5 due to some of the character development so she gave up on it, and I haven't finished the second half of the season on my own yet :(
So in another GD I asked for tips on improving my squats, and apparently everybody on MFA is a professional squatter and I got about 70,000 tips..Went to the gym, corrected my form with the tips I was given, and immediately added about 25 pounds to my squat..So thanks everyone!
Mind redirecting me to those tips dude?
link?

Funny how that works, errbody on MFA posting fits usually skinny as phuck, but we all Mr.Olympia when the time comes. 
Having no clue will not stop them from giving out advice!    I don't get the squat hype.  Even Mr Olympia contestants are less squat-centric than reddit.  

It's exactly hype mentality. . is a fucking circlejerk for SS (which as a program is overrated) so they all push squatting as the end-all-be-all of exercise. Yet they look like they've never touched a barbell in their lives. 
yeah but see it doesn't work the other way around though, like, I went over to /fit/ to get recs on some dope new sneakers and they were all just like 
You'd have a better chance of getting sneakers recs on /fit/ than on /fa/ though.
That's not true, /fa/ would tell him plenty of times to get Geobaskets.  
they'll just post pics of basedprophet if he tries to help you and the thread will spiral out of control
I think he meant sneakers as in running shoes
/fa/ will only recommend dick ovens
then laugh at you when you buy dream boxes
well the threads are split halfway between people laughing at dreamboxes and people claiming you can't tell the difference. 
"i have $500 to spend on sneakers, what do i get /fa/"."one geobasket sneaker"


i guess a lot of people enjoy the blue ocbd green pants white shoes look
Guilty.
I think some folks planned on doing that scheme to troll . into thinking it was the new MFA uniform.
you realise i'm the second person who wore it last friday
I just thought it was a fun fit to play with.
So you're saying it really is the new MFA uniform...?
Ive read this before in here and I must have missed what happened. Any context?
This is quickly getting out of hand. We should upvote today's WAYWT to .. They'll love it.
There's about 5-6 in today's waywt. It's interesting that some people still look much better than others - that you can arbitrarily say 'this is . what you can wear' and some people will nail it and some will somehow fuck it up anyway.
Fit is king.
well there are obviously some sneakers that work better with the fit than others (cough cough stan smiths), and imo the fit looks best with looser pants pinrolled

i couldn't have done it without you guys
I've been coming up with awkward icebreaker questions to ask strangers. "If you had the opportunity to kill a homelessman and receive a block of cheese for payment, what type of cheese would inspire you to murder?" got an indignant "What the fuck is wrong with you?" from someone. Another person said they'd kill a homeless man for string cheese. That shit is a dime a stick. Come on. ."Have you ever eaten something so good it made you angry?" isn't as polarizing. I once ate a huckleberry doughnut so crispy and delicious that I got pissed off. I had left the shop and wanted another, and I know doughnuts aren't exactly health food, but it was . 

Ossau iraty.
A brick of goat cheese. Only that can sooth my murderous appetite
.
I'd kill a hobo for some Brie  
burratta.but I'd rather just buy some?
yes that shit is so good
I've actually found a couple places that have it locally but have yet to find a restaurant here that serves it fresh, which is just the best.
smoked gouda.my new hype
Seriously. I bought some yesterday to eat on the way home and it's savory, rich and creamy. Overpowering for the prosciutto I tried to pair with it. Smoked gouda is so bold that it . its own sandwich to reign it in. 
honestly it seems like an adult american cheese. it has meltability, creaminess, bold flavor, slightly salty. i keep meaning to make a grilled cheese with it, but i have made cheesy eggs (scramble eggs, add 1-3 slices smoked gouda and stir until melty fatty proteinous mass) and my goodness is it amazing
Smoked Gouda, black forest ham, and pesto on some ciabatta and you have the ultimate sandwich. Throw on roasted red pepper if you're really feeling saucy
dude totally mine too, I jsut finished building a pizza oven at my house last week. love putting that on my pizza's now, takes them to another level.
try some aged gouda too. My favorite is beemster xo
im going home and there will be a whole foods. hopefully i can find it!
Step one: Make bacon.Step two: Fry an egg .Step three: Toast a bagel of your choice (everything for me).Step four: While bagel is toasting, put gouda on top of fried egg.Step five: Combine all into delicious breakfast sandwich..McDonalds can eat my shorts.

dude. i went to a very small place where they make gouda in the Netherlands last year and they let us taste some smoked gouda. it was so so good
That is full on aspie behavior. But brie. 
I like "If you could pick any stat about somebody to see above them at all times, what would you pick?".They almost always go sexual, then you remind them that this is a power you can't turn off, so you see it for EVERYONE. Always proven somewhat thought-provoking
I would like to be able to see a person's level of passive aggressiveness.
i would like to see what other people's chosen stat to view other people would be
Wouldn't you have to avoid mirrors for the rest of your life, lest you get caught in some kind of recursive UI overload nightmare?
so i get to kill a homeless person . i get cheese?.sounds like a win win
my girlfriend is currently in Cairo en route to the US five weeks early. she got kicked out by her family for good. it's going to be great to see her again because not four days ago I thought I might lose her forever but the next five weeks are going to be some of the most crucially important weeks of her life.
I feel like there's a story here. 
damn. was she living in cairo? or was it a trip or something? either way, that fucking sucks man. wishing you both good luck to get through it.
that's a rough go man, seen other people had to play out similar (at least from what i remember you posting) situations before, best of luck.
Best of luck to both of you
very best of luck to both of you, i hope things go well!
wtf. she got kicked out by her family while she was in egypt? 
Ah. Shit is going down. That sounds incredibly stressful for her and you but I hope things work out and whatever she's dealing with isn't too logistically or emotionally frustrating..AND THEN YOU'RE GOING TO HUG THE FUCK OUT OF HER WHEN YOU SEE HER RIGHT
like you wouldn't believe. I'm not letting go.
daww
That's so damn cute it makes me want to cry.
Awwwwwwwwwwuuuuuuu. ()*:
I'm gonna need some back story on this for sure. 
ill post what I know when I get back to a computer. give me 45 minutes/an hour.
43 mins gone by.. waiting with anticipation
pls deliver, op.

Got really excited about copping some sweet stuff from the norse store sale.turns out I bought .Let this be a lesson to all.
How much longer is this sale going on?
That happened to me once. Turns out there was a final "Submit Order" button that I missed because it was grey and in a weird spot.
Something tells me your email is going to be read aloud in the office haha... I give you credit for being honest though.
Props to you for not making a promise you know you won't keep.


I don't know why, but I laughed so loud reading that at work. 
personally i think the look is better with brown leather boots..brown leather boots=dirt.green pants=vegetation.blue shirt=sky.its nature man
Couldn't white sneakers be clouds tho
nah, think of it this way-- from the ground up. .you could do a white or grey hat.
what if it's snowing
brown boots.white OTC socks.high cuff green pants.cross sections ftw
Dandruff
I needed a couple more hits before reading this comment
Hold on let me put on some Ziggy.
Don't worry.....I'm all over it.
I was just browsing WAYWT while babysitting my 7 year old cousin and he asked me if I was looking for a boyfriend... ._.
blah blah #ccinvag blah verjin blah
I feel like I've missed a lot on IRC since I've last been on.
Lel
Let's all supplant OkCupid with MFA and FFA. Seems to be working well.
I hear n1c is building a plugin to integrate OKC profiles into d.so!

"Mail order husbands," or "Male order husbands?"
and?
The FFA girls are so pretty and cool but I don't want MFA to turn into "those creepy guys who hit on us". Or more specifically, I don't want to be "that creepy guy from MFA".
Oh please they love it trust me.dat cc tag like unf
bb wanna c me distinguish this comment? :D
I think it's more of a reference to how there are now like, six high profile MFA/FFAer couples..Edit: I stand corrected, it's seven. 
damn, i had no idea there were that many
Some of them are on the DL right now, so I don't blame you. 
six, for real?? Lay that juicy gossip on me!
Yeah, I thought it was just Inherently and Lostie, now I feel left behind! Uh, wanna get married Yoyo?
lol, I've already got plans dude. I'll let you know if it doesn't bother you that you're 2nd choice hahaha
Ryce is gonna be disappointed haha. 
It can be a polygamous marriage, the more the merrier! 
Well, it's something! haha
i shipped jbdee and kale_no.  fic is almost done <3
there's a google doc floating around somewhere i think haha
Don't leave me having, hunt it down inherently! haha
The fan fiction team is working over time. 
Yeah, I feel you. I'm mostly jokingwe've had our share of creepy/awkward commentary in the past and I will BAN YOUR ASS but honestly, most MFAers are very cool and respectful and fun to talk to and provide interesting perspectives and fashion advice (but also just amusing chitchat) when they step into FFA..There's at least one couple that met through MFA/FFA though, soit could happen! And it's kinda cute! But probably in that unexpected wow-did-not-expect-to-actually-find-interest-in-a-person-online-that-I-talk-about-leather-boots-with.

Can we stop posting . every time someone posted a hair question. It's a majorly dead subreddit, very little feedback. .Also. I should post a fit..
we should have a recurring hair thread.
I compulsively do the "go to .!" in FFA whenever someone asks "Help me find . specific item!" But the sub is super dead and it's also a thankless task.It's difficult. I'd like those ancillary subs to be a legit resource, but it takes a lot of effort to help out for those questions day after day after day.
You know what's weird, I actually don't mind doing like quick searches for certain articles of clothing. Maybe I'll sub and participate on ..
Your right, and that person would have to generally give the same answer everyday. Maybe there should be a fortnight thread about "male hair questions" or a "Find me x" thread.
It's a strange cycle, because it's dead if nobody posts there, but nobody posts there because it's dead. .Maybe redirecting lots more people IS necessary to revive a subreddit? 
What's necessary is for people there . advice.
Yeah, it's hard for that transition to happen in a pretty dead sub. I'm sure lots of people here originally came to ask for adivce and stayed and eventually began giving it out..So . just needs a small base of knowledgeable regulars to kickstart that and create a community. .But yeah, until then, basically useless
I wish . would spend time there, instead of just posting his tutorials.
There are people posting, pictures of themselves asking "what kind of hairstyle would fit my face?" "What kind of product do I need to use?" Etc. The people posting pictures of themselves isn't what they are short of, it people giving feedback. And as . said all of the comment or suggestions are generally "short-back/sides long top, and bring a picture to your barber" 
I think it has plenty of male hair but not much advice. .So directing more male hair there won't really solve the problem.
In terms of beginners, is there really any worthwhile advice to be given other than "short-back/sides long top, and bring a picture to your barber"? .Thats pretty much all the sub is, making it pretty pointless. 
Let's talk about product...
I heard macklemores same love 4 times on my 20 min commute. It was playing at the same time on two stations at one point. .I'm down with the gays too, but damn. 
The radio is awful, worst songs are made singles. Same love was good the first time I heard it, I now resent all Macklemore due to it being played to death.

I don't listen to radio any more, it's kind of funny to me that he got so popular.  Most the stuff I share with my friends doesn't.   .My favorite song from that album. is actually Neon Cathedral.  
Neon Cathedral was my immediate favorite as well, it has the really raw/soulful feelings that a lot of his old songs have as well.
This song and Starting Over are definitely my favourites off the album. I still dig Can't Hold Us, but damn, some of the lyrics in those songs are good. 
Agreed, it's a phenominal song, definitely my favorite from the album too.
Do you like any of his other stuff? Ten Thousand Hours, Thin Line, White Walls, Wing$, Gold? I love his stuff and yeah that is kind of ridiculous... 
White Walls and Gold are my favorite "getting ready" songs. Victory Lap too. They're just so CATCHY and fun and make me feel happy. 
His other stuff off of only one album?
I don't assume everyone dove into his music the way i did. I have all of his music right from The language of my world, to the Vs ep to the heist. I just try to stick with something that most people would know. 

this song bothers me because the lyrics seem hamfisted. Like, there are a few parts where the flow breaks, and it seems like it's done for lazy reasons rather than artistic reasons..still, it's probably a Good Thing that it's popular I guess.

Animal style by murs is a much better gay "activist" song imo. 
/s

I know, I was just pointing out a great song :)
I wake up to the radio every morning and it is either:

Mirrors is the jam of a lifetime tho
I have something like 13 Pandora stations....Over the last few weeks, . has tried to weasel its way onto EIGHT of them..Trap station, with artists such as Gucci Mane?  Radioactive...Low key alternative station, seeded off of Lana Del Rey?  Radioactive..Summer station, mostly Taylor Swift, Jack Johnson, and Colbie Caillat?  Radioactive..Dubstep?  Radioactive..Punk rock?  Radioactive..Classic Rock, where I have not given a thumb to a single song newer than 1985?  RADIOACTIVE..I fucking hate you, Imagine Dragons.  One day, I will find those guys, knock them unconscious, hook them up to feeding tubes and colostomy bags, and chain them to beds somewhere deep and dark, and make them listen to . until they die..There's yer fuckin apocalypse, happy?
Get lucky, dude.  It's un fucking bearable.  It took about three days before I realized that the radio was going to do that thing . does to Memes.  
The same thing happened to me with Somebody that I Used to Know by Gotye. Every station no matter how irrelevant played it. I still get a little mad when I hear the first few seconds of it. 
HI DRAGONBUTTONS
Oh hey how's life 
And blurred lines. I loved that song. 
I feel like a hipster saying this, but Macklemore's huge influx of popularity kinda turns me off from his music. It's not that his music isn't good, which it is, it's that all these new fans are buggin out calling him like the Messiah of rap. Like the comments on that song he did with 2 Chainz are crazy! Kids need to calm down and accept that trap lyfe
It's like this - if you like someone's music, listen to it. Fuck caring about who else is listening to it because every artist has fans who are idiots. The Who were what got me into music, but I know tons of Who fans who would never listen to anything after 1990. That's silly. I used to avoid artists because they were popular, and then I realized how much music I was missing out on. I regret that. Now if I like something I listen to it. If someone wants to give me shit for my musical preference, oh well. Fuck that, I love music.
Maybe they just don't like 90s Who? I mean, I love 80s Metallica but 90s Metallica is just balls. Artists do change with time.
Blue scholars are the better Seattle duo. 
Hello
nah i'm pretty sure that it's because his music isn't good
okay maybe a little that too haha

His producer is fucking phenomenal and frankly I think his talent is wasted. The beat on "Jimmy Iovine" is fucking dope, but I don't give a pampered fuck about the lyrics at all. Could have been such a banger. 
Same goes for every producer at YMCMB. Genius beats, but the lyrics is just utter shit. 
Meh, that's YMCMB's game and i'm fine with it. I don't look to them for anything except empty bangers. Simple, hype lyrics on hype beats. Mack always tries to get deep and shit on songs that could potentially go really hard. 


What's bad about it?

i don't think any of his verses are particularly impressive and in a genre where there are a ton of talents blowing up while remaining really authentic, macklemore feels like mass-produced pop that we are supposed to gobble up. it's even worse in the concert experience - he came to our spring fling and gave the most ridiculous speech about same love. .i think ryan lewis is immensely talented, and i hope he works on producing other peoples music because he's engineering tons of hits for macklemore, but i feel like his work has next to no meaning, the add he did for the NBA playoffs solidified any doubts in my mind about his artistic integrity.
I was lucky enough to have found Macklemore before he was famous and because of that I got to go see him multiple times in smaller venues. He's pretty genuine. The biggest indicator of that is his messages and his non-labelness. Same Love is overplayed, but songs like Jimmy Lovine and Otherside show his dedication to the art not the money. and for that, I respect him. 
Yeah, him letting "Wings" be used as an NBA ad is the biggest artist sellout since Metallica partnered with Bob Rock.
If you're already set against him, then you'd probably view his position as a cop-out; but it's nice to hear things from his side nonetheless.
I read that, it's rambling, incoherent at parts, and inconsistent. Reeked of post partum rationalization.

Some guy just plugged Topman Skinny slacks a few days ago. Said they're the best-fitting slim slacks he's ever worn. I'd link, but I'm on my phone. Sorry, man. 
I got those as a last resort. (For an event). Had to size up from my usual. The fabric is not so great (wool blend) and many pairs are actually flawed.
Glad I bought it, but will want to replace it with something better quality. 
It was good for the price, and even better since I abused them. 
J. Crew Ludlow slim fit in wool can be had on ebay for under 100 all day.  Might be worth a look.
I can't wait to graduate school and move to a somewhat large city so I can start participating..Have fun!
I'm still in school! But I guess the not-large city part is a bigger limiting factor. :P
If it wasn't my birthday tomorrow and I didn't have hockey every Friday night I'd totally come out!
Happy birthday, man!
Thanks! Hopefully the meet up went well for everyone and I can make it to the next one.
Can't make it this time either. :(
Keep doing these though. I will come the first time that it's possible. 
Looks great.  If you could make something similar to this, I'd buy it in a second:
It's funny because that's what I was trying to replicate at first. The first pocket tee I made was the navy blue floral print shirt lol.
Look good.  Capitalize while you can because these are definitely trendy..What tees are you using to start with?
For now, just buying shirts at h&m and other places that are similar.
can you do sleeve and pocket accents?
Do you have any pictures of what you would like?
Something like what Baauer is wearing at Coachella 2013. These sleves with a matching pocket accent. 

I would totally buy these in a second... If the t-shirt was a poly-cotton blend with a heavier gauge fabric.
I really like what you have going on here a lot. The only thing that makes me hesitant is the brand of tshirt. If it was a brand that I trusted more I'd pull the trigger in a heartbeat. 
What do you mean the brand? The fact that it's h&m and cotton on? Are there any that you recommend?
Yeah. I mean I own some H&M stuff (not tshirts) and its often just low quality. I hear the same about cotton on. So it just makes me hesitant.  .Edit: for suggestions it's hard to say without knowing what kind of price you're comfortable with. Hanes would be a similar price point. I like everlane but that's $15 a tee. People seem to like american apparel though so maybe that'd be worth it. 
They look nice but maybe offer better quality shirts. e.g. h&m t-shirts can have a really poor quality.
do you have any suggestions?
I've heard good things about Gildan t-shirts if you're looking to get them sent off to be printed or whatever. I'm sure you can also buy from them.
Thanks I'll keep that in mind!

Well I live in Germany so I am not sure what you can get in the US, but I think the American Apparel basic shirts are really decent for the price..
To be clear: I think that some H&M shirts (i like the organic cotton blend ones) are actually pretty good for a start and experimenting, but if you want to get more serious I would suggest better materials though. 
a tee is a tee. Theirs are 100% cotton like your wings & engineered cabourn loop-wheeled selvedge made in okinawa cotton. Plus H&M's tees are on of the better basics they carry.
H&M tees are also notoriously thin, and sometimes people want a bit thicker of a shirt.
Different brands fit better off the rack and keep their fit better over time
You gotta start shipping to Canada! I was literally just about to order one!
Hey so I ship to Canada now! Just thought I'd let you know :P
Loving those floral prints bro! I think I'm gonna order one sometime later this week
Awesome
i might buy from this dude but the size variations make me hesitant, are there any stores or online stores where i can get something similar?
May I ask what you're doing here? This seems like a neat project, and I just pulled the trigger on a sewing machine for DIY alterations..Are you sewing a pocket onto a t-shirt that you purchased? If so you may want to be careful about selling it like this, I'm not sure what the legal ramifications are here..All-in-all I like the designs though, for sure.
Well I don't really plan on opening up my own clothing line or anything like that. Maybe if I gain enough popularity one day I might. For now I don't want to invest in bulk orders or t shirts so I'm just buying shirts from places like H&M and sewing fabrics that I bought onto them. Does that answer your question?
people get american apparel t's all the time and put prints on them. the whole point of pyrex is getting people to buy cheap champion shorts with "pyrex" on them for an outsize price. unless he's claiming to have stitched the shirts himself, which he does not on the store, then he's fine.
classical liberal?.Oh shit, it's keynes.
lel nah i made my account a while ago when i was an edgy libertarian. wish i could change it but oh well
Liberal=edgy? I knew politics in America is screwed up, but this? 
whew. I was worried I'd have to explain to you that textbook economics doesn't work when politicians are involved.
no no i already learned public choice, and its pretty easy to figure that out if you read the news
I gotcha, I'd just recommend being careful is all. Still, I like the designs, if for no other reason that your own aesthetic, keep it up for sure.
Looks good.
Yo man...put some tee accents on this along with the pockets in the same pattern and then ill cop some.
i like the first and the third ones a lot, the checkered pattern seems to go really well with those colors.
Appreciate it! I know a lot of people on Etsy that sell pocket tees just put a ton of designs out, but I'm trying really hard to put out some well thought out designs that are stylish.
yea i get that. nice to see people working hard and making some nice products.
:')
libertarian m9 very different from liberal
Selvedge is for woven cotton, not knitted cotton.
They look sharp. The patterns I would choose would be patterns that I could match with shorts, such as solids, stripes, plaids, etc. Nothing too busy. 
(of course) i love the floral pocket tees but im actually not a fan of the way the pockets go with the other shirts. .definitely do more!
appreciate the feedback!
What brand of pants are you wearing?
For bizcaz I usually have my phone in my jacket breast pocket.  Other than that, just moving the phone between pockets might help, but if they're Dockers Alphas it's pretty much unavoidable.  .The slimmer then chinos, the more you're going to get fades like this, due to tension.
I've had . on my cellphone fade on jeans before...but when I'm out and about and don't want to have to constantly worry about my phone, I just put it in a pocket within a pack I usually carry around with me.
Change pockets occasionally
Carry a bag.
They're docker alpha khakis, and I also have a pair of banana republic Emersons that are relatively new so I don't know how bad they'll fade 
I think that alpha khakis are sorta designed for that kind of wear. The fabric is thicker and stiffer and the cut tighter. They are billed as just a step from up from jeans.
try putting it on the inside breast jacket pocket.. if you're wearing a jacket of course
Maybe put it in your back packet opposite the side you carry your wallet on? And try to remember it's there when you go to sit down.
I have lost many pants to this...
Chinos != jeans.Cellphone fade on jeans is fine. Cellphone fade on chinos at work, not so much. :)
Oh my goodness, what was I thinking... When I wear chinos I usually wear a jacket with a breast pocket, too, and I like to place my phone in there! And again, I usually have a knapsack or messenger bag, and like to put it in there, too.
are you a woman.who puts phones in their bags
I wasn't aware that there were gender specific rules for cell phone placement 
I think they would be called baseball pants. Here's something similar 
Those just look like pants with an elastic cuff.  No real name for it, as far as I know.
Jogger pants
they are known as jogger pants in the streetwear community.
This shop has them, but the price is pretty steep...
Where in the UK to buy a quality navy blazer? Modern, slim fit
[deleted]
How often are you talking about? Why don't you just wear a showercap if you don't want to wash your hair? 
Meh, Its not that great. If you like the hair thing then just shower and wash only your body.
I only wash my hair once a week but i condition it everyday. 
[deleted]
Every other day is fine. 

always possible to shower without shampooing
planning on copping the red wing beckmans at the nordstrom sale. not too sure about sizing though. i wear 10D in vans, 9.5D in cdb's, what size should i get?
I wear a 9 in CDBs, a 9.5 in AE Strands, and a 10 on brannock. .I copped a 9 and and 9.5 yesterday from Nordstroms (free returns).  I'll send back one pair if they don't fit.  .I intend to wear the Beckmans with Superfeet Merino inserts so I didn't want to overly downsize. 
Probably either a 9 or 9.5 (they run big)
..I would only use that as a reference though, and do more research before you actually buy.
9
rain + raws = ???
depends how much indigo is in them. If you're still leaching indigo on everything you touch could end up splotchy. If you're not, then you're probably good.
Blue Ass Imprints. 
How is the J.Crew Wool University Coat. $255 new seems like a sweet deal new on their website . I was comparing to the Melton Pea Coat or the Filson Mackinaw. I realizwe these are in very different ranges. Just wondering if anyone has had experience with the University Coat..Also, dumb question about the Wolverine 1000 miles. Does the leather sole make it so that it is not a good winter boot since it would be wet and sloshy? Or would getting the vibram soles help out at all? I guess I am trying to decide between those and Iron rangers or possibly Alden Indy if I am feeling rich. I will be in Germany for 4 years so I will be in some wintery weather..And lastly.. Am I late to the party or in Uniqlo supposed to be like a play on words thing for Unique Clothing? Or am I over thinking this?
Vibram soles make a lot of difference in the winter. Leather will make you slip everywhere. 
I have the thinsulate version of the slim university coat. It's... okay. And not very slim, that's for sure, and the sleeves are a little short. It's also not very warm at all sadly. At least in < 40deg weather. But it's definitely slimmer most peacoats and looks decent.
Are you a pretty skinny dude? I have more athletic build with broader shoulders and a 33in waist. Do you think it would work for me?
I'm actually about the same. 37-38 inch chest, 32-33 inch waist (32 in levis, 31-30 in naked and famous/unbranded). Honestly, if I were going to choose again I probably wouldn't go with the university coat. It may work for you though, who knows. Just be ready to return it. I would be okay with the coat if it were warm enough, but I'm always surprised how cold I am in it.
Hmmm. I will keep that in mind. I plan on using it as a top layer to other layers below it. But it would be nice if it actually worked as a warm layer..
Yeah, I think if you layered it well it would be a very nice piece. Looking back on last winter I don't think I was very diligent on how I layered. I usually reserved it for temperatures over 35-40deg and relied on my . the rest of the time. I live in Minneapolis fwiw
I'm in the same boat as you.  I love the look of IRs, but the cork sole (and other leather soled shoes) will not cut it in Minnesota.  I don't really like the look of bean boots, and I know I can get something more stylish, but still functional.  You get used to walking on snow/ice haha.  I've been looking at these .  There's better pictures on the internet if you Google it, and I think they look similar to the IRs while still providing functionality.  I was going to pick up a pair once I get a coupon.
I think these . are kinda interesting for a boot with a vibram sole
Mmmmm. Pretty. 
I own the university coat in thinsulate and am happy to answer any questions. I ended up getting it for about $90 from J Crew at the end of this past winter, but I think that's the only time you're likely to see prices close to that. 135 seems pretty reasonable to me for sure.
What size did you get and how long are the sleeves?
I have a small slim. I am 5'11 with about a 6'1 wingspan and the sleeves fit well.
How's the fit on it? I'm not exactly a small guy. More of an athletic build 42in chest with a 33in waist. But I'm taller. 6'2. Do you think a medium would work? 
Yeah, I suspect a medium could work for you. I'm 5'11, 39 and 31, and the small slim fit slightly boxy but not too bad. The chest is good fit for a jacket. I might hesitate on the slim M, but I bet regular could do okay.
Leather soles are, indeed, very bad for winter weather. They are slippery (you will notice that even on carpet) and further, the leather will be gradually damaged by the moisture and salt. Putting on a vibram sole would help a lot..The Iron Ranger's sole is cork, which won't get damaged by water or salt, but also has very poor traction on ice and snow. It's also not really ideal for winter..Frankly, if you're going to be outside in the winter for any significant amount of time, you really ought to be wearing something with leather or vibram soles, and lugs. You can get top soles or overshoes that will satisfy these, though, if you particularly want the 1000 mile or IR.
Thanks. Yeah I think I will end up getting the the 1000 miles and a pair of cheap used bean boots if I'll be in the snow and such. I would imagine I will be out of the snow more often than in it. I imagine I will still look into getting the vibram soles added to them anyway though.
Most of the reviews of the J. Crew Wool University Coat I've seen have been good, but everyone recommends the Thinsulate version. .Not sure about the Wolverine 1000 Miles, but I'd definitely want a rubber sole on my boots if I were going to be tramping outside in the snow and slush. The damage mostly comes from the salt that's used to help deal with that snow and slush; I'm not sure what the protocol is in Germany. .And yes, Uniqlo was originally called Unique Clothing Warehouse in Japan, which was eventually shortened to Uniqlo. :)
Thanks. That answered my questions. 
Leather soles in the winter are a terrible idea. Once they get worn in they provide a little more traction but not enough to comfortably reduce the risk of you falling and smashing your face.

For the linen shirts.  On the cheap side, Express has some that were slim fit Linen/Cotton, I have one of those I like.   .Brooks Brothers has a Linen in their slim fit, but I think that's pretty much the size of Uniqlos you don't like so I'd recommend .Keep in mind though, it's a linen shirt, you don't necessarily want it fit as closely as something like a OCBD.  
Asos.
to #2 - I've had pretty good luck sizing down with the Uniqlo linens. The XS fits me almost exactly like the slim small if that helps. Just check their measurments.
Problem is I'm already an XS in their slim sizing. :/ thanks anyway!
Quoddy and Rancourt products are always made in their own factories in Maine, which is fairly rare anymore. Quoddy is actually a rebooted brand name, which I've seen Kyle Rancourt speak rather negatively about... but I wouldn't worry about that too much. Aesthetically very similar. Rancourt used to make all the Allen Edmonds handsewns and are also popular for a lot of flexibility when it comes to "made to order" design..A company called Highland Shoe Company makes OSB in Maine. I chose OSBs and love them. The lines are a little bit more angular and modern, which I actually prefer. .I suggest reading through the Styleforum threads for OSB and Rancourt and choosing after doing so. You're not going wrong choosing between them.
Thanks for the great reply. I'll check out those SF threads soon.
Thanks again. I'll check out Express but I've had issues with their quality in the past so I'm probably gonna pass. Thanks anyway.
What are the rules on socks with Mids? I just got Nike Blazer Mids and don't plan on wearing shorts with them ever, but want to know sick protocol. Are quarters normal or more calf socks? These things chafe above my ankles a bit without socks. . 
The only real protocol is to be comfortable. You're wearing pants, so wear the calf socks if that helps with the chaffing. 

You gotta wear them until the chaffing stops. Honestly, nobody is gonna notice the first pair of socks you posted but I like the calf socks better.
Any recs on brands? Should I do wool since that's advised for boots or should I go with some basketball sock?
I want to get a Navy blazer with golden buttons. Anyone have any personal favorite brands for this?
Well you can add gold buttons to any blazer you'd like for a pretty small amount of work or money. J Crews blazers are a favorite of mine personally, though Brooks is a popular option too of course. Whats your price?
Brooks is best bet
Dependent. I'm looking mostly for the best quality for the lowest price. I want something that could potential last me a decade. I'm currently looking at brooks with my grail being JPress
Well then shopping sales is your best bet. A higher-end brooks jacket should last quite some time, but it all depends on how much care you give it.
For something that classic I'd hit up Brooks Brothers. 
I agree..Hopefully I can find something that fits and looks good. I'm ~ 140 and 5'8 and pretty slim in my midsection which makes clothes that fit fairly hard to find.
When are a shirt's tails too long for wearing untucked? I got a banana republic tailored slim fit shirt, which fits mostly well except maybe the sleeve width and the tail length. Are those two things easy to get tailored?.I also have a pair of chinos that fit decently enough but I'd like it to be more tapered (I don't think it's tapered at all) below the knees. Is getting it tailored a good idea? I have no experience with tailoring. :(
Both shirt & chinos are fine to get tailored. If you have to ask if the tails are too long then they probably are
I think the shirt-tucking issue can be judged on length, but also on how pointed the two sides come down. If the front of the shirt comes down really pointed, then it is meant to be (and should be) tucked, whereas other "dress shirts" have more rounded (i.e. casual-style) fronts that let them be worn untucked. 


Can someone explain the difference between dress and casual chinos? I have a few pairs of 5-pocket style ones that are obvious casual wear (basically like jeans), but is their a middle ground, say the J. Crew Urban Slim Fit or LEC Comer, before you get to dressier-type chinos? Or am I making a distinction where there isn't one? Am I losing my mind?
Dress chinos usually have a crease
Easy enough. Can chinos in that middle ground be worn pretty easily with a casual sport jacket?
yes
What color shorts and shirts do you recommend for brown suede wingtips with periwinkle lunarglide soles? I already have them, so "don't buy them" is unacceptable thank you
How do Brooks Brothers slim shirts and J. Crew slim shirts fit compared to Uniqlo slim shirts? I have a Uniqlo slim fit Oxford in large and it fits me perfectly if that helps
You'd probably be a large in J Crew slim then.
JCrew slim shirts are slimmer than Uniqlo's, but not by a ton. I have spent way too much time lately stressing over this.
Never tried Uniqlo, but Brooks Brothers shirts are quite large in general.
Are their slim fit shirts large or just regular fit?
I'm a full size down in everything BB, and a 1/2" neck size down on slim fits, if that's any help.
They are all large. Their slim fits are large for being a slim fit and their extra slim fit are large for being an extra slim fit. Same with regular.
Generally, Uniqlo slim is more comparable to BB Extra Slim.   Uniqlo slim is comparable to J. Crew slim, though J. Crew might be a little tighter. 
Would you say that a jcrew medium fits like a uniqlo medium (regular fit)? 
Slim fits are for a pretty big dude. Assuming you're in okay shape, go ESF. I'm 6'1 205 and they fit me perfectly, so it might be a no go for a skinnier dude.
Excellent, that's pretty close to what I am. Thanks!
regular fit. The extra slim is a bit slimmer than the uniqlo slim.
Thank you very much
Alright, thank you!

Where can I find 8-10" shorts (either chambray or chinos in olive or a .) on the skinnier side (like <30 waist, <11 thigh & <8 opening) ?.Jcrew club 9" shorts are slightly too big in the thigh (like maybe 2", just enough to screw the fit) & too big at the knee (9" leg opening, it's their slimmest cut right?).I'd like to keep it <150$, but if you can make me fall in love then money is no problem.I looked at asos, but I'm a sucker for minimalist items and found nothing of my liking over there
American Apparel did/do have some 7 inch chambray shorts on sale. If they don't I have some in a 29 I could sell you. PM me if interested and I'll get you the measurements.
I just waterproofed my suede CP Achilles with ., and now I have a pretty distinct line going across the top of the shoes. Anyone know I might be able to remedy this? Tried spraying another layer of the waterproofer on - no dice.
have you tried using a suede eraser and brush?
Unfortunately there isn't really much you can do. You could try brushing it, but I don't think it'll help much. At least they're water resistant right? 
Thanks. Do you know why it happened? So I can avoid it happening again?
might have to do with the creasing of the shoe, considering that's probably where the suede would bend when you step. in which case there's not a whole lot you can do.
Hm, well these are literally brand new and unworn... Appreciate the input, though.
hm well then that's interesting, there goes my theory. is there some sort of extra layer under the toecap or something?
Its really not noticeable. I doubt anybody would think twice about it.
Realistically, how long will a trendy camo clothing still be wearable without looking dated? The pattern is so popularly associated with these years that I'm hesitant to buy some camo tees that look nice. 

If you went to my high school, it never goes out of style because deer season is forever.
I have some cool belts and it's hot out...Is it ever acceptable to tuck your shirt into shorts?
Yes, you can make a shirt tucked into shorts work.  I assume you're not talking about tees.
nah. ocbd most likely.
Yea you can do that.  I'm sure you can find plenty of examples of guys pulling that look off if you dig through some WAYWTs.  

Thoughts about this outfit?: Black Roshes, Black Outlier trousers (slim dungarees), light blue OCBD.I actually put all this on this morning but I couldn't tell if it was good or not, especially since I don't have a full length mirror. I don't have a fit pic cos I changed out of it into something else.
Can't tell without pics but ocbd sounds kinda weird with the athletic nature of roshes and dungarees. Could be wrong though
Yeah that's what I was worried about... I wasn't sure if the OCBD would work with the roshes
Does anyone have any experience with the new uniqlo slim chinos that are 3% elastene? How do they compare to the older chinos on their site? Thanks..EDIT: The pants in question are 
Not exactly what you are asking but I have the 3% elastane colour jeans and love them to death. 
The pants in question are .. I was wondering how they compare to .. Thanks.
No idea, I only have the colour jeans. Personally I do prefer a bit of elastane in general though. May be slightly weaker than 100% cotton but I find it more comfortable and that you actually have a more resilient item due to slightly better resistance to stress.
what are some good banded collar short sleeve or longsleeve popovers? could be linen, cotton, wool, whatever.
Luxire. 
Can I get a 
Good shirt+pants combo.  I like the colors
sweater looks too short.wheres it from tho
eBay I think it's vintage jcrew
How the hell do you guys all take such good pictures. I walk around and feel confident about the clothes I wear, but when I try to take a selfie for the WAYWT I look like I have the confidence of a 12 year old in daddy's suit. 
Guess this is the best place for this-I featured . hat in a recent WAYWT and now I'm looking to self-alter it a bit. It's a "coated fisherman" hat according to gap, and it doesn't breathe at all so it gets really, really hot underneath. Any tips on adding some mesh vents or something similar to help? Not quite sure where to start.
You're probably better off just buying something that doesn't have that issue. How much money do you want to dump into a 13 dollar hat (no offense meant).
I actually got it for $1, so i'm willing to spend a little. I may just poke some holes in it and leave it at that.
Haha oh okay, well experiment away I guess.
Pick up some brass grommets and pop some holes in it and finish off the holes with grommets. It will look nice and finished..Something like this: 
Should I size down?  Grey is medium, tan is small. 
Tan is too short, other is too long.  Can you get the medium and have it tailored?
neither. small is too short. medium is too big.
Really I think it's preference, I think they both look good. I know that doesn't help you make your decision. If you ever wanna layer I'd recommend the medium though. 
Tan one fits better. 
I've already gotten the grey one.  I'm considering exchanging it. Is it possible to get a trucker altered?
Reccomend me a gray shoe under 100? Can be a sneaker, chucka, just not a plimsole since I have navy plimsoles and white. .Also, reccomend me a black sneaker under 100? I was thinking black sk8his? It would be my first pair of hi tops..Are hanes beefy tees okay to wear as not undershirts or should i stick to target? Is uniqlo fit similar to target tees? .Do the have any places that sell "Medium-tall" parkas? Im going to need a warmer coat for winter and would love a parka, just need a longer arm.
I like nike janoskis, and imo they look best grey, black, or tan.
i think adidas x takahiromiyashita sneaks can still be found sub 100

Where at?
ebay, resellers, i think maybe a few stockists have a pair here or there. no hard links, i'm afraid.
Any recs for good boots for winter that go well with black jeans? Blue jeans? Jeans are skinny enough to assume tuck. I have Red Wings which work well for the blue, was thinking semi seriously of getting black moc toed ones since they have a cool look.
maybe .?.They have a store in Chicago too.
During the winter I wear Danners due to the weather here.  They're a bit expensive however they only seem to get better with age..I've one general duty pair that I hike and stomp around in that are now 6 years old and only needed another set of laces.
Bean boots, duhhh. .But really, get some moc toe boots for winter if you dont have any! Im not sure what they would like with a tuck though, might be kind of awkward. 
You probably know this but . are on sale at nordstrom's for $160 if you're flexible on black. 
daddy likey
These are nice, want2cop.
For button down shirts it seems the basic colors to stick to are (light/pale) blue, white, arguably (light/pale) pink, and arguably grey. .What are the basic colors for t-shirts to start with when building a wardrobe? For use with denim and shorts, perhaps chinos too.

I want to get this . in both gray and blue. What are the pros and cons of getting the same item in different colors?
Why not pick one and make sure it's actually the best thing since sliced bread before getting a second one?
just out of interest, why do you want two colors of the same sweatshirt?
I don't mean to be rude but this is something you have to figure yourself. If it fits well/ you wear it a ton no reason to try and find an alternative to get a different colour. 
side note: does anyone else think the off-color band at the bottom can make your torso look shorter?
I like both and can't decide.

I have a question about boutonnieres.. writes:.What exactly do I ask my tailor to do? I'm expecting him to have no idea what I'm talking about when I bring it up. Maybe I'm wrong?
It's just a thread (or a few wound together) that makes a little loop about an inch below the buttonhole.
Does your lapel have what looks like a button hole on one of the lapels? Does it actually open?.Call it a boutonniere loop. 
I'm not sure if there is a button hole (the suit is with the tailor now). What happens if there isn't one?
It would be extra work for the tailor to add the hole.
Why is the bottom button hole on some shirts horizontal instead of vertical?

Casual shirt brand recommendations for a smedium? Mediums are often too long in the body/too wide in the shoulders, and smalls are often too tight in the waist/neck.  
Old Navy or Forever 21 "slim fit" mediums
Uniqlo's "premium cotton" crew necks in M seem to work well for me. I'm 5'9" with more narrow shoulders than average. Mossimo's M are a little small on me and Gap's M are a little large.

Thinking about getting a trench coat-
Should I get it in beige or black? My wardrobe is basically the MFA sidebar.
Beige. Hard to wear effectively these days, though.
I think it can look good with a fairly simple look, OCBD, dark jeans and some boots. It fits well, and it's cropped, so it has a modern look.
I recently got a pair of burgundy shorts for a birthday gift and I have no idea what to wear with them. Any suggestions?
white, off-white, light blue t-shirts, plimsolls or boat shoes.
black side-zips that would provide good traction for rain?.sub 300 plz
What's a good physical store to buy a wallet in dc?
You been in Federal? Might be a good spot to start.
Thanks! very good suggestion. Got a Filson wallet that's just about perfect
Are dark brown/merlot shoes acceptable for an interview at an engineering company? Or should I just stick to black? Charcoal suit, white dress shirt, dark red tie.
If you have black I'd wear them, dark brown is probably fine though.
Thanks. I'm still in college and this would be my first pair, and I was hoping to get something in dark brown so I could wear it on a nice dressy date with the gal or something. Wish the thrift stores here were better.
Oh if it's your first pair of shoes dark brown will get you a lot further.
I would only wear black shoes to an interview. 
Natural Chromexcel belt recommendations?.Alternatively, something that looks similar to natural cxl, since cxl is possibly too stretchy for a belt..Budgets like $100, but obviously wouldnt mind less.
mixing up plain old veg tanned and cxl, ignore me
Why CXL and not some other leather, if you don't miind my asking?
that's not natural CXL
yeah I was just being a doofus
Best bet is probably this one once it's restocked: 
just because I have natural cxl boots, so I was looking for a close match. I would actually prefer a different leather that has a very similar look though.
 has one. You could email the guy from Hollows, he does cxl as well, although his website currently says sold out. Veg tan is always an option too, but that's obviously a very different leather.
yeah I was thinking of emailing the Hollows guy before. Just checking to see if there are some other options.
There are, I'm not an expert though. Paging .?
veg tanned leather looks way different than chromed tan though, and I don't think they are gonna end up looking anything similar even with patina.
Nevermind, dunno why I was thinking those were CXL... The fact that a CXL belt is tough to find leads me to believe you're right about the stretch factor.
Is there any other differences between regular Van's authentics and jcrew x vans authentics, other than the laces? 
exclusive colorways i think. obviously not those, but like the various pastel colors i've never seen anywhere else
I'm pretty sure it's only the laces.
Funny actually, last summer I bought those J crew vans and they were great, but wore out on me. So this summer I was about to order a new pair when I just decided to buy regular off-white/cream vans and swap the laces out with my old J crew x Vans laces. .The colour is slightly lighter on the J crew Vans, and a little more yellow on the regular vans, but for the price difference, I highly recommend just getting the regular vans and swap the laces. 
Put this in the GD, but may be better..Ideas a for a casual low/mid top casual shoe for fall? Something between NB's and wingtips theoretically to be used in rotation with CDBS..I was thinking gray bucks, but can't find great, cheapish (sub 100) pairs, except 1901's.
Blucher mocs are a cousin of camp mocs that may be a bit more appropriate for the fall. An example in your price range: 

Coats with a look like the pointer chore coat that will keep you warm for under $250?
Levi's makes lined truckers. Might not be any available right now, though.
Pointer has a PCC with lining on their web site. Or at least did.
Barn coat
Pointer barn coat
Looking for some cheap black military/combat style boots to play around with, something similar to this: .Budget is less than 100 but I'm looking for something real cheap before I really invest in a good pair.
Why not .?
I like it, tons of options, I'll have to do some digging. Thanks!
I like the captoe models myself, and jungle boots are a classic. The newer US models are pretty ugly though.
digicam is a fashion failure :( stupid army.
I think it can look pretty rad, honestly.
Which out of JCrew slim fit oxford, BB ESF sports shirts oxford, and Uniqlo oxford have the shortest lengths. I'm looking to wearing them untucked.  .Also what's a bag similar to Navali's mainstay/boatswain in terms of quality (Navali has lifetime warranty) but maybe cheaper (mainstay is 100 and boatswain is 90)? I missed the Navali sale :(
Definitely not BB.  I think Uniqlo's is probably a bit shorter than J. Crew's 
J Crew, then Uniqlo, then BB. 
Am I too late for the W+H bush pants hype? Due to moving country for a new job I wont be able to get them until around september.
ignore the hype, buy what you want
I suppose it was my dumb way of asking if they're worthy of the hype? I love the design of them, and they look great, but I'm afraid I'm being influenced by seeing them on here so much.
i have a pair of w+h chinos, not the bush pants, and they're absolutely worth it. their pants game is pretty on point, if you like them then get them.
Can anyone recommend some raw denim similar in fit to Levis 514s, possibly 513s? Promised myself I'd have a pair by Fall. $150 max would be great
I'd go either Unbranded 201/N&F Weird Guy or Unbranded 301/N&F Slim Guy. The big difference in the fit is from the knee down. The Unbrandeds will run you 80, N&F 150. 
Excellent, thank you very much. I like that Unbranded price of course, but I'll check 'em both out
Same owner and fit, different manufacturer (Macau vs. Canada). If it's your first pair and you just want a classic dark indigo, nothing wrong with Unbranded IMO. 
Yep, classic dark indigo is exactly what I want, and they would be my first pair
What's the Levi's raw denim called? I know it's not completely raw but yeah. Also, what's the fit like?
rigid dragon. 511s are the slim fit, so its a bit tighter than 514s but not painted on
Are Rigid Dragon actually raw?  I thought they were one wash
One wash is basically sanforized denim. A lot of raw denim is sanforized. .True raw is unsanforized which is the unwashed/unsoaked version where you have to soak it yourself. But they do it for you already in the sanforized versions. 
501 shrink to fit
Whats the fit like?
Straight fit.  How slim it is depends on how you size.  I sized down two in the waist and got a nice, pretty slim fit.  I'll post pics if you'd like.
Yeah please do
edit:.I've had em for about a month and a half.  They've undergone one hot soak and one wash, the stitching is actually very well done (better than my unbrandeds)..edit:edit:
those are 28x34, my natural waist size is a 30, I do wish that I went up another 2 inches in the inseam but finding a pair of 28x36's is pretty hard.
Nice fit!
:D
Not enough love for STF 501s, I have two pairs myself. I'm gonna try sizing down next time though.
Yeah I dunno, it seems like the majority of MFA has this misconception that 501 STF's fit terribly and are of terrible quality..Do you know how fast they fade by the way?  I'm trying to get my pair down to a light blue like .  that my dad wore in the late 70's and probably washed the shit out of and I'd like a timeframe.

Straight fit and untapered..If you like slim pants they are not for you.

Yeah not my favorite fit might look at rigid 511s
can you buy in store? Also, do you have them?
you can buy them in store, and no i dont own them but nearly everyone else on this sub does.
You can get hella sick fades from rigid 511s. I got mine for $3 and they've been the best bang for your buck intro to raw denim that i've ever heard of.not sure if they are 'legitimately' raw, but they sure do feel sturdier and heavier than other 511s and Levis I've handled
they are not raw, i know they get washed at least once beforehand, not sure the exact number
alternatively LVC and Levi's made and Crafted are technically Levi's raw denim, but I'm not sure you want to buy them.
Still looking around for a waterproof winter coat. Here's a few examples of the style I like. The problem is I'm rather tall and am worried about sleeve length..   .   .   .   .   .   

Love #7, gave it a Google image search, saw Filson, cursed god and my wallet.
I swear by my Barbour Bedale

Oh jesus thats tempting thanks
What's number 4?
Check the FMF BST thread for that one. I think it's a Mount Rainier reversible?
Wow I like that.
I need something with super long arms too, let me know if you find something! Hopefully a parka.
1 is the best
Really like that one too. I'm talking to the styleforum user about possibly purchasing it.
1 fits quite short and very boxy, sleeves are quite short too. I'd avoid it if you're tall
Thanks for the input, I appreciate it!
What does MFA think about Chuck Taylors in a low top unbleached white?.I've a pair of the all star low top maroons and they're amazing but was wanting something a bit less flashy to wear with shorts and whatnot..If anyone could recommend a good affordable pair of shorts to go with them I'd really appreciate it.
I'd just get the regular optical white and just dirty them yourself. .As for shorts, most people on mfa recommend jcrew and patagonia stand up for not being too expensive and being good quality. .I personally really like abercrombie shorts (give them a shot). They have a small rectangle tag above the back pocket which isn't even noticeable and quality is pretty good. On sale you can get them for like 20$.  
Thanks sincerely sir, I really appreciate the advice.
Target merona tailored fit are pretty good for like 20 bucks
i like that colorway but i dont really like the looks of the shoes. maybe its just that pic but they look really weird for some reason.
Can anyone recommend a good tailor in Austin? .edit: also a good mechanic, they don't have to be the same person

How did I forget about this? Thanks. 
Going on shopping trip to Edmonton Canada. Can anyone recommend stores in or around West Edmonton Mall? (besides the opposite).
I went there a few months ago. I guess it depends what your style is? JCrew, scotch and soda, target, urban outfitters, H&M, Zara, Simons(department store). H&M doesn't have a Canadian online store so get what you can there. The rest I usually just tried on then bought online. 
Where can I get a good black or gray backpack big enough to hold a 17" laptop and maybe a book or two for ~$100?
Not really mfa-approved type stuff, but check out Ogio. 
I've had a Herschel bag for my 17 inch laptop and it has been holding up great for the last two years. Its one of the flat/rectangular models. 
What brick and mortar stores would have CP lows or mids?
where do you live?
southeastern-ish PA
well the closest two I could find are dot reeder in NJ and need supply in VA. their full list of stockists is . if you want to see if you can find something closer
Anyone know the sizing for this brand? Thinking of picking that shirt up, I'm normally a M in most shirts, L in BoO
Have any of you guys gone to a tailor and had him make you a full bespoke suit?  It seems expensive but I feel like it would be worth it in the long run.  What do you think of .?

Do Left Field chinos ever go on sale?  Their site has a few pairs on sale but only when they're down to 2 pairs of 29' or whatever.
they just had a coupon for 15% off. thats about as good as youre gonna get. You can also go the option of getting seconds.
try their stockists or check ebay, sufu, styleforum.
Anyone know of some cool bubble knit sweaters? I really like the sns herning fishermen bubble knit in eggplant but I haven't been able to find one. Would love to hear some other suggestions
The fishermen sweaters will most likely be back within a couple months, the stores in North America barely buy anything from SNS Herning for spring/summer because who's buying a $300 cable knit sweater in June.
Me when it goes on sale 
Sigh.. I keep thinking I'm gonna get really lucky and have a Stark pop up on my radar for ~200, but that might be overly wishful thinking.

Bought a pair of british khaki chinos at old navy yesterday on clearance for 10 bucks, and was thinking of going back to buy some more today? What colors should I get? As I recall, they may have had a tan, burnt orange/rust, light grey, dark grey, navy, and a somewhat faded olive..I was thinking probably navy as one to get, but if I have a limited budget, is there a point to that when I plan on buying a new pair of darkwash jeans soon? I'm only in high school, so the difference between denim and chinos is kinda neglible with a lack of dress code anywhere..EDIT: Tried on the pants again and turns out they were a bit too short, I'm a 30 x 32, rather than x 30. Ended up finding light grey and olive in that size and love them both, wish I coulda bought more. Damn, it feels good to finally have pants that fit me. My only pants for a while were target brand extra relaxed fit jeans. Yeah.
Navy gray and olive are all nice colors and versatile
I wear tan and light grey chinos the most, but that's because that's what I own/ fits my wardrobe. .I prefer light chinos, no real reason, just how my wardrobe has developed. 
I put my Outlier 3 ways in the dryer for pretty long, around 50 mins. Are they gonna be screwed? They seem ok but I think breathe-ability has been impacted... Just a little worried 
IIRC they actually recommend drying them for a bit to restore the waterproof stuff. 
you are probably overthinking things
You're right. Thanks for putting things into perspective
I'm looking for quality wayfarer sunglasses in the $100-$150 range, preferably with polarized glasses. The ray-bans are about that price, but are you paying for quality or for the brand? What are some alternatives?
The quality is decent, they're all made in China now rather than Italy but the differences in the production process are pretty negligible from an end product standpoint. You are paying for the name, but knockoff ray bans are rather obnoxious IMO. Getting a pair for around $100 is worthwhile.
[deleted]
Thanks for the reply. My brother has a fake broken $10 pair, so I know that's not the quality I'm looking for, but also that the wayfarer shape works quite well with my face.
Got my RB wayfarers quite cheap but am happy with the quality. Amount of branding on them is a little gaudy nowadays though. 
This isn't really related you guys are probably better at this than I am. I shipped a return from Atlanta to Tate+Yoko in Montreal and now I'm getting an "Exception" from UPS that says:.I called Tate+Yoko and Simon said he doesn't know but I gave him the tracking number and my info so he's figuring it out. UPS said that T+Y knows what's going on but there's gotta be some mis-communication. Anybody ever dealt with this problem before? If not, I lose 135 dollars so....
If Tate+Yoko can't figure it out, call UPS. In fact, call UPS anyway.
I know I'm a bit late, but anyways... 
Can you self tailor a peacoat? I bought one lately for a bargain but it is too wide around my body, shoulders are good though
2 questions..Asked this last time but didn't get a response. I bought a pair of . vans at the outlet the other day for $15. Anyone have any ideas on how to make them work? They seemed pretty cool at the store, but are kinda giving me this high school vibe at the same time..And I just got an Airism tee in the mail and it's pretty damn snug. I know it's supposed to be an undershirt, but I was hoping that it could be used as a top layer for when the heat is unbearable. Would sizing up help? 
Those Vans remind me of Nike Frees, so I guess you could try more techy stuff or wear them like people wear Roshes with denim and tees. 
i've heard that people typically do size up when wearing the airism tees as a single layer.
Cool I'll try sizing up then. Thanks
Looking for something similar to  .. The sample image is a shoe from gap, extremely cheap quality that I bought and loved the look of, just the quality wasn't there and it fell apart. Looking to spend around $50-$100, anyone have any suggestions on something similar? 
vans, clae, seavees
I have $300 to spend on Business-casual clothes. I already have olive, navy and khaki chinos. Suggestions?
Depending on your shoe game, 2-3 . OCBDs and a gray v-neck sweater..No shoes, you might be a bit hooped. Look around for sale/2nd-hand AEs or similar shows, brown derbies or wingtips are your best bet, maybe CDBs. And some cheap OCBDs if you can squeeze them in.
Is there any chance anyone here would know good stores in Brazil/that ship to Brazil?
South America has it bad when most of the stores here are Abercrombie/Holister/American Eagle..People haven't grown out of that shit yet..
The worst of it are the high duties in brazilian customs, I can't order anything above US$50 without paying a 60% tax on the item price. And not many online stores ship to here.
Agree.. I read somewhere Gap was going to open some stores in BR soon.. Otherwise I have no clue besides Levis and Dockers
There are couple of nice stores, but they're concentrated in the Rio-So Paulo axis, although I live in a city relatively nearby it's still a 400 mile drive to any of them. All there is here is an overpriced Levi's store and a Zara. I really wanted to know if there's any local brand I can rely on or an online store that ships to here (the only one I know is ASOS).
That's true.. Brazil is gigantic.. .Levis is expensive true, Zara isn't as bad.. I think a lot of the local brands are good, have had good experiences with some of them (don't remember names)
I need new shoes and I can more or less go for anything. The criteria are: somewhat casual and brown/tan..I might sound like a shoe amateur (I am) but what about desert boots? What is the context for shoes like Clarks or some variation thereof? Can they be both casual and somewhat "business casual" as well? Is there an inspiration album for them? Something besides boat shoes because I have those already.
cdbs are nice because they can be dressed up and down depending on the occasion. they're a pretty versatile shoe and gr8 as a starter shoe besides boat shoes.
I figured they would be what I wanted. They would not be so highly recommended on MFA if they weren't. Thanks for the advice.
Go for Wolverine 1,000 Miles if your budget allows.
They look awesome, but I can't really wait and save; I need new shoes now. I'll remember these, though. Thanks for the advice.
Where can I find a boot similar to Red Wing Iron Rangers in black in a size 15?.My foot size is the bane of my existence.
Question concerning eBay. I'm doing some browsing for secondhand suits, and of course there are some good prices on high-end brands like Hickey Freeman and  Ermenegildo Zegna. How do I know which of these brands I can expect to be well-fitting, and which are gonna be bags on me?
Look up measurements from those brands and compare them to items you already own. 
Makes sense I guess, but how do I gauge things like arm height?
If they don't have those measurements listed, I would go TTS on the item and if need be, have the arm tailored. .I've never heard of those brands before, so take caution and read up on how the brand fits, quality etc. 
The answer is...you don't. .This is the problem with buying on eBay in a nutshell. Unless you know the brand really well, there's always going to be a good deal of uncertainty involved, especially for something where fit needs to be as precise as a suit and contains factors that may not be captured by measurements (eg, sleeve pitch, button point). .You can eliminate some of that by doing research on measurements and brand characteristics (eg, Hickey Freeman tends to be a boxy, structured, middle-aged American businessman kinda cut; Zegna will be more of a modern cut), but it's still difficult unless you really know your stuff. .Basically, you're taking a risk in hope of getting a great deal. That can be worth it but you're just not going to be able to eliminate all uncertainty before pulling the trigger. 
Ask for . and compare to your best-fitting jackets. DON'T buy if they aren't provided, not worth the risk.
Armholes are the one thing you really can't have tailored...
Well I don't know what to tell you. You can't judge armhole height just by looking at them online. .If you're really concerned I would try them in person or take a chance and trust that the brand doesn't make jackets with low armholes.
Where do people in Australia shop which has good small/extra small sizes? I recognise a lot of the brand names thrown around in this forum, but 80% of them don't have stores here.
I'm pretty sure asos ships free to australia. Also if you guys have an H&M. What stores do you have at your mall?
I have a couple BB's shirts in ESF, and they fit well everywhere except around my arms. I could fit another arm down each sleeve. Anyone had just the sleeves taken in before? Knowing my tailor, she'll try and convince me they're fine..Also, I wear J.Crew XS slim and BB 14.5/32, shirts, I want to try Uniqlo because I'm broke now- slim XS make the most sense? I'm ~16.5" shoulders, 35" chest
J Crew slim and Uniqlo slim are fairly comparable IMO so yeah, I'd stay with XS. I'm a 38 chest and wear small in both, if that helps. .Taking in the sleeves a bit is totally doable, but if the armholes end up being huge in relationship to the tailored sleeve, it may end up looking a bit odd. 
Do OCDB's go well with Jeans and Desert Boots?.Going out tomorrow night and I will be wearing these
Yes. 
Yes. 
your first link doesnt really go to anything and your third link just goes to the levis page..but yea those all go fine together, its pretty much what the mfa uniform used to be minus a v-neck sweater/peacoat
Apologies on the links, sorted the boots link but im not sure why the OCDB link is not working correctly..Also thanks for the response, only asked because I mainly been seeing OCDB's with chinos.
yea its a simple look and not hard to pull of provided fit is on point.
It was the mfa uniform.
Looking for a more casual and less dressed button up/ocbd to wear with these shorts: .looking to around $30 or less, any suggestions? 
Uniqlo slim fit
They dont ship to where I live
yeah that looks like a dress shirt.uniqlo has ocbds for ~$30
Uniqlo doesn't ship to the Great White North :( 
What are your best under shirts (crews, Vs, tanks)? I don't like spending a lot on them, but I'm sick of things getting dingy, stretched, warped and generally trashed in just a few uses. Tips on making them last are also appreciated.
uniqlo airism
i just use hanes as undershirts. i know american apparel and uniqlo get #hyped a lot around here as being good for basics like shirts. .my main tip is to wash them in warm water, not hot, and not to use to much detergent. also get more shirts so you dont have to wash them as frequently
Yea, I usually go for the Hanes or Fruit of the Loom, whichever is a better deal at the time...glad that they both went tagless. Thanks for the advice on the washing...do you ever use bleach? I do, and I think that may be degrading the fibers a bit. 
i dont use bleach that might have something to do with it but im not a clothing care expert
Well, you better get on in then!

wow
How do Pointer Brand chore coats run? Large, small, or perfect fit? Any advice on what size I should order (probably a XS or S) if I wear an XS in gap ocbd's and an XS in gap t's? 
they generally run large, but gravyfish more or less covered their sizing
My XS PCC is 19" in the chest and fits my 16.5" shoulders really well. I'm 5'7", 130lbs, and it fits perfectly. If you're any bigger than I am, the XS will be tight. I'm impressed at how TTS it is. Gap XS stuff is a little big on me.
[deleted]
brown boots.
it depends on your wardrobe.do you dress monochrome black and white or are your clothing colors more varied?
[deleted]
i'd go with the brown boots then.unless you dress in exclusively greyscale, the brown will be more versatile
I swear this was posted before, but does anybody have the white t-shirt guide/list lying around somewhere? I'm in the market for one but I can't seem to find it.
Like a list of how different brands fit and recs for white tees? Not sure if I've seen one but Hanes slim are my go to
What is the MFA opinion on overdyed oxfords like . and any other recommendations for where to find good ones for sub $75?
uniqlo, maybe j. crew if they have a promotion which i believe they do for today only
Hope I'm not too late -
Been looking for a casual jacket, would prefer something not long like a peacoat, here's a style 
Very needed advice, does a dark grey suit jacket work with skinny khaki pants? I don't have enough to get suit pants, but to me try look nice as a combo. But, I may just e hopeful. 
dont wear an orphaned suit jacket, get a blazer or grey slacks.
Short guy wants to wear a casual button-down shirt with shorts. Tuck-in or leave untucked?
If casual, most of the times go with untucked
Where to find cool plaid button-up shirts around $75?.I really like . . and others by Gitman Vintage but I'm looking for some cheaper
check j. crew maybe
should i cop these? im more used to converse and do not how versatile these are? 
These are versatile. I say cop.
cop blazers are p nice
I hope I'm not too late to the thread. But I recently went shopping on two different days, and foolishly bought (on separate days) new sneakers and shorts who have nearly the same pattern. Would it look gimmicky/weird to wear both of them simultaneously?.Pic: 
Yea, they look too similar and would come off as matchy matchy. 
yea sorry fam they both look good separately but together i think theyd look weird
Thank you, I guess I knew but wanted it confirmed. haha
Thank you for the fast reply! 
glad to help
Do you iron the center back pleat of a shirt all the way down? In the guides I googled it said to go around but in pictures and lookbooks the pleat is ironed all the way through. I'm getting mixed messages here.
When I even bother to iron I never do it more than a few inches. If you get them pressed professionally it will probably be all of the way down.
so it's a.... nyes.
A "don't worry about, do whatever you want". NB: I am wearing a jacket or cardigan 75% of the time so I care less about what the back of my shirt looks like. But unless you're going for an ultra-tidy look, not having it ironed very far isn't going to detract.
SNS Herning sweater sizing? I am 41-42 chest 33-34 waist. 6'1" 185lb.

Anyone know if Red Wing makes the Iron Rangers or Beckman in the color black AND 2E/W (wide)? Been trying to get a nice pair of black boots for ages. Saw a pair of Heritage 8165 on the Clymb sale that comes in wide and black, but really not feeling the white soles.
they make black IRs and beckmans
Yes...but I'm looking for them in wide.
oh oops
Can anyone recommend an OCBD not made in a developing country that is a lighter blue, has a box pleat on the back, and no darts (locker loop would be nice, but I'm not that picky ;P)? I've looked at BB, GBV, Epaulet, and a few others that I seem to have forgotten, but I've run out of brands to explore.
Pretty sure BB has a pleat...?
Although I can't find a picture to verify at the moment, you're probably right. I'm just not a huge fan of the color of the BB one. It's quite dark from what I can tell. I'm actually leaning a bit further towards the GBV since I posted my initial question (it has all the features I want, but I'm just being picky about the color), but I'm definitely open to other suggestions regarding where to search.
Ratio.Taylor Stitch.New England Shirt Co.Lumina Clothing.Ledbury?.Edit: Wolf vs Goat. .Gant Rugger. 
Thanks!
Where can I buy American flag shorts? I know Bonobos and Chubbies have them.
What kind of layering can you do in the summer? Do I have to keep it simple with just a shirt/crew/polo? I really don't like polos
I'm looking for some casual shoes to wear with shorts and my blue chinos, I was thinking these.Oxfords in maybe a light suede would be nice too, can anyone recommend some cheap (~$100) oxfords? 
Would a Levi's Slim Fit trucker jacket in Rigid (dark dark color) be okay with a casual button down and tie?
a tie with that is very tumblrcore #menswear so take that as you will.i think the trucker + bd is pretty solid as is. the tie might detract from it all, but if you want to try a tie i would go with a more casual tie like a knit or linen
Yeah I was thinking if a knit tie would work. Thanks for responding. 
So what's with the general preference these days for slimmer-fitting pants? I have gotten a pair of fairly slim-fit orange chinos which I just love and am wearing with everything; but I also like stuff that's a bit broader around the ankles. Is this just a stylistic thing or is there an aesthetic reason behind how it makes the leg look? Dudes in the 70s fairly rocked the broader trousers. Is there a way to make it work nowadays?
One of the problems with straight-leg pants is the way they drape below the knee. As the owner of jeans that are basically straight from the knee down, I get around it by cuffing them so there is little to no break, and I find they don't suffer from the floppy ankles problem that usually draws fire..Straight leg is fine, just don't expect stacks to be your friend.
nothin wrong with straight leg jeans with boots for like a kind of rugged/workwear look, but bell-bottoms/bootcuts are absolutely disgusting..but right now slimmer, well-fitting pants are in. who knows what'll be in style 10 or even 20 years down the road, but right now people think they look better.
Looking for a mid-tier maroon/dark red sweatshirt. Budget probably up to $150. Read the sweatshirt guide, but having trouble finding something to my liking, any suggestions?

Thanks! A cotton/silk blend wasn't exactly what I was expecting, do you know how it feels/holds up or anything?
I've honestly never handled an OL silk blend sweat before, although I would assume that they're smoother in texture & lighter due to the silk and being that it's from the S/S collection. .Our legacy is due to release their new F/W collection anyday now, so I would keep an eye out for that. 
Can I get some advice on what size to order for some 511s?  I wear a 32 in dockers alphas and a 31 in 508s.  I'm looking to get the rigid dragon style and noticed a lot of people said they shrink a lot once washed.  Would a size 34 work?
How do I make cuffs look good on jeans with relatively large openings around the ankle? My thighs are large so my jeans are not tight around my calves, so when I cuff them they look too big/baggy/messy. 
its kind of hard to make cuffs look good with a large leg opening, you could try pinrolling them but it depends on the leg opening.
I've never heard of that before, but I'll give it a try. Thanks!
Where can I find cheap bomber jackets? I'm really not that familiar with prices of jackets, and anything upwards of $75 USD just seems ridiculous. 
asos has some, h&m will probably bring some in for f/w. note that these will probably be poor quality.
Thanks! Does h&m ship to us? 
No, but there should be one in your typical mall right? 
Not where I live, small town and the biggest store we have is a teeny little GAP. There is an H&M about 100 miles away, I might make a run there soon as I've heard they have great stuff. 
Can anyone post rigid Levi's 511 fit pics?
If you head over to ., one of the top posts is a link to an article about rigid 511s. Sorry, I'd link but I can't figure out how to do it on my phone.
okau thanks
I have $350 to buy a pair of boots for an 8-month hiking/farming/exploration journey through South Africa, India, Thailand, Cambodia, Ecuador and Peru. We'll be doing plenty of walking, some hiking and farm work, visiting larger cities, etc..Would Red Wings/1000 Miles be good choices for this? If not, what would? I'm a size 9D judging by my fit at Nordstrom yesterday. Thank you!
There are two minds about this- on one hand, boots made the old-fashioned way, with good leather, will hold up well in most conditions. But for farm work, I'd as soon have something ugly and extremely durable, with a good vibram sole. Personally, I'd be looking at more modern work boots that worry less about style for that sort of adventure.
Thanks for your advice! I'm going to keep looking at the Traveler Beckmans, as they have a nice rugged sole, and maybe buy a pair of cheap Colemans for the farm work. Thank you!
No problem man, sounds like you've got a handle on things. I spent the 4th with a buddy of mine who manages a dairy farm, and we spent some time in the pastures. I mucked around for about an hour, and I spent about half that amount of time getting the mud off of my Chippewa boots. I'm sure you'll be happy to have a pair you don't love when you're out on the farm.
Is natural beeswax okay for my new Red Wing 875's?
Where can I get chinos pants that fit like Levis 511 jeans?.Also, do patagonia stand ups (7 inch inseam) go on sale?
Dockers Alphas are pretty close, although a bit slimmer in the calves.
Levis makes 511 chinos
Hey guys, I have 2 weddings to attend this month. I'm only a guest in each. I do not own a suit nor do I have the budget this month to purchase a suit. What are some alternatives to a suit to wear to a wedding? Neither are overly formal affairs. The first is a friend of my girlfriends, the 2nd is my cousins wedding. 
Looking to stock up on jeans for the fall. I'm a Levi's guy, and I typically wear 514 -- which up until last year was their "slim straight" fit and now is just "straight" -- and I have a pair of their 513's, which are noticeably slimmer on me. Ido a lot of heavy lifting as a workout regimen, so my ass and thighs aren't gonna get any smaller, i.e., I cannot go slimmer than the 513's. That being said, I'm looking to get a different not-so-snug style. In your experience, how do the original 501's look? Not worried about quality, and Levi's has been reliable in the past. Is the leg too baggy because of the "regular fit"? Any other styles I should look at?
The cut of the 514s hasn't changed any, just the labeling.
501 look okay, especially if you have big legs. Though to be honest it'll depend on the individual.
Can someone give me a huge list of color schemes that do not work? Because I guess wearing purple and olive green make me look like the hulk.
Colors across from each other on the . are pretty much a definite no, unless you're working with subtle shades of each color.
So do olive green and purple not work together because they aren't touching on the color wheel? Or because it reminds people of the hulk? I'm genuinely interested because I'm getting a fair amount of down votes in today's WAYWT thread, but am getting no feedback other than I look like an eggplant and the hulk, which isn't helping me. To me it looks fine, but I guess to many others it doesn't.
does it matter? social connotations of colors are important, maybe more important than technical color theory.
Which is quite interesting and I completely understand. Personally, I'd like to possibly see a section of that added to the "Understanding Color" guide as I think it's something that people should at least know about or give thought to, because I didn't until today (other than the basic red and yellow and black and yellow combinations)..I mean, the last thing I thought about when I put on olive and purple today was the Hulk, but I'll probably never wear those colors again due to what people associate it with.
The color wheel isn't what dictates or makes up the "rule" for which colors don't go together and which do. It's just a visual way to show relationships between colors. The colors opposite each other are the ones that create the most contrast. It's like pairing black with white. Since they're so . from each other the effect doesn't work well in most types of outfits. .However, I just looked at your outfit post and I think it works. Why? because each color isn't the fully saturated version of their color. The green isn't a bright green and the purple isn't a bright green, instead they're pretty desaturated which makes them work well in that context. They don't have the jarring contrast like on the color wheel..People just associate color combos with things. If someone's critique is only that the colors look like hulk, don't listen to them.
Interesting, and thank you for your response. I may need to look into and learn about colors more as they really are a vital part of every outfit.
I wouldn't worry about it . much. Most of it's really just intuition that you develop over time.
What can I do about shirts that fit everywhere but the hip? (The shirt below the last button splits a bit) I've starting going to the gym to do cardio and squats and the like.
Buy shirts that fit larger and tailor them down.
What should I wear or what would look good with with .? Just wondering what you think from . seeing the shirts..Since you can't see a couple of the shirts well, the top left one is a striped navy blue v-neck and the top right is a plain navy blue v-neck. I also have a bunch of plain colored t-shirts.
i wouldnt wear the bottom three and the top middle, the graphics are unappealing. the top left and top right could work with khaki, olive, or light blue shorts.
They all scream "I define myself by my interests and popular culture references" pretty loudly.
I'm 18 years old, so yeah. :p
Throw some jeans and trainers at them and you'll be fine. Not a lot interesting you can do with black popular culture graphic t-shirts really.
I am looking for a pair of nice $100-150ish oxford shoes. I just got a new job where dress is casual to business casual, but that still requires some decent shoes I'm guessing. Does anyone have any recommendations?  
Florsheim or ebay Allen Edmonds
Hi! I recently bought some AE Strands. The Brannock device got me at 7.5D exact. It was after a day on my feet. Everything felt great at the store. Now, I feel like my left foot is collapsing onto the arch portion of the shoe. It's uncomfortable..Question: Is this foot incompatibility with the 5 last? Did I get the wrong size? Suck it up and wait for it to break in and stretch out?
They're very narrow shoes. I'm exactly a  8D on the Brannock, and it took a while for my Strands to feel like they fit. I think it will just take some time.
Thanks for the response! I was nervous about waiting too long for returns or what-not (i.e. wear and tear). I've also slightly delayed getting shoe trees and other care products.
Yeah, you'll be okay dude. They're good shoes, so you'll have time to get your supplies together.
Finally got myself a pair of Clarks leather (not suede) chukka desert boots and couldn't be more pleased.  My questions:  how do i care for them? should i spray any kind of protector on them or use shoe horns or anything in particular?  .Also, Ive always only worn low cut socks with all my nikes and such up until now, with the boots, they dont work.  Where do you guys recommend getting a good number of patterned/black dressish socks on the cheap?  Thanks
Obenauf's will keep them conditioned and waterproof, just keep in mind you don't have to go nuts with the the stuff. Shoe trees will help them keep their shape and keep them dry, plus they'll smell like cedar, but are not an absolute must..I get Gold Toe socks at Costco. A lot of people swear by good socks, though, so if you have the money it's worth investing in something nicer. But if toupee broke, like me, Gold Toe is hard to beat in bang for your buck.
Just ordered a pair of Red Wings Iron Rangers. What should I do to take care of the boots/maintain them?

Thanks!
I wear an 11 in Brooks running shoes and 10.5 L.L. Bean camp mocs, what size would I be in NB 574s? I know I'm not a 12, but I'm not sure if I should go 11 or size up or down a half size from there.
My retired brooks running shoes are a size 11, vans authentics are 10.5, NB 420 is 11, NB 565 is 10.5 and NB 574 is 10. They didn't have the 565 in 11 and they only had the 574 in size 10 so I don't know for sure. I could have sized up at least a half size in the 565 and 574 though. Order them TTS on zappos and return them/try them on at the store and get the pair that you want.
awesome, thank you.
Just wondering what MFA recommends in terms of Harrington Jackets. i've heard that Fred Perry's Harrington is quite good, and i have no issue with forking out the $150. What do you recommend?
I have this one and it is amazing, hard to find now though.

Besides multiple-color choices and lack of epaulets what's the difference between a harrington and a navy officer shell?
The Harris Tweed one is chill too
I've tried these on. Incredible.
That button is under the most stress usually and the horizontal hole helps it distribute the stress, I think.
Best quality grey crewneck sweater I can get for ~50? I've been looking but I want some more opinions. .EDIT: extra credit! best hidden gem on Steam Summer Sale?
If you like puzzle platformers "Thomas Was Alone" is very enjoyable.
From what I've heard, American Giant is good stuff but you need to size down. Also try ebay for some of the nicer brands like Reigning Champ. .You missed in my opinion the best deal last night: flash sale for the best game of the decade, dark souls for $7.49.
levi's can be had for 20..bastion and hotline miami if you haven't yet.
Hotline miami's soundtrack is a hit record to me.  If you don't care about the game at least listen to the soundtrack.
[deleted]
Thanks Dan Kang. 
Uniqlo, champion, goodwear. 

If you act real quick, Civ 5: Brave New World which was just released like 2 days ago is 33% off.On that note, Civ 5 Gold (with all the other DLC) is $12
I bought it the day it was released at full price. Damn it. 
Got Civ 5 Gold this morning, best cop of the week. Also friend gifted me ARMA 2 for DayZ. Game's so hard
I need a cheap parka for the impending winter. I've never even seen snow before so this is all new to me. I'd prefer real fur/no fur to fake fur since I hear fake fur looks bad and freezes. Let me know what kind of prices I'm working with, etc. Are jeans sufficient for cold shit? Are long johns normal? Should I get wool pants lined to the knees? 
what kind of winter is it? like virginia winter? ohio winter? minnesota winter? canada winter? all those will be sorta different
Chicago
buy my uu parka in september
k i actually will.still have the UC bomber?
Got measurements on the up parka? Sleeve length from shoulder seems? Shoulder to shoulder?
no it's all the way back home in nz
ok, you can probably wear jeans. depending on what you're doing I usually just suffer outside a bit so that I'm comfortable inside. If I'm going to be outside for a long period of time I usually wear underarmor type stuff to keep myself warm
I would suggest looking at a surplus store for some cold weather parkas. They can be some seriously warm stuff,  and are inexpensive given the quality and durability of what you're buying. Long johns are normal everywhere cold,  and are likely essential in Chicago. Ll Bean makes some cold weather base layers that would likely serve you well. Buy thick wool (wool makes all the difference) socks,  and don't skimp on your books. 
nah sold it
Dang what size is the uu
small
fit a 36/46?
yup
Where are you going to be/ what kind of winter will you be dealing with? Whether there is sleet and freezing rain or just shit tons of snow could make a difference. You could look at LL Bean, Lands End, or Eddie Bauer for warm, relatively inexpensive parkas. .Be aware, however, that the key to stay warm and dry is layering. The heat that the clothing traps from your body is what keeps you warm. The more layers of air trapped, the warmer you will be, and your outfit will be more versatile for changing weather conditions. .As an outer layer, "breathable" waterproof jackets are recommended (which could include an unlined Gore-Tex parka. You could use a soft shell jacket, but these are only water resistant and won't protect you during long showers. Underneath that, merino wool is a fabulous insulator for its weight and you could look at lighter down or synthetic jackets for really cold days. .Let me know if you have any questions!
Long thermal underwear will be your best friend no matter what you're wearing.
I know MFA doesn't approve whatsoever, but if you're really going for function then layer a long sleeve fleece (potentially with a high neck) under a waterproof/windproof coat. My fleece is warmer than my long wool blanket lined coat.
dude, fleeces are awesome. I'm going to repping them here and IRL all fall/winter long.
Lands End has some in their clearance section, including a . that is in stock in every size except medium.  Not a great discount there right now, but there should be in the next few weeks.  They also have some cheaper ones . and ...I wore a LE peacoat all of last winter in Chicago, but I'm also from here, so I'm use to cold.  I never wear long johns when I'm going to be going inside after a commute.  If I'm going to work outside for a while, I'll wear long johns.  Heavier denim helps a lot, but I also just wear the same chinos I wear while it's warm out..I would say it is more important to have a good hat and scarf than long johns.  It also might be helpful to get a coat that is a little longer to cover your legs more, like . or ..
TYTY, do you think layering a heattech long sleeve, sweater/hoodie, and peacoat or parka would be adequate for keeping the top warm? I really have 0 idea what I'm working with here. I'm going to look into some down coats or the Uniqlo ones since they're cheap. I'll also hit up Goodwills and all that once I get there. 
I don't have any experience with the heattech, but I would think what you describe would be fine unless you are walking miles and it is really cold that day..I tend to wear an undershirt, a button down shirt, a sweater, and my peacoat with my scarf around my neck and a hat.  For reference, this was for walking about half a mile in the Loop (including past the Sears Tower, which always seems to be a really windy area)..Keep in mind that if you're doing a lot of walking you'll also produce more body heat, which will help, but can also lead to sweating.  I always have problems with sweating and overheating or looking like I ran a mile if I wear a cotton sweater, but not with a wool sweater because they breath much better.
tytyty sounds like it may not be all that complicated
Chicago winters are serious, especially if you're not used to cold temperatures. You'll probably be cold in jeans, and although it's not strictly necessary to add another layer I'd do it. The main thing that makes Chicago so harsh in the winter is the wind, so go for a coat that will deal with wind well. And layers will help a ton.

The black socks are hideous.
Upgrading to the Burglyfe, cop or not?
Cop. I own both. The old lady loves them. Bitches love they burgers (except the vegan ones) 
Haha I got these. So sick
cop and a half
Delicious.
I think you go for basic prep.  White/navy shorts, brown belt, pastel button down. boom.
I have a lot of plaid shorts. Would that be a no no?
Nah, I think they'd be fine with a solid top.  Basic idea is to just keep visual noise down, cause the shoes are on the louder side of things.  
Right. Thanks. I swear this is my favorite sub. Y'all are actually nice on here. 
We do our best. 
Bright colors/pastels. Prep look.
Don't match the green unless it's a minor color in a madras shirt.
I don't think you need to put much effort on match these boat shoes. You cant really screw things up with simple outfit..  But personally i would go with simple white shirt and shorts. Or maybe striped tshirt.
Makes sense. Any colors that it shouldn't go with ?
More green in the same shade off the sole/laces. 
I know Uniqlo's collab with Michael Bastian had a polo with Shiba Inus 
For the price of $1829231.00
too bad they fit like tents
I'm glad BB is upping their game. I still prefer to get my suits from Indochino. They have better prices, great construction, custom tailoring and a budget for adjustments at your preferred tailor once it arrives.
Forgot to mention I have both BB and Indochino suits. I usually go for my Indochino first for work/play.
it's nice to see that they made it online, but i prefer to get my shirts made at a physical brooks brothers store.  i'd rather have them measure me and we can discuss what direction we want to go.  fabric swatches are better to look and feel through a book than the screen..also, if you have a relationship with the representative there, they will hook you up or you can wait for when they have "buy three, get one free" deals. 
One main advantage of this, in my opinion, is that you have access to a wider range of sizes than I can find on RTW on the site. As a 36S, the inability to find my size 95 times out of 100 has generally been what discouraged me from ordering from Brooks Brothers. (I'm aware you can get custom sizing in-store, but I'm not at all close to a Brooks Brothers store.)
I got really excited when I saw back pleat options on the shirts.  Then i realized you cant actually get an extra-slim fit oxford with side or no pleats, because they dont offer solid color oxford cloth in the customizable shirts.
sweet! customer shirt! check cost..... only $267..Guess that's not happening
This is merely the illusion of choice.
Now all I need is 7338922000 dollars
If only I had this 3 months ago when I was looking to buy a 39L suit that is actually slim. This will be great for the future!
The shirt I designed was $417.  Yikes.  If this is what you have to wear to be considered fashionable, I should just give up now.  
How much are they?
$648 for 100% wool, $548 for cotton blends.
$650
Oh great, if only I could afford one.
Always has been an option with the same price in stores, called Suiting Essentials.  Cool to see an online interface for it available directly to customers.  But don't be fooled, you'll still have to get it tailored a little once it arrives.  I have 2 already and the tailoring was about $30 in store.
You guys think they'd make one for a lady?
Check out .. They specialize in woman's suits in men's cuts.
Doubtful, considering these are "custom" but not necessarily made to measure. All you're really doing is specifying the details like fabrics and pocket style. The actual sizing is standard.
Where are these made?
Brooks Brothers has always been a good company. Very durable and good looking suits, I'm happy with my purchase.
Is that seriously the appropriate amount of break on the Madison suit. The conservative look is not my thing but I see a lot of those types walking around looking silly with the bottoms of their trousers flapping with every step.
To me it looks too big. But I'm fairly sure American suits have always been more boxy than the English/Italian designs I'm used to seeing.
"I custom made your suit, bitch"
Jesse?
Anybody has any idea how it is done? It is an amazing piece of software, but which one?.And looks like I just ordered a suit too. As someone who's not satisfied with Indochino at all, maybe these ones would be better. Honestly though, I just bought it for this designer!
How much does a "well equipped" one cost? 
It doesn't seem like any of the options add to the price. They're all around $650.
I thought every store did this already. The one in Austin, TX, definitely does. It's still nice to see BB offering it online.
Doesn't hurt to ask but, seeing that measuring a suit for a man and woman are totally different, I wouldn't be surprised if they say no.
Likely Thailand, judging by the price.
There's an entire village in Vietnam, Hoi An, where you can have anything you want designed, fitted and otherwise totally customized. 2 days tops, go back once for a re-sizing and adjustment, and voila. Shirts, shoes, suits, shorts, anything. Rock bottom prices as well. That being said, I'm not necessarily comparing the quality of material/construction to Brooks Brothers here, just sayin' your comment reminded me of this place. I had nice stuff tailored to fit (and choice of fabrics/patterns) the first time I was there and it's held up pretty well.
Did Top Gear (UK) Go their and get really flamboyantly awesome suits 
Yes. That Top Gear episode is one of the reasons my friends and I decided to add Vietnam to one of our Southeast Asia trips.
Really What where the prices like. I would love to go one day. but i would have to factor in Air Travel.
We travelled there in conjunction with visiting Cambodia, and flew in from China originally, so the flights were super cheap. I don't know that flying direct to Hanoi from the West is particularly cheap, however. It would be best to bundle it into at least one other country -- Thailand or Cambodia or China, likely -- to get the best bang for your buck, as flights within the region are infinitely cheaper than going in from an international flight. Once there however, it's very cheap to both eat, sleep, and travel around. Having stuff made is also incredibly cheap. Check out this . for more details and approximate pricing on what the author paid.
And it doesn't require Flash.  Shit yes.
These are less expensive than the RTW versions, and are 100% wool, unlike the BrooksCool line. It's only slightly more expensive than Suitsupply, especially if the corporate discount applies..What am I missing?
Probably made in Thailand (like their Suiting Essentials line, which is priced similarly). 
Which isn't necessarily something to be concerned about (not that you said that it is). Obviously I can't speak to these specific suits, but their Suiting Essentials stuff is solid for the price.
Does that mean fused? I care more about construction than origin.
These suits feature half canvas construction.
saweet
So it's the same price as going into the store and being fully measured and with fewer options?
Yes. And lower quality.
Decent price for being able to customize. 
Oh wow you wernt joking. I thought it was gonna be like 2k
Still $200+ to customize a shirt.That's probably a normal price for custom though.
i just cross my fingers when i go in a store and hope they have close to the combination i'm looking for..
It depends on where you get it. I just got one for $100 from propercloth.
And a shirt from Proper Cloth will absolutely fit better.
I don't think you understand what the word "custom" means.
BB isn't giving any custom dimensions on the shirts.  They just offer the standard collar sizes and sleeve lengths.  No custom measurements for chest, waist, shoulders, shirt length, sleeve width, etc..BB extra slim shirts are too baggy for me off the rack.  The custom option offers no way to correct that.
Their shirts actually have decent sizing information (but not as detailed as something like Uniqlo or Charles Tyrwhitt) so you can assume that they "custom" shirts are the same as their regular dress shirts but with custom design... in other words, NOT custom measurements.  Which sucks..But their suits... can't find anything about their sizing.  It's really stupid.
I don't see any options besides their standard fits. None of these would fit me at all.
Are you, by any chance, a skeleton?
Just tall. And maybe slightly a skeleton. 
Are they correct in the neck? Or are you trying too large a size? Their salesmen often suggest sizing up 1/2" when they measure you, so maybe you just need to bump down a size 
Smallest men's size is too large for me (except for the collar, which fits about right).
I was in the midst of ordering an indochino suit, saw this and canceled. 
The suit is the made to order Suiting Essentials line. It's a great value because you can customize it, but not great quality..I have owned one for a couple years and I probably would not buy one again. 
I was considering indochino, but then went with Black Lapel, and the suit I got fit really well. Just another option you can consider.
maybe someone who's a bit more active here can correct me, but i've never seen a black lapel album before. We'd love to see how your suit fits. 
I posted a review of Black Lapel a while ago, took some time to take nice photos, and got called a corporate shill and downvoted. -shrug- ohwell, . if you're interested!  
Well, these aren't made to measure, so it's a bit different. You are buying off the rack suiting with your specifications; it's a bit different.
Unless you are positive that BB will fit you well (at least where it counts, pre-tailoring), I might reconsider Indochino.  .I just went through the BB site, and with all the customization of the suit, the actual sizing information is fucking terrible.  No numbers at all, just descriptions of the cut.
I mean there's not sizing where you put in all your measurements. But at the end when you put it in your cart you pick your standard jacket size and trouser size and they tell you it all comes unfinished so you can get it tailored. 
I still want to know what their measurements are for a size 42 jacket.  I can almost guarantee you it's not 42" (thanks, vanity sizing).  And what if you fuck up the shoulder size?  You're screwed.
As I mentioned in a another comment the beauty of this is that you can walk into a BB brick and mortar store and try all these on. (hemmed of course). 
Unfortunately that's not an option for everyone.  I'd wager that very few people are within an hour's drive of a store.  And by very few I'd guess between 10-25% of the BB target demographic.
"customize your suit online"."comes uncustomized, please tailor"
Yeah, I think people are forgetting that this customization from Brooks Brothers is strictly cosmetic.  It has nothing to do with the cut or fit..This is not a replacement for M2M services.
Brooks Brothers has always had MTM, in-store, at a higher price.  .But as you say, what everyone is talking about here is different.
Are BB stores really that few and far between? I live in a smaller city (about 250k population) and we have one. I can think of at least two others within an hour drive also. 
Well I'm in DC now where I'm sure they have one, but the only BB store that was around my old city was an outlet store at a giant outlet mall..I just don't think that having a B&M presence is an excuse for not giving out fit information on your website.
Haha wow, 250k is smaller? I thought my 20k city was big! 
I'm just curious, but why? Im debating ordering an Indochino suit because I like the level of customization, especially since I'm tall and thin. it seems like the brooks brothers suit is less customizable, not to mention in a different price bracket entirely, especially since they doesn't offer the $75 tailoring credit. I understand the "name on the label" concept.. and I've got the money to go either way myself. Maybe you can help convince me on the brooks bros suit? I just wonder if it can possibly surpass the fit of a made-to-measure suit from indochino
I'm tall as well 6'10 about 265 as well, so I feel you. I have a good amount of brooks brothers stuff; I love their non-iron sport shirts. The XL Talls fit me perfectly. Also quality, Indochino is unknown at best, and from some of the comments, poor at worst. With BB I know I'm getting high quality and I can walk into my local BB and try on the sizes right before I order and try on the different cuts (there are four, well three really since Madison is for fat old guys). With Indochino I feel like I'd be shooting at a mosquito with a shotgun; with BB I'm at least using a flyswatter. 
I got measured by indochino traveling tailors, and my suit didn't fit at all. Shirt was too big while the suit was too small (how does that happen?). The sleeves were different lengths too. Had to have it remade, and then still had to have it tailored (and the credit doesn't apply to remakes) 
MY first Indochino needed a remake on the jacket. Contacting customer support and calmly letting them know my situation was all it took for them to rectify the situation and up my adjustment quote.
The first one was beyond what my tailor could fix, since it was too small in several dimensions. The second one still needed some alterations, but I was informed by customer support that remakes are ineligible for the tailor credit, and the best they could do was a rebate towards a future purchase. 
I got measured by an indochino traveling tailor and it seemed like they didn't know anything about how to measure me.  The guy said he was just hired from a temp agency and trained in an hour.
I went in NYC, I would guess that they were fashion students, since they wouldn't need much training, and he seemed to know some basic stuff. There was a 'supervisor' who confirmed the measurements. But obviously not experienced tailors. 
Indochino has been documented, here as well as on other fashion forums, as having poor fit issues even after taking your measurements. In some cases, the fit issues persist after jacket restructuring or new measurements, for example. I believe there are some examples here if you search for them. People will often recommend other MTM suit makers around here.
protip: your first order from indochino should be a shirt, because it will never be perfect the first time.  after you get that, you know how to adjust and then you can try for a suit.  .if you can get the jacket to fit on the chest and shoulders, everything else can be fixed pretty easily.  i ordered a suit from indochino last fall, its the best fitting suit i have.  probably because i had ordered several shirts from them before.
I went to an Indochino pop-up store to get measured. I got measured by a very attractive young woman in a black dress who evidently had been taught how to measure the day before. 
What MTM suit makers are rec'd instead?
Yes, I really believe [Black Lapel](.) is a much better quality, and more detailed online suiting company compared to Indochino. It just seems like a more solid of a company and the reviews say that Black Lapel is able to provide "Flawless fit" which is much more dependable than Indochino's fit.
Almost every indochino suit that gets posted looks awful. Even after people send them back for a remake, problems usually persist. In the best of cases they seem to have absurdly low armholes..I honestly think people are much better off spending just a little more on an OTR suit from Suit Supply or Brooks Brothers and getting it altered to fit than going through hoops with a cheap MTM site.
I was quite satisfied with my Indochino midnight blue tux (I got many compliments!). Though in fairness, I later bought a sharkskin suit that didn't come out nearly as good, and is currently being remade. I would say they are hit or miss.
I checked it out and you're right, that does look great. By far the best indochino fit I've seen..Although it may just be the picture, the armholes still look really low, though.
My tuxedo specifically, or in general? Perhaps I got lucky.
Make a thread when you get it. This sub would love it.
Mark my words. I will deliver. Probably won't purchase til' end of july because it's gonna be more expensive, but well worth it. 
Totally worth it when the suit fits perfectly.
Write a detailed review, I'd love to hear about quality.
Only way to do it is wear them.  They'll break in over time for sure..I've never owned the canvas ones doe, so maybe they're less comfortable.
For canvas, I would soak them in warm water and then leave them to dry overnight, or wear them until they dry, at which point they would mold to your feet..pretty much the same for leather boat shoes as well.
Yeah i bought my first pair of topsiders back in MAy. 
took maybe less than two weeks to break?! you just have to wear them honestly. embrace the pain. it does suck but i love the look so what evvvverrrrr
Mine took one day to break in.
The 'break in' process is as much about your feet as it is the shoe. It may be uncomfortable for a while, but wearing them is the only way to insure that they'll be comfortable eventually. 
Yay :[
Blister bandages are your friend. 
Just wear 'em, it doesn't take long, after about a week I broke in my suede ones. They did cut up the bottom part of my ankle/top of my left heel but that might be because my left foot is a 1/2 size smaller than my right.
Man I hope I didn't fuck myself not buying leather, but I don't know how I feel about leather shoes for casual wear in 110 degree summers :/
I wear my leather A/O's in the heat all the time.  They're more breathable than you'd expect.
Agreed, far more breathable than my canvas vans.
Oh really? I'm noob to these kinds of kicks. The rest of my clothes modernized, but I stuck with the high top skate shoes of yesteryear. Osiris NEVER FORGET! 
Haha, I feel ya. I used to rock some real obnoxious DCs back in the day. .Complain about looks all you want, but skate shoes are maximum comfy. 
Abbbsolutely. DCs, Osiris and Adio. My brands :D I had the adio's with the little heartagram on the tongue. Ughhhhh I thought I was so cool lol
Abercrombie Polos all throughout highschool, nothing else.
I can dig something up for this.
I don't have a picture readily available, but I used to wear clothes that were way too big- like large or XL big. Now, I wear a medium or small in some instances (I'm just under 6 foot and ~165 pounds)..I think a lot of this stemmed from me being chubby in my earlier days. I would wear baggy stuff but never noticed that I could be a lot "better looking" by wearing fitting clothes. I cringe when I think of the fact that this carried on until I was nearly 20 :/
Back in high school I used to rock a black pinstripe fedora + brown oversized DC hoodie + beat to shit acid wash jeans + heinous Osiris skate shoes err'day..Shit was nasty.
Today I wore khakis and a green tee. I was just out to pick up some toilet paper but I still felt a little weird in line. Oh well, I'm still new to this MFA thing.
So should I bust out my cargo shorts for this one?
What kind of store wouldn't let you return them if they had to order them in? Unless you're getting a ridiculous deal go somewhere else..Hell, Allen Edmonds website has free shipping and free returns. Cut out the middle man.
I'm exactly the same shoe size as you and 8E worked out to be my preferred size in that last (PA/Strand/etc).
A shitty one - salesman was super pushy, etc. which is why I went to the other store where they were much better, but didn't have park avenues..I'm in Canada so I have to pay $30 shipping + duties + return shipping if they don't fit.
Sorry for making an assumption about your location. That's rough then..As an alternate suggestion, do they have . shoes? They're all built on the same last as the Park Ave so you could ensure fit.
That's awesome to hear! Thanks
Did either store have any non Park Ave models in wide widths? While not foolproof, you could do some research on AE's site and look at which other models are made on the same last as the Park Ave and try those on to find your size, since they should fit similarly.
I believe they had the Fifth Avenue's, but not in my size. They said they would be getting a new shipment in a few weeks so maybe I'll have to check back.
Order from zappos just to get your size.
I believe Allen Edmonds is crafted in the U.S., so there should be no duties for shipping them between the U.S. and Canada. Shipping costs suck though. 
Was it a Harry Rosen? I suggest you find a smaller independent place. Most of them will price match, and even if they don't it's not that big if a markup. 
Yes it was. I went to an independent place but they didn't carry Park Avenue. They said they could bring them in potentially but trying to figure out sizing...
I would order direct.  I bought mine at an AE corporate store 8D strands.  They were tight, but I figured they would stretch out to fit.  They never did.  After 6 months, I brought it back to the store and they exchanged it for a brand new pair of 8E no questions asked.  Great customer service
Most of the time once they run out of stock and aren't restocking prices go up dramatically on eBay or and other site (If they're worth something). But if there's any resellers in your area there you could talk to them
What do you define as a reseller?
Anybody who buys shoes on release dates or while still in stock and makes a profit of of it because they're out of stock. If there's a sneaker boutique or any kind of local store that sells sneakers that's where you will most likely find help
Just a quick comment. But try not to get sucked in by name brands. Lacoste is not the best polo out there by any means, people just like it because they feel bourgy in them. Vineyard Vines is also not the best. .Just concentrate on fit and keep going through this subreddit to make sure you are making purchases you'll truly like..And Vans would almost always fit this style more than airmaxes would. 
I will always love LaCoste to death, but to be honest, their polos are a bit over priced. If you really want preppy/fratty nice tight polos check out Polo Ralph Lauren custom fit mesh polos. Those fit me so well. But if you don't like those, Brooks Brothers also has good slim fit polos for a good price if you catch them on sale. LaCoste has nice polos too, but I'm too skinny for them to fit as nicely as my PRL or BB polos..Also, don't just buy a brand name.  Like if LaCoste doesn't fit you well, people will think you look better in a cheaper polo that fits better.  Its nice to see a small LaCoste logo and it makes me feel good, but other people won't give two shits about it.  Find brands that fit.  I know that J. Crew shorts fit me well, but I found some Express shorts that fit even better, so I got those instead.  Express polos were too tight so I went and found ones that fit at BB or PRL.  I really like my LaCoste Dreyfuses, but I promise you that my Sperrys feel better and are more casual.  BB OCBDs didn't fit me (even their extra slim fit) so I found a few that did at JCF and got those.  .TL;DR look at fit over brand names.  Pretty much what the guy above me said
I love lacoste since 7th grade. But thanks, any suggestions for tees
dont get lacoste polos, they're not that great quality for the price. try uniqlo or j crew. same with vineyard vines, they're more frat than prep really. 
I love lacoste, no way. Ill look at ur brands to replace vineyard tho ty
your choice man but lacoste quality has gone way down
Has it? I didnt notice :/  they feel good to me
I tried on a lacoste yesterday and the material felt good, a bit thin though..MOP buttons and better stitching than just a top stitch like most brands..But the fit is so damn bad. I tried on an XXS slim fit and it was still gigantic.
yea thats the problem. material might be fine but if it fits you like a tent there's no point
I completely agree and VV has the same problem with fits too.
i mean if you like it thats all that counts, im just lettin you know m8
Thanks for the help. Kinda bummed vineyard vines is considered frat..but normal dont look this into brands amiright? Glad we can have a convo even with different views
i mean if you like VV thats ok. my brother wears it and it looks fine provided the fit is right, its just that their shirts are slightly oversized. but yea most people arent really concerned about brands unless you get "luxury" brands like burberry, gucci, chanel, etc. a lot of people think those brands are really nice because they're expensive, but thats not necessarily the case. but yea most people dont really care about brands, im just letting you know so you know.
I wouldn't say it's all frat...the stuff with small logos is fine. I've got a shirt that I love from there, great feeling fabric. .It's the tshirts that are very "frat". They've got HUGE logos (often even on the back) with the name printed below in large letters on the front and back. It's like shouting "bro! This is vineyard vines bro! BRO! Do you know how much I paid for this bro?" .If you can find tees with just a tiny logo, those would be fine. 
Thanks for the info, i do care about brands but im starting to mix styles...im interested in what brands u have
well im still building a wardrobe but i have a few things..i still have a few things on my list for fall that i want to get as you can see. also a lot of stuff on here is stuff that i used last year for running and for casual wear, which wasnt a good idea. probably my favorite brands are reigning champ, wings+horns, and norse projects. i dont have as big a wardrobe as some people, but im trying to make up for that by getting quality clothes..im not an expert at all on clothes, and im still learning like just about everyone else on the sub, so take everything i say with a grain of salt.
Some fairly preppy brands that I really like, and most people on mfa like, would be: wings and horns, APC, BB black fleece, band of outsiders, thom browne, unis, epaulet, gitman vintage, J.press, and all the higher-end Ralph Lauren lines. .Some good brands that are lower end (but still good): polo Ralph Lauren, j.crew, and brooks brothers.
I could see me wearing all that..i like new balances and janokowski, levis, pocket tees..and i have a northface jacket lol, but i also wear zubaz pants and airmaxs with vv tee haha

Not sure id call all of those truly "preppy", but they can be integrated into a preppy wardrobe easily enough and are good suggestions
Alright here's a common misconception for dressing prep: Brand name doesn't mean shit. The logos of clothing companies are the bane of prep. And you've picked probably the worst to build a wardrobe on..Brands do indicate some form of quality, however. A good website on the lifestyle and fashion of prep is muffyaldrich.com. .Every year Muffy will post a chart that will indicate whether preppy companies are still preppy. Known of the brands you listed has made the cut in the years since she has done this..Also you have to be selective for which items to get where. For example: LL Bean is great for Norwegian and Wool Sweaters and also their iconic bean boots. Brooks Brothers and Ralph Lauren are known for their OCBDs. JPress is known for it's formal wear..Finally, dressing prep is all about quality and fit. You want something that will last decades and could potentially pass down to your kids..On a side note: Maybe as a community we need to push for a bigger divide between Preppy and Trad. Just a thought.
Never new how deep it was. Why are my brands so bad?
Prep isn't about brands, but about the product..Ill leave with a favorite message of Muffy's: 
Cloths should enable movement and activities, not restrict them..have an upvote for Muffy love.
 is a link to the chart that I was describing earlier. Also if you have a chance take a look around that blog. Muffy might be a woman but one idea of Prep is that a lot of the clothes serve more functional purposes then stylish purposes and because of this these kind of clothes tend to be unisex..It seems deep because the Prep/Trad life is a subculture all on its own. Tenants of this lifestyle include being humble about money (Lack of logos on clothing), buying clothes for function over style (Buying boat shoes, hunting boots, and LL Bean boots), and finding clothes with the highest quality available. .Sorry, this has provoked a more argument for a division between Urban Prep and Traditional Prep that isn't aimed towards you in particular. I am considering writing a post for discussion about this very topic.
Wow, some of the comments on that article are ridiculous. The one guy talks about going into a BB store, refusing help from an associate BECAUSE he was dressed in a Thom Browne suit, then shaming him in front of his manager and leaving..I'm all for quality, functional dress, and I love the aesthetic of the trad/prep/whatever you want to call it style, but some of these people just take their elitism to a whole new level.
I read her article for her reviews on quality clothing and suggestions by the community. Assholes are everywhere and I have seen much worse, but yes, that was ridiculous..Confrontational elitism isn't what Prep is about, quite the opposite. That just makes someone a dick in general.
You're right, I guess there are dicks within he ranks of any community. As somebody who was never really exposed to the real prep lifestyle but who has used their staples of dress for inspiration, her articles are very interesting. Sort of gives me a window deeper into the roots behind the aesthetic.
Vans can still be preppy. Throw on some leather laces and you'll be good to go with them. So personally, I wouldn't get rid of them..In terms of suggestions, I would say just take it slow and don't buy everything at once. Get a few of the basics and wear those for a bit and go from there.
Thanks. Ill look into leather laces
So.. streetwear hybrid, then? Lol.
Actually ya. Was thinkin itll be cool
Vineyard vines tees are the worst thing you could wear. Baggy with huge logos..I don't know why you think wearing a different brand of tees makes your style any better. It's no better than what you used to wear. .Short sleeve ocbds will look terrible if they don't fit very well..Also your "new style" isn't preppy or different at all. .TLDR: read the sidebar.
You give a snobby vibe
Everyone here is a robot. Its all CHINOS OXFORD COTTON BUTTON DOWNS dadcore shit. Dress however makes you happy.
Snobby? Look at the brands you just posted.. 
thanks bro, i got that vibe right after i made this post. I didnt think people were so strict when it comes to the word "preppy" I always thought polos and sperrys and u got it :P 
People here believe there is only one way to dress. Just ignore them. You're welcome ;)
ya ive found that out..... seriously i came in here wanting to dress good and different then i do now......... now im just like fuck it im going to the mall and buying what looks cool lol...i feel sorry for these guys who are all like omgz that brand is not preppy anymore ..muffy says so!! Muffy says you no preppy so u no preppy! hahaahaha
The leather breathes pretty well on these shoes especially since the "welt" or seam on the sole is pretty lose and not air tight.  At least on mine there was like no glue and the leather is not sealed with the sole, just sewn on.  Should mine be glued to the sole though?
I dunno but mine are like that too so meh, they're cheap enough to not care, beater boots ftw
I think they're supposed to be like that, but I just wasn't sure.  It does help them breathe though.  they are desert boots so they're not made for water.  They soak up so much water in the rain and turn into like wet cardboard.
I sprinkle green gold bond in mine once in a while.  No smell Cept the minty smell 
Socks... Try wool. Creepy cotton week cause more issues. Had crap cotton, got smart wool, feels great. 
Just give them a day or two of rest after each wear to allow them to dry. You can use cedar shoe trees, but that is overkill for CDBs/Bushacres unless you have a spare one lying around.
I don't do anything special with my CDBs and they are just fine.
Please drop the Jordan's and get a decent pair of boots or casual shoes, at the very least some Vans. I would recommend a very simple style such as jeans/chinos and OCBD's sometimes with a sweater. As long as the fit is good and the colors work well, then you don't need anything too complex. 
Man Jordan's in High School is fine. Streetwear stems from HS/College. I don't see a problem with him pulling street. 
He's asking fashion advice, and I am giving it. Jordan's were made for playing basketball and IMO then are over worn and look tacky. Most people won't like what I'm saying but that's just my 2 cents.
First of all, have you read the sidebar? Plenty of great info as to what kind of clothes to look for for each season and how these clothes are "supposed" to fit..If you've done that and feel comfortable with the information, go back and read it a second time. .As someone who started getting sick of the american eagle/hollister/abercrombie crap about 8 months ago, I know how you feel. You want to just chuck all of that crap out and start buying a whole new wardrobe. Let me start by telling you this is a bad idea. I bought so much crap when I first found MFA and wear maybe half of it. Start small and cheap. Buy a pair of chinos, an ocbd or two, and a couple tees from uniqlo or h&m. Then slowly work your way to other things. It'll take time, but you'll eventually find styles you love and quality items worth saving for. Also, I suggest lurking the MFA WAYWT posts and saving pics of outfits you like. You can use these later when you're shopping for clothes or wondering how to make a cohesive outfit. Best of luck, its a relatively steep learning curve that I'm still on, but you'll figure it out!!
thanks for the suggestions man
there's one in apc's f/w 2013 collection that looks pretty dope. raglan sleeves. (shoulders look a bit weird on the model but i hear irl it looks better)
Link? 

Here's another one you might want to consider, that's higher quality than the ones linked.
Damn that does look dope but the $800 price tag makes it a little out of my reach haha
if i was going to get a varsity jacket, id rather save up than get something of poor quality like obey. if you really want those, fine, but otherwise start stocking some money away
where would I get a high quality one? I know ToJ used to make them but I can't find too many these days.
you could try ebay, styleforum, sufu, maybe rakuten for ToJ. otherwise id look into something like golden bear, they make some really nice varsitys. all they have right now is more lightweight ones for s/s but they should have their fall collection out before long.
TOJ still makes them. They have the TOJ0.
My guess of "10 new stores in NYC" wasn't far off.
very surprised they came to the east coast and didn't go to the king of Prussia mall
Uniqlo y u no open in socal but 4 locations in norcal?!?!?!
Evident that from a corporate standpoint they are expanding markets that they already have easy distribution and will help drive costs down..Just blindly throwing stores at major markets, despite everyone's dreams, is not the way to enter new (aka the whole United States) markets.
YESSSSS I WORK IN STONESTOWN MALL! No more trips downtown to get cheap socks!
Wasn't Berlin getting one? As a Dutch person I'd severely beat a man to get one in one of the cities in the Ruhr region.  
New Orleans has yet to get either an H&M or a Uniqlo. We hungry for fashion, people! 

I was praying for something in Canada.  Come on Uniqlo, get your shit up here.  I keep reading that its coming but never anything concrete.
".....in the US" OP you fucker, I was excited for a minute.
Wow Connecticut? I'm from there that trumbull mall sucks. .Why not DC, I want more airism stuff without the cost of shipping.
Something is coming to Connecticut? Yes! At least something acknowledges our existence...
I'm so glad I bought stock.
Why not Charlotte or Raleigh? Nooo
All NorCal locations! Good thing I chose a NorCal college.
The other article says that Zara is also focusing on the coasts, which is wrong because Chicago has a huge-ass Zara store in downtown. It's a shame Uniqlo is skipping Chicago. That's bullshit.
Hell yeah, Long Island is getting a Uniqlo!
I was really hoping that they'd spread to another large city on the east coast (DC, Philly, Orlando, Miami), but at least they're opening up one in my home state (CT).  It'll be easier to stop there when visiting my folks instead of training into the city.
I thank this forum for introducing me to this store. Plus the fact I work 5 minutes away from a store is pretty nice too. 
All the stores in California are in the Bay Area..Yeah, fuck you too Uniqlo. .-LA and Southern California.
15 minutes from my house?!? Awesome!!
I just applied to work at my local Uniqlo. Wish me luck!
MOAR PLZ.
Bay st Emeryville! Yeahhhh!
How do you have 2 NJ stores but not a single Toronto store?
FUCK YES BRIDGEWATER. Sad that this is one of the best things to happen this summer.
I was really excited after reading the title, clicked in and saw that it was US only. I wish they'd open up some more stores in the UK other than in London, I love their stuff but the fit is never certain and their returns aren't free. I mean they have 10 stores in the UK all situated in London, surely opening up more in the other major cities can't be that bad of an idea.
Schweet, I don't have to go to SF for Uniqlo anymore.
There is one opening in my hometown I don't know if I've ever been more excited.
UNIQLO GET YOUR ASS TO GERMANY RIGHT. NOW.
I don't live in Chicago so that I can wait for a UNIQLO longer than people from ..
Ugh, this makes me wish I didn't have to go back to college for the fall so I can work at UNIQLO for the fall
I'm going to be spending way too much money at that Stonestown location. 
fuck yeah, santa clara!!!!
I was hoping they would come to the mall of america with the new expansion
Sure would be nice if they would open one up here at Mall of America. 
SAN FRANCISCO GETS TWO ROFL.
I've never even heard of this brand until I started following this subreddit. Can somebody summarize what they are all about?
Houston, pls?.I'm pretty sure that'd be a logistical nightmare at this point, though.
I live in NYC and even I think we have too many at this point.
DC area, please
Oh my, I feel blessed.  I live 10 minutes from the Smithaven Mall in NY
I won't lie. I've never heard of this store before, but I live like 15 minutes away from bridgewater commons, so I guess I'll find out lol
I live near one of their original NJ stores, it's great.
I'm curious, what's MFA's fascination with UNIQLO? Is it better quality than H&M? Since they're Japanese, do they have shorter, truncated cuts for their shirts as opposed to typical American/European cuts?
noooooo UNIQLO why no love for Canada, I live in Toronto and I would absolutely one of these in my city.
Not one withing 1000 miles of me in Dallas, got excited for no reason. .Fuck.
yesss, they're opening one right next to my school!
Why do people get excited over Uniqlo?.The clothes are only a slight step up from what you'd buy in a Target or a Walmart.
I'll give you my perspective.  I'm a midwesterner, and stores here cater to fat people.  Even small sizes assume you have a beer gut.  For my neck size, any shirt I'm buying off of a rack is going to fit like a goddamn parachute.  I do not have a big gut.  I can take them to tailor, but they still just don't look right--the arm holes are always a little too big and the sleeves too billowy, because the shirt was still made for a kind of fat person.  .For dress shirts that I'm going to wear with a suit, I go to a tailor, get measured, and choose some cloth.  Works great, but at $200 a pop, I'm not going to be doing that for my wardrobe basics.  My job requires me to dress nicely, but it also requires me to roll up my sleeves and help solve some potentially messy problems with industrial equipment.  I am not going to be wearing $200 shirts for that..A few years ago I was dating a girl from NYC, and she introduced me to Uniqlo.  Holy crap--it was a cheap store with nice looking basics ..  And I didn't feel like  my money was going to some weirdo rapist like when I shopped at AA.  Well, now I'm no longer dating that girl so the frequent Uniqlo trips are over.  Current girlfriend is from LA so I would at least like to see an LA store, as we're there at least once or twice a year.  
Norlenz is better suited for FUBU.
not before vancouver!
Well, Staten Island might as well not be NYC, so really 1, technically 2
High quality to cost ratio basics. From Japan.
just one in canada... please...
They're like the Japanese GAP, just with higher quality and cheaper prices and slimmer cuts. Win-Win-Win if you're skinny & short. Considering the demographics of this sub, it's a perfect fit.
I think they need a better PR person.... LA as a "new country" has just a tinge of racism, especially as the battle for immigration reform (especially as it pertains to Latinos) is heating up. If one wanted to read between the lines, you can interpret it as some kind of A&F-esque mission statement: We only want young skinny white and Asian ppl wearing our precious garments. If you're pudgy or Hispanic, no clothes for you!
Gap, Banana Republic, H&M, Urban Outfitters, and now Uniqlo...
Hey guys, I have a store UNIQLO 10 minutes away from me that I have never  been to.. Should I go?
True, but Philadelphia is only 90 miles away.  That's practically next door!  Cmon now, I am in the market for a bunch of quality basics and there's not much here.
Trumbull mall has improved a little bit but its still pretty shitty. They redid the foodcourt a while back, and it's still the best part of the mall.
It's much less of a shithole than it was only a few years ago.
Prob cause hot topic burnt down so they checked the whole place out. Kinda sad Spencer's replaced pacsun
They will eventually 
Good quality for price usually. Great for affordable basics. Like H&M or GAP but better. Some interesting collaborations with designers e.g. UU, J+
Thanks! Basics like chinos and dress shirts or socks and underwear or what?
All of the above
Thanks!
Or at least metairie, Uniqlo would be perfect for here..I want affordable, decent clothes!
Don't hate the player. 
I think it depends on the item.  Some stuff seems a little chintzy, but other items are an incredible value.  Their OCBD's are . better than anything you would find at Target.  In fact I think they are higher quality than my J. Crew shirts.
Yeah I was expecting KoP. I will now go cry myself to sleep.
They've said they'll most likely do Vancouver first when they do come to Canada. 
Blah. A fourth of the GTA population.
What are you counting that has the GTA at 9+ mil?  
my mistake, i thought Vancouver was only 800k
We're around 2.2 now I think. Second largest city on the west coast after LA. 
me too!
Actually 20. I can get a list from my cousin who works for uniqlo. 
Uhm, you might not want to do that because your cousin can get fired for sharing confidential information.  
I'm not sure if it's confidential. I'll ask. 
I can 100% tell you it is confidential information. It has not been released to the public therefore it is not public information.  
Good cuts in a large variety. Great quality for the price. .I'd say several steps up from Target/Walmart in the US. It's not anything crazy or special. But for what you pay, you get pretty good return.
no, their cuts for the american stores have been "americanized".
It's a cheap japanese store that has good basic design with decent quality at very low prices.
Both of those and also its cheap and good quality for the price. .Edit: Also they have pretty much all the basics. It is a cheap way to look good and be in style with decent quality to boot. 
I would have expected the Westfarms mall in Farmington, definitely not Trumbull.  At least I don't have to schlep into the city when I visit my parents anymore.
I ordered last week and there was an offer on returns if you get a label and hand it into somewhere that does collect+..A Manchester store would be fantastic though, I'm sick of getting all my stuff from h&m and next.
I love that they open a store in Stonestown right after I move off-campus and closer to Union Square... 
Can anyone explain the point of putting all their stores in the same two areas? Serious question. I'm sure there's some kind of marketing strategy at play here, but it's over my head.
Not many people have heard about Uniqlo so if they want to expand, they should expand nearby an area they are already established. The thought is that the popularity will spread from the initial stores' area to the surrounding area. 
Starbucks model of growth lol fuck if I know
Come on DC... Come on DC... Come on DC....God damn it.
Right at my local mall, perfect.
They want to be nationwide and larger than Gap Inc. by the end of 2014 iirc.
Waikiki or Honolulu store would do well IMO.
Most of the tourists are Japanese anyway. There's no reason they'd come all the way to Honolulu to shop at Uniqlo when there's a store pretty much every other block in Japan. .That said, an Ala Moana or Pearlridge location would be nice :( 
Four stores in the Bay area and none in So Cal?
COME TO CANADA.
why only norcal!?! :(
They have plans for hundreds of stores and billions of dollars in sales in the USA. The mass market types like H&M, Zara, and qlo never appealed to me.  I was over them a while ago at least anyway. They are late to the party.
4 new locations in a 30 mile radius and no love for socal?! c'mon uniqlo! 
I remember when I was living in NYC, I stopped by the Manhattan store and tried on a pair of jeans, best fitting jeans ever, sadly, didn't have the funds to buy new clothes at the time.
BRIDGEWATER BRIDGEWATER  WATERBRIDGE OH YESSS
None in Canada? 
Finally a Uniqlo is opening up within a 15 minute drive from my house! I don't have to deal with the crappy parking situation at Garden State Plaza anymore!
Canada gets the short end of the stick, again.
Expand OR promote ethical business practices...

about time it comes to Jersey! 
No Canada stores yet either... sigh
Sort your shit out and come to Toronto
No LA? Color me surprised. 
As a kid that works retail (UO) in NYC, Uniqlo needs to stop opening stores here. There's about a Uniqlo within 5 minutes of where I work in each direction. It's bad enough seeing Djokovic Novak's face (no offense) on subways Mon-Fri during my 10am commute but to be reminded of how good and godly AIRISM and HEATTECH is everyday is just too much..I would like to add that Uniqlo has done a great job in generating new jobs especially with college students. Like 1/5 of everyone I know is employed or has been employed by them. However, they've said it sucks because of managers promoting people that aren't qualified but are "popular with the seniors" and they (from what I've been told) purposely keep you part-time to prevent having to give you benefits and hours.
Australia pls :(
aw yis...5 minutes away from my campus
Awwwww yiss, we get a Uniqlo in CT!! :)
No DC store ;_;
No Georgia? GODDAMNIT
Aww yes going to uni in sj is finally paying off, going to valley fair the moment I move back to my dorm
So when is this store coming to Canada D:
i remember a while back that there was news about them talking about coming to LA...please, COME TO LA!!!!!
CONNECTICUT WE EATING FAM.
No love for Texas? Come on.
It's hilarious how far . of these is away from me.  999 miles according to google, for the nearest one.
COME TO FUCKING BOSTON
We need one in Portland.
No love for socal wtfff
YES. VALLEY FAIR SANTA CLARA
Can someone help me understand why this is important to you all? Thanks ahead for any responses I receive 
Uniqlo is similar to the Gap, except cheaper and somewhat better quality/cuts. Many people on MFA are college students/young people on a limited budget, and uniqlo is a great place to get affordable, well-fitting basics. Currently, they have a webstore but shipping/returns are kind of steep and many people want to be able to try things on before they buy. This is why people want more uniqlo stores.
... Toronto.... Toronto.... Toronto.FUCK
As someone with a larger build, I really don't shop there as much as I hoped I would(bigger shoulder/quads) - besides their slim shirts nothing really fits me well. Either too tight or too big.
Not a single store in Canada..._.Don't they know we just willingly throw money at anything new in Toronto?
Fuck, why don't they put one in LA? That seems like it'd be one of the best locations, considering how densely populated the metropolitan area is.
I'm bummed too, but it's something about them wanting to make their brand more widely known before launching an LA store. I think that makes sense.
Australia really needs Uniqlo stores... at least there's one opening in Melbourne soon. Sydney next please!
So no Canada? :(
none in DC. sadness.
So fantastic. One of the few clothing shops that carry XS sizes for men. #Merica
Come on Uniqlo! The Mall of America is doubling in size, should be room for one there.
I was really hoping to see our mall on the list.  :(
I'm so glad to see so many other people in MN clamoring for a Uniqlo in the MoA. It makes a ton of sense.
Seriously?  They were talking about retail strategy, not branding.  Quit reaching for racism
No Ohio store :(
Two in the Bay Area right next to me?! I don't have to go back to Thailand now yayyy.
I just hope they open quickly, I hate having to schlep up to SF to try stuff on there. 
It says this fall... so probably before they open up the eastern span of the Bay Bridge.
Man, I just realized that, even if I only count the times since after the SF store opened, I've gone to Uniqlo more times in Asia than I have in the Bay Area..Although the Valley Fair location would make things a lot easier for me.
seriously 4 stores in No Cal and not one in Los Angeles?!.*edit changed So to No because I brainfarted there for a second. 
LA is a totally different beast. They probably are thinking how to expand in there.
Put one in 3rd street promenade in Santa Monica, another in Fashion Island in Newport and a third one at Victoria Gardens in Rancho Cucamonga.  Boom coverage and profit. 
I'd move the Rancho Cucamonga to Old Towne Pasadena, but other than that, spot on.
Why not both?! :) 
I would actually move the 3rd Street one to Americana since parking sucks at Old Towne and keep the Victoria Gardens one.  Americana would be much more central and accessible to LA county than 3rd Street.  Victoria Gardens serves the IE and Newport serves OC.
You have a point my friend.
IE isn't that fashion forward from my experience.they might be best off with la and oc stores
They need to come farther south too. South coast plaza in irvine has the only AE store and lots else besides. Down here in San Diego we have nothing. 
literally.... .T_T
Yeah it blows. I mean there is a burberry in fashion valley but I don't really shop high fashion. 
used to be a barney's co-op there and that was cool I guess. I mean Fashion Valley and maybe Horton Plaza have some things, but you pretty much have to drive up to south coast or even la to find anything
Yeah I agree. Everytime I look for where the closest of anything is it's always the oc or la. Where are you at? 
East County, lol
My parents house is there I'm in North County now. 

oh dear.i'm going to ucsd for graduate school.my future is not looking bright
clothes wise maybe. UCSD is still in La Jolla and lets face it thats one of the nicest areas of one of the nicest cities of the country lol. I pretty much cant go down to La Jolla without seeing atleast one exotic. 
yeah i meant clotheswise. i'm definitely excited for a lot of food though, i have a list of places i gotta try like the cottage, vallarta, phil's haha
Yeah lots of mexican taco shops you cant get much elsewhere. Where are you coming from?
yeah wtf they promised!
pretty sure all of those are in the north
yeah, california geography is hard. I've only lived here for just over two weeks. I thought there was going to be one near me, but it turns out Santa Clarita is the one near LA, and Santa Clara is near SF.
Used to mix this up all the time since I live closer to Clarita. The way to remember it is that Clara is where people live, Clarita is where Magic Mountain is.
i'm sorry :(.that must be the worst feeling in the world
Come on buddy you and me FASHION ROAD TRIP! 
I've seriously considered making the 6-7 hour drive up ahahahah
It would be a really terrible reason to have a really awesome weekend hah. 
I totally meant Nor cal.  oops! 
because everyone here is poor
I keep hoping for something to come to Boston. 
Me too. The fact that they're expanding to Connecticut and NJ gives me hope that we might see one soon.
just keeeep creeping north 'qlo, ill be waiting
Somebody mentioned a rumor about Uniqlo moving into either the old best buy space next to hynes T stop or that mattress building across the intersection that's currently under construction.
Living in Asia, this amuses me.
summer Hong Kong visits are a good time for cops for me :)
Still no Philly :'(
They give two to New Jersey and not a single in Philly. Who chooses NJ over Philly?!
Dude seriously, I would even take a King of Prussia store.
I've been dreaming of a KOP store for years. That shit would be game over. RIP money
someday brother...someday
Hell, I'd settle for just Tall sizes instead and order online. But I'd totally be there all the time if they did ever put one in Philly.
I was hoping for that, but Bridgewater isn't . far away.
Wasn't there supposed to be one in King of Prussia or on Walnut Street like 6 months ago? I specifically remember an article. 
it was supposed to be philly and boston next.frankly, philly makes sense, because we're very close to the warehouse. I can order something from the website and have it show up at my house the same or next day, with standard shipping.
I was so excited for a Uniqlo in Boston when school started.
In Menlo?!!?!.! Fuck yesssssss
Years ago there used to be a Uniqlo in Menlo (where the Urban Outfitters is), but it closed... but I'm psyched we're getting one again!
Woohoo! Now I have zero reason to go to NYC!
Re-open the Freehold store, .!
Didn't there used to be Uniqlo in Menlo like 8 years ago? I remember walking in there at some point, but all they had was multi colored shirts in a terrible layout. Maybe it was a rogue operation or something, or I'm just making things up.
No, you're right, there used to be one. It was one of their flagship stores in the States. I remember going there a bunch of times. But I think back then no one knew what the fuck Uniqlo was, so it failed. It was embarrassingly empty most of the time. 
I work at this mall. This is bad news for my stressful day of work impulse shopping.
Omgggg
I've been enjoying the one at Garden State Plaza a lot..You're gonna have a good time. 
I don't know why they removed it in the first place it used to be there a few years back
The funny thing is..one of their first stores was in Menlo originally.. it never seemed crowded tho.They closed and then reopened the ny one.Now that they have a much better brand presence I'm betting their new one will do much better. 
AND bridgewater.  Amazing.
It will be directly across from my store....My poor wallet.
I am so happy for this! My menswear will benefit 400%
Nothing like having a uniqlo, 2 minutes from your house. 
Words cannot describe how jealous I am of you. :(
aww yiss. central jersey represent
Hoolyy shit, two more Uniqlos in NYC . it's coming to my nearest mall?.Aw yiss, my body is ready
Hello, LI!
I really wasn't expecting to see Smith Haven on there. I would've thought Roosevelt Field would get it first but I'm quite happy it will be opening at the closest one to me.
I was actually expecting Walt Whitman or Roosevelt. Walt Whitman seems to get the upper class, or trendy stores. They are adding an Urban Outfitters there now. 
I do like Walt Whitman. It doesn't get overcrowded and taken over by teenagers. Didn't know they were opening and Urban Outfitters. That's good news as well
I have one in my town... my wallet got a lot slimmer... I cannot walk into that store without buying one thing... sometimes I just walk in, and I'm like, I could use another pair of Airism...
Airism is pretty sweet? I was disappointed with the so-called "heattech" last winter and avoided the airism accordingly.
heattech worked find for me... airism are probably as good as ExOffficios, maybe a little better... they fit me really well and wick sweat pretty good..
I was in NYC this weekend for 3 days and I went in and bought more airism every day I was there. And I'm in the city almost every weekend as it is
Is airism really that great? When I went with my girlfriend she shat all over the idea of it, thinking it was like underarmor. I didn't pick any up :(
It's sort of like wearing thin silk, except it's highly breathable, it doesn't stick to your skin, and it doesn't hold onto odors. I can tell you that there is a world of a difference between cotton boxerbriefs and airism boxerbriefs when walking around the city. I find underarmor tends to be a heavier, less breathable material that holds onto odors somewhat.
Honestly, when I'm in school in the city, I go to Uniqlo less than when I'm at home, ever since the Paramus one opened... I find myself hanging around Soho shopping at other places instead of qlo, but since the only places worth going to in Paramus are Uniqlo, LL Bean, and Sears (for Lands End Canvas), Century 21, and Saks Off-5th (sometimes) for me, I end up just picking stuff up when I'm there... Also, Airism is the shit.
Smith haven might be finally worth going to...
hey they have a jcrew meng
:| I live 20 minutes away it's not worth seeing all the scenie weenies
Scenie weenie?
Scene kids
I dont know what that is man
Consider yourself lucky, but feel old
Don't act like you're surprised by this. 
We can still be disappointed.  Ohio is a big hub for the Midwest. 
It may not be surprising, but that doesn't make it any less disappointing. :(
Still no Canada? Okay....
Please. Please, please, please
Vancouver
There was fairly certain talk about them opening a shop in Vancouver, in the Hudson Bay center where Topshop opened recently. I've also heard rumors of a Montreal shop. Which would probably mean Canadian shipping
Toronto needs Uniqlo!
As a Torontonian living in China I can attest that Uniqlo is great. .There are at least 3 in the city I'm in now. Their price points are affordable (regular price comparable to H&M but better sale prices + selection). They are great for basics. V-neck shirts, hoodie sweaters, cardigans and khakis. Their graphic tees seem targeted at a much younger demographic though (maybe it's the Japanese in them) but they do partnerships with anything from andy worhal to DC comics. Their quality is pretty solid for the price you are paying too. .The closest Uniqlo to us is in NYC I think. If only they would come to Toronto. 
I've been to a few in Tokyo and Seoul. I love their stuff, just wish I could buy them in normal sizes! .I normally wear a medium at J Crew, and my Uniqlo shirts are XL...
"normal"
YES! I went to Phil this summer and got amazing stuff at uniqlo really cheap with godly quality..PLEASE!
I would sacrifice my first Levi's for a Uniqlo in Toronto.
Haha yes. They are accustomed to 'Asian' sizing. I go from a medium to a large. .I have mulitples of their v-neck shirts in a variety of colours. Great stuff. 
We're apparently getting them at the Bay...  Back in April they announced they were in talks of opening stores inside the bay...hopefully the Eaton Centre Bay Redevelopment includes it!  At least there's discussion!
Is a DC store too much to ask for? New Yorkers already have the entire fashion world at their fingertips, they don't need . more stores..I don't even all that close to DC but would be willing to make the drive.
For what it's worth, I live in New York - upstate New York, and it may as well be Siberia for all the good it does me, fashion-wise. We have a J. Crew! And... a Gap...
You're lucky to have a J. Crew. Try living in Central Pennsylvania. Or anywhere in North Carolina.
I have long heard rumors that Uniqlo was going to open a store in the new City Center DC development. I'm bummed that this seems to no longer be the case.
WHAT?! That would have been fucking amazing.  I would have had my bets on something in/near Tyson's Mall.
J. Crew is good. 
Yes and no. They stock quite a good amount of basics, but don't keep an inventory of much of the more stylish versions. For example, 11" stanton shorts abound, if you're lucky you might find a 9" pair in your size, but they don't even order 7" because they know it won't sell here. I'm probably just being greedy, but it feels like a neutered store..Hasn't stopped me from buying half of it, though.
Yeah, we have one at the Domain in Austin that's ultra popular. Always pretty crowded on the weekends, especially during sales. There's a J. Crew Factory in Round Rock that's always pretty empty, though. I've actually found their quality to be pretty good.
That's good to know, I've been debating ordering some factory stuff. It's hard to convince myself to pull the trigger without trying things on though.
to be fair, Long Island is not the city and Staten island may as well not be.
True. I live in Brooklyn and its nice to see one at Atlantic Terminal, but I travel to manhattan everyday for school so it won't be much of a difference, for me at least.
I took the staten island ferry two nights ago. it was pretty cool seeing the statue of liberty, the nyc skyline, etc. .then I got to staten island and took the ferry right back..and I didn't know they sold beer on the ferry. that's pretty cool!
We actually have a lot of great parks and hiking trails. You can hike Todt Hill which is over 400 feet. Some of the best pizza in NYC is here too; Lee's Tavern, Deninos, Brothers, Nunzios. We also have really good Italian Ices and Ice Cream from Ralphs.
Fuck, no Seattle store? Come on.
I thought for sure Seattle would be on the list
Why does everyone forget about Seattle? We're missing out on so many stores, and bands tend to skip playing shows in Seattle all time time.
Vancouver was supposed to get their Canadian "flagship" store. I'm still sad about it.
I had a moment of hope that Portland would be there, but I'd settle for Seattle.
Remember how long it took us to get H&M, though?
I actually had never heard of H&M before a couple years ago. I'm relatively new to the fast-fashion scene..It doesn't surprise me, though.
I mean, you're not really missing anything ground breaking. 
Well yeah I've shopped there a bit now. Stuff just doesn't fit me quite right there.
A lack of Seattle upset me too. I feel with as young of a city as Seattle is, they'd look at this market more. Maybe they are but just can't find a good location to call home. I'm sure they'd want something downtown and space down there can be hard to find for a bigger store.
Not to mention Seattle is all about Asia. Come on, Uni-Qlo, get your shit together.
Seriously, Seattle would have a great market for Uniqlo with the high Asian population. I'm really bummed, oh well. Kinda stupid how New York receives another 3 locations when they already have 4. Hopefully in the next Uniqlo expansion will include Seattle/Bellevue.
I opened the article and searched for Seattle/Washington. Fuck. This. Shit!
Same, and was ever so disappointed.
Please come South..Please.....
I'm betting the first place in the south they go is Atlanta, and that outside of that they stay mostly away.
You think Atlanta over Miami or Orlando? Why?
They can't sell winter clothes in Miami or Orlando.
As a native Floridian, you underestimate what bitches we are about the cold. 
In Houston, we only recently got H&M. Patience, my friend.
You'd think the fourth largest city in the US would be a nice place to have a store, ., let's put more stores in NY and California.
Hope Miami and Naples get one too.
We're getting an H&M in New Orleans too, thankfully.
Where? Magazine or the quarter?
It's going to be in the quarter on Decatur where the old Hard Rock Cafe used to be. 
Thanks for responding! This makes me more happy than you could know!
No problem man I just learned we were getting one when I was down there the other day.
I heard uniqlo was looking at property here and they posted the high executive positions for the market here a while back. 
Yeah I just went to the h&m in Austin 
What. Since when is there in H&M in Austin? I've been here for ages and never heard about that.
Domain.
It's at the domain. I think it was built last year ?.Edit: andd someone had the answer already. The store is nice. Two stories but though maybe they would carry more guy clothes? 
UNIQLO GETTIN ME HYPED FOR NOTHIN THIS SOME BULLSHIT
Dude I don't even have that. :(
Can I join in the pity party?  Best I got is JCP. :(
Those glorious 9mo when they were putting out good clothes for reasonable prices. 
You have JCP? My best is a 30x30ft men's wear store.
Men's wear store? All I have is a bodega selling a few t-shirts with Amharic writing all over them and an appliance shop that sells out-of-date soccer jerseys.
lol because I live in Austin and we have almost everything.

oh. walking distance. wonderful
Fuck yeah, several less stops on the train!
They must be taking Daffys spot? That's gonna be a small store. 
Same, I was really excited to have one that close.  
Was glad to hear about cali until every location is in norcal, Fuck you uniqlo 
yay aaaareaaaa
Why 
Awww yeee. Now I won't even have to get on Bart to go to Uniqlo.
moving up to norcal in the fall, even more stoked :3
oh right, congrats man haha
I don't even get it. Uniqlo already had a store in SF, so now they're going to open three more stores in California... all still basically in SF?
Yeah dumb move..they would make a killing here in LA
i'm guessing it has something to do with easier distribution & local marketing having them all clustered there.  Still seems odd to ignore So-Cal which has twice the population.
Correct. Worked for them during the setup for the grand opening and they drove us over to the East Bay to process items. Doubt they have a warehouse in SoCal right now
twice the population but like 3-4 times the assholes
Twice the population, but much more spread out than the Bay Area. I suspect it's the same reason H&M opened in SF before LA when they first came to the US.
No, that's not it.  The LA metro area has over twice the population of the bay area and is more dense.  .I think it has more to do with the fact that they're trying to establish themselves in the bay and have easier distribution between local stores before expanding out.   If they have 5 stores in the bay area they'd need to open a dozen stores in LA to have a similar coverage of the area.  Makes sense.  
LA gets no love.
la has supreme though
Yeah, because that's the same..$120 a shirt vs. $19 a shirt.
$19 is the high end for Uniqlo too. Shirts are usually 1000-1500.
Not trying to defend Supreme (I'm not a huge fan of the brand), but the shirts don't even retail for close to $120. Try closer to $40-50. 
I thought he was referring to their button ups and not their t shirts?
I always see that when Supreme is mentioned. Somebody gives a gross exaggeration of the prices (I've heard $200 for a t-shirt before)
Yeah, that only rings true if you miss a big drop and live in the "anywhere but NYC or LA" area. Goddamnit I need to leave the midwest pronto.
lol, just a joke. but when you think about it....> mfw uniqlo and supreme have the same marketing
but but but 
that raft was totally hyped but when it dropped no one bought it lol.the beach towel was kinda cool though
I bought it and I use it every day.
How do you use a raft every day?
Lay on it in the pool...?
To cushion him when he lays on top of his pool of gold coins.
...THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING.
They look at LA market as an entire country, so they don't want to head in without having their game face ready. 
Not even Chicago?  .Jeesh, no love for us midwesterners. 
Irrelevant, but as an Australian I was like "Isn't Chicago near New York, which is east coast" but apparently the midwest is not actually west. Thanks for expanding my geography knowledge haha
Glad I could help!
Seriously. Connecticut? Before Chicago? WTF.
I was so bummed about that. Like I've been going to school near the city, hoping all of my favorite shit would be there, but then it's like 'Lol fuck the midwest'.
Honestly I'm just going to fly into New York under the guise of "visiting relatives".
You have no idea how many tears I wept when Minneapolis wasn't mentioned. ..
I thought "10 new stores?! They must have included Minneapolis in that".Nope, just more on the coasts :(
We get no love before Chicago does and Chicago got no love.
I'm hoping that the MOA bumps us ahead of Chicago, it gets 40 million visitors a year and we don't tax clothing.
Did you know that people come from out of state to visit the MoA? Like four of my internet friends have been here on vacation. That's so weird to me. Probably kinda like how the Eiffel Tower isn't a big deal if you live in Paris.
They'll get there, I'm sure... they're expanding outward from proven bases.  .Logistically-speaking it's tough to just pop a new store that far away from your hub points.  It can be anything from distribution challenges (shipping, etc.) to tax implications and local commerce laws.  It's easier to first expand in "known territory."
But how much online business are they missing from people who want to try some things on in the store to get an idea of sizing before buying clothes sight-unseen?
I'm sure their business development team is working as fast as possible to do studies of geographical locations and strike deals with local municipalities to gain tax breaks and other incentives, and their legal team is working as fast as possible to make sure there are no risks to expansion in certain states or other implications..My point is, at this point I don't think it's a cost-benefit analysis (like you insinuated), but rather a resource constraint.  Even opening 10 new stores in familiar locations is not easy.
Uniqlo is all about unfussy basics, and their Heat Tech line would be gangbusters for the blustery Chicago winters.  I think they would make a killing Chicago.  Chicago fashion is pretty weak, which is why simple basics like Uniqlo would just crush it.  Fair point on the logistics challenges.
Yeah, but until Chicago happens to be a hub, nothing around is going to pop up.  I was hoping that the invasion of middle america would start soon so I could go try on their stuff.  
Don't worry, once they expand down to Philly it's only a matter of time before they branch out to DC and Pittsburgh, then Cleveland, followed by Detroit/Indianapolis and finally Chicago.
The thought of expansion to Cleveland and Indy before Chicago is laughable.
But if they are going to expand to the midwest, I can't think of a better hub city than Chicago.  
Don't say that. Minneapolis needs one ;_;
For real. Even the Mall of America would be a good location; there's tons of Asians in the H&M there at any given time.
Eastern Iowa does too!
Yeah, but my guess their first mega mall location is going to be King of Prussia in Philly.  East coast, and draws a huge demographic. Plus it's on the east coast.
Depends on how you dress and where you live.
Does it rain a lot? A pair of boots will beat brogues.
Do you tend to dress spiffy? Brogues all the way..When I lived in NYC the brogues were a mainstay. Now I'm in Seattle and they're mostly in the closet for boots, given the weather and how people seem to really look down on "fancy" shoes out here.
Thanks! I live in northern California and I dress fairly spiffy. We can get quite a bit of rain here in the winter time. Hope that helps :)
If it can ONLY be one: I'm going to say boots, because you can wear boots when you can wear the wingtips more often than you can wear the wingtips when you can't wear the boots, and the boots will be wearable when the wingtips aren't (rain.)
if you invest in the right pair of boots, they can be incredibly versatile, and your spiffy style will not be affected. I also live in northern California and, I know that i get more wear on my CDB's than my brogues. hope this helps. 
Who cares what you look like, your just wearing it around the house. As long as its comfortable it fine. 
Dress Robes are hot right now.
.seriously dude its a bath robe dude, buy one thats soft and covers your genitals. Or doesn't, who cares?
Are you sure you're in the right subreddit?
Holy fuck, your not wearing the robe outside of the house. If it was casual like sweatpants that you can wear outside, and to relax inside it would be a different story. But it's a fucking robe.
I believe the style with buttons only part way down is called a ...The strip-like thing on the shoulder might not have a name, but they are commonly found on shirts that might be called ...I don't know of any popovers with those shoulder straps but hopefully that's a start.
epaulets?
are you talking about epaulets?
I don't think popover shirt is correct - the ones I saw had no collar and were of a different material, like most T-shirts.  Military shirts were spot on though, thank you.
Without a collar, made of tshirt material: perhaps it's a Henley?.Could just be a henley with epaulets. .Edit: .? 
Wow that is hideous.
YES!  Thank you so much.
epaulets man. 
 - personally I think they look kind of lame.
If you had more time, suitsupply is a good idea. But since you need one by this weekend j crew has some good shit.
If he lives near a physical location, he could try.
What's your budget?
Dark navy blue, single-breasted, button-two jacket..Team it with a spread-collar white shirt, barrel cuffs..Finish it off with a black silk-knitted tie and well polished black shoes, derbies or oxfords are equally acceptable.
This guide for you maybe?.Might want to consider just eating and lifting to get to a normal size chest and be able to wear a long slim off the rack.
You're going to get shit for wearing a vest without a jacket. It's not a great look..Your sleeve roll looks sloppy. What kind of shoes are you wearing?.In the future, you'll probably get a warmer reception and more help if you post in the automated Outfit Feedback and Fit checks, posted (M/Tu/Th/F/Sa/Su)
Lose the vest.
This honestly the first time that I was told that it wasn't a great look. .I am wearing Black Steve Maddens..I'll keep that in mind, thank you :)
Check out the vest guide in the sidebar and you'll see why they are generally looked down on when worn on their own. The sidebar has a ton of useful information that you should definitely check out
Im on mobile and my internet is slow so the link is not loading but according to your description, i think they are called tapered jeans. They usually get slimmer as it goes down. They look baggy probably because of "stacks" which is longer jeans and it just stacks up.
Got any brands? Sites?
Not really sure what you're into or how much you want to spend. 
Try looking at tapered jeans. 
If its not those, its probably just a slim jean. 
I have a couple slim jeans and they all fit different. Brands play a huge difference in quality and fit.
HW Carter & Sons .was looking at battenwear but idk where I'd find one and the kangaroo pocket is growing on me. gotta put my hands somewhere
They have my size but something must be wrong with them because they are still sitting....edit: ALSO, Red Wing Beckmans in Chestnut for 180? I have a pair of Chippewa GQs I got last year but these are definitely nicer..

574s in gray.apc gray wool bomber.apc leopard print sweat.hmmmm boots.hollows wallet bifold.and .me .its.SO MANY WANTS
 as my first pair of boots.
This honestly is my dream hat, if anyone can find something that looks similar for cheaper please let me know!
I just registered at Nordstrom's so that I could cop a pair of Red Wing Beckman's for fall.  .I wear a 9.5 D in AE shoes on the Strand/Park Ave Last, anyone know for sure what size I should get for Beckmans?


lindero vans. looking for a good casual sneaker. don't know if this helps but I'm in my second year of college
Uniqlo ...Uniqlo .Originally wanted white s/s ocbd and a chambray, but out of sizes
I currently have 1 pair of shorts and no pairs of sweatpants and as they are on sale thinking of copping them.
One of these /fa/ jersey style shirts? Not necessarily these ones but similar in concept..Examples:
Anyone know much about Battenwear? Or what 

 boots? I'm not sure whether I love them or they just wouldn't fit my style at all. 
If its your dream hat $52 doesnt seem to bad a price imo
How did you register at Nordstrom?! I have been trying all day but it keeps saying their application servers are down.
It worked for me this morning
hell yeah
Got a link on that first knit? Looks soooo good.
Found it bro :) 
These addidas x ransom tech mocs. I figure they make a good alternative to some visvim shoes.
nah, like i told sticky before he got his if you want fbts just put the $120 in a fund towards them and each time you don't buy something that could act as an alternative keep adding to it. you'll never be satisfied until you have the real thing.
Even if I had the money for FTBs (I do) my parents wouldn't let me spend it on them #highschoolproblems
 I just got them in today
How did you size them? 
I got them in the same size as my vans and they fit well. 
Sweet hopefully I don't talk my self out of them before I get paid tomorrow 
I actual like these way better than any visvim I've seen. However... if you want vis don't accept a substitute, just save up for what you really want
Not really a should or shouldn't, but WHERE can I buy a decent straw trilby for my honeymoon in Hawaii? Looking to spend $100-$200 - serious replies only.
nothing wrong with them, they're just a really bold shoe. if you like it, that's an incredible price.
I normally wear 9.5.  Bought the Strands in 9 and Beckmans in 8.  Boots fit fine in the store but too tight at home - so I'd say size down .5 to 1 from your normal size.
yeah, that's cool.
Nordstrom*
I know these are cheap but I'm a student. 
belichick steez
Do it. 
If you're going to get 574s I would recommend getting them in a color other than gray. They're a loud piece of clothing so you may as well get them in a loud color. For reference I have 574s in bright red. 
the silhouette itself is loud, why does the color need to be loud as well? that just seems peacocky to me
You have a good point, but if I'm wearing these shoes, they're going to be the loudest piece in my outfit anyway and I would want them to stand the most and therefore I would get them in a loud color. 
So I'm going to warped tour this summer and plan on wearing vans sk8's black 508's and a minimalistic graphic band tee would like advice for which one to buy. .,  ., ., .,  any opinions on which looks best?
i think they're all terrible except the last one
do it. they're cool
Are the Beckmans used? I thought they discontinued chestnut. 
Nah they are new on theclymb.com
Yes on that first knit.
Yes to the bomber....
oh you
the wool bomber? you mean .? if so, then yes yes yes yes please .yes to everything 
I say depends on price. I think they look decent, but there are better redwings and better chukkas out there. 
Why do you say that?
Last is odd, stitching is loud, and I'm not a fan of wedge soles. That being said, I'm sure quality and construction are great and they will last a while. I just don't think they look too good. Too simple for a work boot, too complicated for a chukka.
I would go a whole to a size and half down from your Brannock size, but only if you have fairly narrow feet. In my experience the AE 5 last also fits a whole size large in length, so possibly the same there.
Yea they look nice, go for it!
Yes, then post photos/review for me. 
8.5 but no bigger than 9
Shiiit, I'd buy that bound 2 in an instant
Battenwear does good stuff. EG stands for engineered garments 
K, cool. With regards to EG, I was referring to the . on the Context site. Basically, what makes a fit EG-like?
I've heard EG fits super inconsistently tbh. Does the site list measurements? 
Yes. I want them too.
Well dream hat as in I've been imagining it in my head for a while now. The design. I just found this hat today and was wondering if there are any other options. I'm a student and I have better things to spend on rather than shelling out 52 bucks for a hat.
YES
they'd be cool with an americana/workwear kinda style. i like em
where to cop bound 02

there you are good sir!
Get normal MMM gats
these are really cool but i'd only get them on sale 
paint drop gats are best gats
Get them if they fit your style.
Yeah, I'm a big fan of the moc toe and the natural CXL. Also I like the fact that these don't seem as bulky as most boots, but they seem like they would stick out too much unless you were wearing really workwear-inspired kind of things
if you do, get a pic of an outfit with it, I have no idea how they'll look IRL.
Naw, really not worth it unless you are crazy rich or something. They are kinda cool, but will probably look a lot less so in real life.
[deleted]
tan and white?
paint drop gats are so beautiful. I want a really high quality picture of them to put on my wall
You might get some hate for the shirt here because it's a "graphic tee," but I think it looks really cool. For $10 too? Go for it. 
Among graphic tees recommended the NatGeo are fairly popular. I did kind of want the telescope but that ones pretty neat too. Its hard to pass up for 10, as you said.
blue
Blue it is. Cheers.
Not a fan of the toe.
yes
The shorts, definitely. The sweats...only if you have that much completely expendable cash. As mentioned by . if you're just wearing them at home or to the corner store then I would probably spend the $ on another item or save it.
I love the shoe but for some reason not in this colourway. The only Nike Bruin I like is the one 
pretty sure those are blazers
def blazer los
Yes.
Blue.
Blue it is. Cheers.
"Plain but expensive sweatpants" sounds like a textbook example of something that you should not buy under any circumstances. Except having massively too much money, I suppose.
They're lovely, what do you plan on wearing them with? Jeans, chinos, shorts?
I tend to think that Uniqlo's graphic tees have pretty terrible graphics on them. I wouldn't really consider this an exception, but I guess it could work if it fits you well.
I have a Uniqlo OCBD in "light gray" and it basically just looks like light desaturated blue, I really love the color.
don't see what makes the sweats much different than a $5 pair from like target.i mean probably better material and construction but i imagine you'll be lounging around the house in these so if you don't care about the cost then go for it
not a fan of these.go for low old skools or authentics
or sk8 hi's.
Buy both.
sweats are cool and undoubtedly good quality and comfy and shit, but of course they are just sweats. I would cop if I had the disposable income and I was happy with the rest of my wardrobe
this shirt .edit: on the edge for qlo shorts or .decided on the norse shirt
Why not on the shirt..Khaki for the brokenleaf, it's more subtle
dunno about the OL marble shirt, something looks off. like it's too thin..that's the debate I'm having about the norse. the khaki is nice and subtle, but the blue is loud and awesome
Gustin Left Hand ...Yes or No?
Anyone know anything about the quality of Old navy chinos? The slim ones are all on clearance for 10 bucks, and I got a light khaki one today and really like them. Tempted to go back and buy 2-3 more pairs, but if they are really horrible, I'd probably just save my money.
At 10 bucks you can't beat them at all, atleast in my opinon.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Every other pair I've seen has been around 30, and I'm still growing a bit, so I don't really need to invest in super nice clothes.
Yeah and worse case either get torn to shreds, you outgrown em or they end up as beater pairs down the line. 
 Do the pockets make the jacket look too cluttery? 
does your style fit into the general americana/workwear aethetic if not then probably no
do it, just be sure to size down
The pockets are fine
Granted I did just buy 
its a cool jacket in person, very soft with a rear cinch fits perfectly (in a slim way)
You just had to go and make this harder. But thanks for your perspective.
also the bomber is on sale at unionmade if you didn't already know
It's actually $100 less than that at Matches Fashion. It's a really good deal. For which I am a sucker.
niiiice
Can someone else just go buy it so I can see it IRL and realize it would look silly on me
Nah, especially since you just got that deck jacket..I don't really like it because it has T1 trucker pleating but it's a bomber...just looks wrong to me.
Yeah, not sure about the pleating. I can't for the life of me pull off a trucker jacket, so I'm not sure if this would work either.

yes
do you really even have to ask?
Is it on sale? If so it's probably a good buy. If full price then there are much better options for not much more.
 tell.
yes
Quick question for somebody from the US, preferably NY/NJ:.I'm after chuck taylor/converse shoes. I'm from Spain (Europe) and I've heard that they're much cheaper in the states than they are here..In my town, the classic chuck taylors are prized somewhere between 50 and 90 ($65-$120)..I have friends from new jersey coming to Spain next week on holydays, and I'm thinking on asking them to buy me a pair or two. Should I? That is, is the prize difference really worth it? What are the prizes over there?
Shopping around for a f/w jacket. I would like something wool. I am not opposed to peacoats, but something a bit more "rugged" is preferable to a business feel to the jacket..I will be living in Germany and am looking for something warm, but at the same time I am not opposed to layering, so I don't really need a hugh thick jacket either.
Personally, if you're gonna go with Filson, I'd say get the ., especially that it's available in multiple colors (and now fits!). It's 24oz wool, which is pretty much peacoat thickness, but in a coat. Layer underneath, shell over, and I don't think you'll have problems.
Hmmm.. Good call. Thanks!
These . or these .? I really dig both and I am in dire need of upping my shoe game.
, from COS (69)
yes
cop, i wish COS shipped to the US

do you have a specific jacket in mind? i would avoid anything asos brand except scoop necks and only if those are your style.
I was ideally looking for a cheap windbreaker style jacket- one of those that run a little long.  I only honestly have two jackets though so more jackets wouldn't hurt. However I'm not looking to simply waste money. 
i mean you could check out some anoraks from like ll bean or orvis or something, maybe some sort of jacket from the north face, there's a lot of jackets you could get out there for not that much that are still decent quality

I'm completely up for any suggestions (especially of they're cheaper. Student budget and all...
Should I buy the .?.Can anyone tell me the quality of this bag, and also, which color? I'm leaning towards Tan.

 (the link is just for picture reference) 
wow, those are cool.
i have these (shocking!) and they're great
The style is interesting, but I think the buttons on the waistline are just too busy. The buttons create a contrast with the workwear aesthetic and would probably either stand out too much in an outfit or be concealed altogether in which case why get these particular pants? 
Yes, of course, but where would you get them?

Should I buy these . Sorry for the Finnish site, but I think you get the point.
Nah, i'm not a fan of the suede and leather mix
Semi a request:.I'm . to buy a pair of boots asap. Very interested in the Red Wing Moc Toes and Beckmans that will be offered at Nordstroms. Does anyone with access to the pre-sale know what colors / styles will be offered? If there's anything 1000 mile or in a similar category I would also love to know!.Finally, the should / shouldn't question: Which boot!?!?!?!?
The moc toes in the Nordstrom sale are grey ("charcoal")
I went to the Nordstrom in Glendale, CA yesterday and they had the Beckmans in some type of Brown. Not sure what the exact color was. Of all the boots I saw I'd def go with a brown beckman over anything else they had (unless of course they had 1Ks, but I didn't see any.)
I got the Beckmans in cigar yesterday. They didn't have the moc toes yet and black was the only other color available. The lady told me that more will come in as it comes closer to the actual sale. I was just lucky that they had my size on the first day.
Damn, so I guess there's no way of knowing until the 19th then, or roundabouts..Any idea what the lowest a 1000 mile addison gets?
Maybe just a personal thing, but I find the regular 1000k's look far better than the addison's. Addison's seemed like some kind of forced formality or something and don't really fit with the aesthetic of that type of boot.
No idea, sorry. :/
I've heard that said before. I still can't quite decide between a moc toe and a non-moc toe though, that's my biggest internal debate :/
Are these still a good choice?
I like em. I'd go with navy swoop, but that's just me.
I needed some easy cheap good looking sneakers and I am happy with them. They are common here but you will likely never see them in "the wild" so they are still unique. 
Late as fuck but oh well. Bought a pair of . vans at the vans outlet yesterday for $15. Anyone have a pair? Any outfit suggestions?

nope... too much velcro going on
if you have the wardrobe for them go for it. sucks that they're made in portugal now though.
Do you really think that will translate to a significant decrease in quality?
Honestly have no idea, but I can't see them doing it for any reason other than to cut costs
Not sure if I should get it for an everyday backpack at school.
sure it looks good and cheap but it might not last you long

unless it's on sale. Not really a summer boot imo.
ya i found them for a good price, and they def would be for the winter.

 .It would be my first pair of boots, and I can't decide if its worth the price...
I like the look and have  had what appears to be uncommonly good experience with quality on timberlands. If they are your style, I say go for it. However, at that price, I'm sure MFA will recommend either saving a bit more for red wings, 1000 miles, or something else. I think Katahdins are only like $30 more, and are likely what I'd buy.
No. Timberland usually uses poor quality leather. You're much better off getting some red wings during Nordstrom's sale coming up.
Gotcha. I'll check it out. Thanks!
These hoodies from Urban Outfitters . .These from H and M . . .and finally this . from Jansport. Not sure what color though....If you couldn't tell I'm trying to prepare for Fall in advance this year. 
I can tell I'm ready for fall to begin because I'm looking at sweaters, boots and jackets now. .Also any recs for cargos besides the typical (Uniqlo, W+H)?
yes.yes.eh
 
I'm not liking those roshes.
metrics are a cool concept. I would like a pair but the probably wouldn't get much wear. Also they are sold out fucking everywhere.
Those roshes look straight out of Deus Ex:HR. Everywhere I look they are only in womens sizes tho.
Interested to see how you'd wear the dm's, keep in mind this part.means that the shoes aren't actually resole-able as 1841lodger found out. However the soles are thick enough I can't imagine you having to replace them for awhile. 
yo if you find the roshes in a girls size 6.5 lemme know, my gf wants them.  They're pretty cool looking shoes also.
yes to docs, no to everything else
which docs tho.explain why no to others please also
first one feels p techy/futurey/brutalism-in-a-shoe. hard to articulate the exact vibe i get from it but i don't think it will mesh w/ what you currently wear; feel like docs would be a better shoe choice for ya (due to their accessibility w/ indigo denim and slimmer jeans, as well as rising popularity in the whole indie scene).as for the shirt i just think there are better ones out there for your money. this one's not bad but it doesn't seem like a great match for you compared to other stuff you currently wear.that said if the direction youre taking your style has changed drastically recently i could be off w/ my feedback, i'm just going w/ what i know about u
yeah im kinda seeing now if i got em, the only outfit i can get from it is white tee, black commuter jeans, these shoes and probably a black shell.shirt is nice for me because its reminiscent of flowers but not all the way there. probably would wear as a subtle piece.gonna get docs tho thanks 
get the all black dms. I don't like the norse shirt particularly but thematically it's cool with your focus on florals?
can you actually see a floral pattern in that shirt? ive spent more time than i would like to admit looking at it for some kind of pattern and i dont see it 
well, how it's called "broken leaf" I guess made me think about it..now that I'm looking at it in depth I'm seeing tons of faces all over the place
No on Roshes..Would you wear the DMs? Smooth black is the way to go on those.
yeah id wear em 
I say yes.
wo those roshes.where r those
they were womens only but you could fit if you have smaller feet
pic of shirt?.edit: no on the shirt
looking at getting a pair of either of these.or.I like stonewashed fade, but dislike the white tongue. I want to wear them laced up with either darker colored jeans, or uses them to add some pop to the bottom of some khaki pants. Opinions?
I would get the first pair and let them get beat up on their own. I think they would look good with jeans and khakis as long as you're willing to accept the fact that they will probably give off a very "high-school" vibe. 

nope... i don't like the stripes of leather across the vamp

frye leather isn't the greatest (lots of grain-corrected hide) and their burnishing can be hideous. You really need to see it in person to see if it looks cheap.
, also, i'm a 35-36, should i go for the 33.5in Large or the 36.5in XL?
I'm interested in maybe picking up a pair of these, but I have a question. What can you wear this style of shorts with?
I have some of these and love them.  They are pretty lightweight.  On the sizing i think they have a range since they stretch.  The L is more of a 33.5-35.5. .The medium I got is like a 31, but a 33 if it was complete stretched out
xl. I'm a 33-34 and wear the l.edit: and i fucking love them
I know the quality will likely suck but I really like the quilted look. Thoughts?
Apparently the red wing moc toe sale at nordstrom's only applies to charcoal. This bums me out since I just got some grey jeans I was itching to wear with work boots and a navy chore coat. .Was thinking of getting them in .? Anyone know if Nordstrom will price match amazon if they stock it?
i like them in copper the most
I agree, I was under the impression all colors would be on sale, or at least one a little more versatile than charcoal. If I knew my size I'd just order them right now, I'll probably call and ask about the price matching thing.
ran into the same problem as you, it's a shame.
. Does anyone know how to size on these?
i don't like the jcrew alden indys because they seem distressed a bit.get the ./
Thanks for the info, though I think that may just be J.Crew's photography. Seems like the only real difference between the 403 and J.Crew 405 is that line of stitching on the side.
That's true, also i sized down a full size and its perfect but 0.5 is what i see recommended and is probably safer
Would . shoes look okay in the winter as well as the summer, or should I go for a different color?
If you live in a place where you can actually wear those in winter its fine. .Also just get the regular authentics and buy some boot laces and save yourself 15 bucks.
Cool thanks! I live in the American south so the winters don't get too cold really. I will definitely do that it sounds like a much better idea. 
our legacy first shirt .i like it, its on sale, i know its too much but worried it might be too too much
 or .?
that
this
Not a fan of the big collar band.
That
Flip a coin.
or the huge but short sleeves
Wings and Horns sweatshirt?
thats a good price, go for it.
 or these . Or are there any cheaper alternatives for either?
neither... is there something you don't like about regular camp mocs?
What do you mean by regular camp mocs?

nahh... a Vampire tee would've been fresh 5 yrs ago but today.....
lol what terrible reasoning
I'm pretty sure it's an american apparel tee so if you like the fit of those than yes.
So because the band is more mainstream I shouldnt buy it? That seems stupid.
I agree. If you like the band enough, get the shirt. 
I'm looking for a non-white, non-black sneaker that I can get for casual outfits. Which one of these is most versatile and comfortable? .or.or .or 
574
These . kicks. 
Those are really cool. Buy em
shit dude, get 1 in every color
Yes. I want them myself. 
Great website thank you for sharing
Kanye West - Bound 2?
Yeah that's the inspiration
UH HUH HONEY!
BITCH IM BACK OUTMAH COMA
nah
The most recommended pair of boots on this subreddit, Red wing beckman cigar new for 150..I'm 16, so while half price, it still is a huge purchase for me..Also I run the risk of looking dad-core as hell in high school.
Beckman is going to be in the anniversary sale in Nordstrom... look at them there?
I'm a high school student in Canada and I wore my Katahdins (Similar work boots) to school every day during the winter. It doesn't look out of place at all because everyone else is wearing those timberland boots. I never got any flak for it. Honestly if it fits with the way you dress, I doubt you'll look dadcore.
Those boots are cool as fuck. Get on it..Nah, don't worry about it. I wore a similar pair all last year, (senior year, high school) nothing but compliments.
17, got them yesterday. If you like them you can definitely wear them without looking dad-core. 
dude go for this I don't think it looks dadcore at all. 
I have these and they are awesome
I'm 18 and hopefully getting some soon. Fuck yes.
you're gonna get pooped on for wearing something like this in high school. pick them up and save them for a couple of years
If $250 is all I had in the world.Should I get the redwings new for 150.or .These danner mountain light 2 used/beat up for $60..Both fit well
(Will likely be my only boots other than clarks, and its for winter in canada).Thanks
I'd get the Red Wings.
Get which pair you like best, although I prefer the red wing ones. If you don't have a job or anything and that's all the money you have for months, then you might be best saving it. But that's not fashion related and really is more of a personal decision.
if $250 is all you have in the world.don't spend it on clothes, dude.
Thanks for the help,
I got a job interview today and 
if it goes well I'm probably going to get the red wings.
What? These aren't dadcore at all lol. They are an absolutely excellent pair of boots and Red Wing's service backing alone is impressive enough to warrant the purchase.
At that price, as long as they fit I'd say it's a go. Workboots aren't really dadcore, it's not like you'll be wearing strands.
Care to link the deal?
It's local,
sorry
If you dig the Red Wings I don't think they're too formal for high school, work boots are fine at any age I think. The beckman's are slightly dressier but nothing crazy
Don't get them. The probability that you (i.e., your feet) will change shape and render a good fit bad is very, very high. The probability that your tastes will change is, at that age, even higher..Plus, and this is going to sound harsh, but I think a boot like the Beckman would look very out of place on a high schooler. If I saw a 16 year old with Beckmans, my reaction would be "What the fuck, is that a little kid wearing Red Wings?".When you graduate high school you can start wearing Red Wings, and when you graduate college you can start wearing Allen Edmonds. I think that is a good rule to avoid looking like you're dressing above your age..I saw you mentioned Danners in another comment; I actually think classic hiking boots would be very appropriate for casual wear in high school.
That all said, I still think you have a very valid point that it might make OP look like he's dressing above his age. 
The 4WD of Ugg boots.

you get that one and i'll hunt down a burgundy one and we can match ()
I bought a Norse sweatshirt today. So yeah, go for it. 
Where can I buy one? Couldnt find on their site :(
heck yes
mmmm texture
yah
Love it
yes. that texture is pretty neat.
Bubbles! So yeah.
nahhh man. thats a weird ass boot.
are those really made of dragon leather
Duh you pleb
I don't know why but that sweater has the same pose as you
Its a sign.
you must know some cool dads
 everlane, fruit of the loom, converse.The laces kept riding up to my ankle so I just tied them regularly. I'm on my way back now. There were like 10 international all female bus tour/school groups there it was pretty great ;D Check this guy out 
First time wearing anything other than sweatpants and hoodies, casual part time job interview. .    H&M polo, old navy olive chinos, clarks.Also have navy polo, wondering which color is better

I took all of these with the flash on. I'm an idiot. anyways, .I really don't know what to think. I think the button ups fit well and the jacket might be a liiittle bit big for me, but are the pants too tight and do the blue shoes just don't fit with the skinny jeans?.So many questions -.-
I am mostly wondering how the jeans fit, they feel like they may be too tight, but that may also be me never having raw denim before. Please excuse the hair this is before I put stuff in it.  .Also, I know that graphic t-shirts are generally frowned upon but does this one work? The owls are a baseball team from my elementary school that I played on, and one that my brother plays on now. 
Is this too small?

Do the boots look ok?.
Is the trucker too big?
 : picnic with gf and kitchen fitpics and stuff.these shoes probably weren't a great choice for this, but they were the best I had.... any suggestions?
Is this too small?
I work as a designer. The office is super relaxed on its dress code (you can wear sandals and shorts and a tank top with a baseball cap if you want, I don't want) .I just discovered that there is a Levi's outlet near my home and you guys talk a lot about the 501's so I got a couple of pairs. I also tried buying a larger waist size after reading a thread here about guys with large thighs and they definitely seem to fit better as a 33 instead of a 31. .This is my first post doing this too, soooooooooo, thanks :)
Started hemming my shirts and I kind of messed up on this one, at least 1 inch shorter than the others. Still wearable? And how's the outfit in general? 
I haven't worn a suit or any type of sports jacket since high school prom. Does this jacket fit?.Sorry for the low quality, apparently my phone hates pictures indoors.
Found a pair of converse for $18 at an outlet..H&M, Levis 511, Converse

First time posting after many months of browsing and some weight loss, starting off slow and building from there.. .H&M Shirt.Levi 508 Jeans.Vans Trainers.Timex Weekender.Bonus of my dog in the picture too, you are welcome.
BR Tailored Slim fit / Dockers D1s / AE Wilberts.Feedback me. Please ignore the weird V shape my body does in one of those pictures. I have my feet right together for some reason, looks odd to me now and I can't unsee it. 
 Thoughts?
What's the difference between this and WAYWT?
[deleted]
Izod / Merona / ASOS
Hey guys, new here, trying to see if these clothes I bought fit and such, figured this was the place to go..Sorry for the awful posture and depressed expressions, it's really muggy here in NY and I was kinda wilting. :x.Since this is my first time not wearing t-shirts in forever, I figured I probably broke some rules or something, so feel free to tell me what I did wrong!

Brand new bespoke suit I am currently obsessed with. It cost a penny, so I'm hoping you all think it was worth it! I'm also very interested in shirt/tie color combination recommendations for this suit with these shoes. I need help in that department I think.
.
.
But yea, broadly, how am I doing?
 feel like the body is too billowy, but is that ok for a sweater like this?  Also I'm pretty sure its suppose to be a dropped shoulder as the sleeves fit well and I never have problems with sleeve length.
I think I need to size up in the Zespys. The calves are a little too tight for my liking but I still like them.

Just for chilling with some friends. 
Pac Sun x H&M x Steve Madden

I'd say first.
probably the first since it's more "summery."
what if it's actually winter?
then go with the darker one, which would look good with dark jeans and chinos 
I love this new sportcoat but as I feared it might be too short.  .It is cotton/linen so casual.  Am I pulling this off?
I think the length is fine, though keep in mind I have a tendency to like a more modern cut. The sleeve length is good going by the third photo. The photos are pretty dark so I can't be sure, but the shoulders look fine too. However the fit on the body looks rather boxy, it doesn't accentuate your silhouette.
Thanks, I think I could get it tailored a bit but I am not super slim either and this doesn't have much shoulder padding.I am going to give the L a try which is 1 inch longer
I've yet to receive any feedback in the WAYWT threads, so I posted here
.
.

Cuff in the last pic but other than that it's all good.
Thanks for the feedback.
can't see shit, but i think the v necks are too angular for the rolled up hems and loafers. let it be known that i've always preferred crew neck, though. in the third pic, viscerally those particular pieces worn that particular way make you look like a dork. too uptight? unbutton a button maybe? also i'm not fond of the color or shape of the shoes there.
Thanks for the feedback.
Hey man, pics are pretty far away, hard to tell
Yeah, I know. I'm hopefully going to get a new camera soon, though.
personally i'm thinking more and more that v necks really require a certain physique to do right, so i don't really like commenting about that..otherwise, they are decent but kind of mundane for a waywt thread. it has something to do the whole basics only paradigm.
Why cuff?
Because he's wearing Sperry's and he's not wearing socks.
Rainy day today. There is more contrast between the shirt and jeans than what is seen here. The jeans are a very dark wash, but the lighting makes them look black..BDG/American Apparel (Death Cab for Cutie T)/American Eagle Skinny/New Balance 574 Windbreaker
The jeans appear very baggy. Not a fan of the shoes either :/ also the fact that your shoes are black, you have dark wash jeans, and a black shirt isn't doing you and favors either. 
purple on those shoes is not working in this
New balance color scheme isn't working here. As well, jeans that cuffed higher would make them look better. A gray color would work a lot better, and the purple laces aren't working at all.
Okay, so the general consensus on this post is that no one likes the shoes. If you guys had these shoes what would you wear with them? Not being defensive, just curious. 
I said in my comment: gray new balances with stock laces would look a lot better here
I get that. Thank you for the suggestion, but I'm asking what would you wear when wearing these shoes?
oh shit i can't read, sorry. umm either go all monochrome, to work with the black (no purple laces,) or get different color pants, in say gray or something that goes with black. Maybe burgundy?
I have a ton of issues with t shirts and some polos becoming bells. They flair like crazy at the bottom. Is it just a poor cut for me or what? No I don't have a gut that pushes the shirt away .H&M divide v-neck
.
.

Honestly that's not even noticeable. If it bugs you then maybe try another brand with a more substantial material.
That's basically what I was looking for. If it was super noticeable or not 
Mixing casual and formal elements.  
It doesn't work man. Mocs don't work with the blazer and a v-neck under a blazer is a bad look. The color of your jeans is also to close to the color of your jacket.
Cool, man.  Thanks for the advice.  All of those things were stuff I was aware of, I just wanted to see if breaking those rules could make something good.  I wanted to give the illusion of a suit with the same color pants and jacket, but, with the pants being jeans, still have it come across of somewhat casual.  Although, If it doesn't work, then it doesn't work.
Yeah rules can be broken it's just harder when those rules regard formality.
I would really only ever wear this in a casual setting; on the whole the pieces are all casual.  White v-neck, jeans, mocs, and even the blazer itself is fairly casual for a blazer(it has a matte color with pretty noticeable texturing). It's really just the uniform color/lack of any design that makes one think of a formal context.  I think the shoes could definitely be replaced (maybe with white bucks).  Haha, I don't know.  I'm rambling.  Thanks for the advice again!
Just got a Pennfield Lockwood in Khaki. Ordered a medium, not sure if too large. (About 5'8-9, 170lbs).
I have a .. I feel it almost looks too purse-y. What do you guys think?.Edit: too*
Wear it on your back, not on your side. Tighten up the strap more.
It definitely looks too billowy for you. Sometimes it'd be okay, but with the cableknit pattern, it looks like it fits like an old lady dress, in my opinion.
I like the pattern of the cloth and how the lapels aren't super narrow.
The tie is too loose, but its color and the shirt's color look fine with the suit and the shoes. .Holding both arms up in the first picture makes it difficult to see how the sleeves fit. The body is a bit distorted too, but it seems like it'd be good with your arms at your sides. The second picture makes you look like you have a big ass. Might be because you're holding your arm up again.
Love the vespys, sizing up would be perfect. 
I'm not feeling the calves on those pants. They have little breaks in the thigh and below the calf, but the calf is just an awkward dead zone.
It's not a great picture to tell fit, but everything seems pretty good. The tie seems long though. 
It's his vest at the bottom.
nothing fits particularly well in outfits one and two and shirt three is baggy in the back. i really don't like the second shirt: double chest pocket + that button on the arm + the shirt pattern all combined is just really busy and tacky. Also, no-show socks would create a look that's way less sloppy. 
Alright, for the shirts, it is just because they seem too baggy? I feel they looked especially strange in these pictures (possibly because I was all hunched over and sticky, but I'm not sure.).Also for the second shirt, am I supposed to use that arm button thing? It's convenient, but I feel like I'm probably better off cuffing it normally, although that does leave a weird strap thing chilling in my sleeve.
I think the first shirt fits worst. A little bit too baggy. The other two are fine. You're a very skinny guy, so you're not going to be able to get much better than that, I don't think..I'd say that the second shirt isn't a very good one, but you pretty much have to use the cuff strap things. Otherwise you just kind of have buttons stitched to your sleeves, which is odd.
yeah, gonna hit the gym in august to try and bulk up a bit. I guess filling out shirts will be a nice little side effect. 
The cuffing on the jeans looks strange, maybe get them hemmed instead. The shoes are too close oh color to the jeans. 
Fit looks pretty good to me, although it would be ideal if you get someone to take a picture of you so you could put your arms down. Definitely invest in a couple of pocket squares though as they'd finish this look off nicely.
great idea! Thanks.
Can't agree with you on the bucket hat.
Its been trending a bit lately, but I agree I don't think it works with OPs look.
2nd 
no to cuff
First goes better with the pants, second goes better with the shoes imo
Looks good. Not my favorite two colors together but still looks fine.
first. cool fit btw
I like outfits 2 and 3 the best, #3 being my favorite. I think they all fit well despite what another poster said. My issue with #1 is that the shorts don't match. I think you need darker shorts (like the ones in #2), or you different shoes. Try sperry boat shoes.
Would navy work? I'm still not sure how colors work I think. Read the guide, and it seems that I wouldn't want too much color, since the shirt's bright, should I try to keep the shorts more neutral?
Different shoes imo.
What color shoes would be better?
Burgundy, brown, black, navy. At this point I think that any muted color that offers some contrast would be better. There's just no visual break between the shoes and the pants..Other than that, the fit on everything else is great.
I agree. I will put some navy or brown shoes on.
Damn, that is NICE. I love the color scheme.
Very nice. 
Thank you all for your kind words :)
I like the colors of the shirt and shorts together, but I think the two different colors on the shoes just draw attention to them and make them seem less... good together, if that makes any sense. I think solid-colored shoes would be a much better choice in this, good fit though
Looks fine to me, as long as slim fit is your thing.
Depends how conservative you want to look. You like boxy, it fits pretty well. You want slim and modern, it does not fit well.
Yohji level
Probably going to be hard to find anything not MTM that fits me, as I'm so skinny. 
Boots look great. The trucker looks like it's a size too big.
Does this one look too small?
No, It doesn't look too small.
Middle one, though try a pinroll.
You look like jaime lannister. That's not a bad thing
I love Jaime Lannister! And iirc that actor is Danish and my grandfather was Swedish making us both Scandanavian! :)
it looks short, but i think it's alright to wear it the way you are now..rest of the fit looks good.
It can be fixed. You'd probably have to sink about $40-50 in tailoring though.
I think you just won converse fits. Well put together.
I really want a gangar sweater now..
Jacket fits really well in the shoulder and body but the sleeves are a tad long; not fixable for the date but for the future. Good luck!
Fit on the jeans and shirts are great. On the other hand there's not enough contrast between your tops and bottoms and the shoes in the first fit are a bit weak in my opinion.

I don't think so, no. I'm not a fan of the shoes, but there's still a contrast problem. Your jeans seem a bit long, so cuffing them would both reduce the length and (assuming they're white weft jeans) break the dark jean into dark shoe transition. The jeans also look a bit looser through your lower leg, so a chunkier shoe would help even things out. .I think something like . or . would look awesome. Those are New Balance 574's and can be found for ~50$ shipped from 6pm.com. 
Hard to tell much from the picture:.The shoulder seems alright, but the sleeves are definitely too short.  Jacket length is probably about right. .I'd highly recommend backing off the gold buttons, especially on a grey sportscoat (they're more accepted on a Navy).  They are extremely noticeable, and it's a very difficult thing to pull off.  Most the time, the gold buttons make someone look like they're trying to emulate an upscale look that they really don't understand. .EDIT: Grey is actually a relatively difficult color for a blazer too.  If you don't have a big selection I'd probably say stay away from it.  
I'd suggest different shoes. They seem too close in color to your pants.
Button up fits pretty well. It's sorta long, but not excessively so..The jeans look fine, they don't look too tight. I'd prefer a darker wash, though. Are you physically uncomfortable wearing them?.The shoes work with this wash of jean, but if you decide to go after a darker wash you might want to switch to white or gray sneakers. The jacket is fine.
I feel as if both the shirt and jeans were made for someone who's 6'2, I'm just barely six feet so the shirt does seem a bit too long. The jeans are comfortable!
The boots work pretty well with this outfit IMO, although I would suggest something with a slimmer/sleeker profile to go better with your slim jeans.
I probably should. Some thin jacket that isn't denim.
Man that's a short inseam
It's a 32, and it juuuuust barely shows ankle when I stand up straight. .That's kinda the 'vibe' I'm going for. Maybe I should roll the cuffs to make it more intentional? Or switch to Sperrys? 
EDIT to add: You can't really get 30x34 Dockers from what I've found. :( .EDIT two: Dockers.com actually has some 30x34 in reasonable colors in D1, I might check them out. Next chino purchase will probably be bonobos anyway, though. 
I think cuffing would definitely help 
Noted, thanks. 
Can't see your shoes very well but everything looks good.
It's seems to be a very boxy fit, being big everywhere and very short in the sleeves. 
Blazer and a bright yellow V-neck really clashes formality wise.
are v-necks more casual than crew collars? 
I'd just say any T-shirt is way too informal to pair with a blazer.
noted! :) thank you
The shirt looks a bit short.
fit looks good. it may be a little large in the shoulders (see pic 3) but is alright. nice cat.
Everything is good except the shoes. The laces are way too prominent. Try some vans, or maybe some jack purcells
I have a pair of olive plimsolls, but I didn't think they'd go well with the shade of blue of the shorts... what color shoes would you suggest? do you think the shoes would look better with thinner laces? I have some extra white ones on hand
yea, try the other laces
when you re-lace them i think bar lacing might look better
OF&FC = "does this fit/look good?".WAYWT = "this looks good check it out"
too big and boxy. 
WAYWT is more like a contest to see who has the best fit and this is for people who want to know if their fit looks good.
i think it's a bit more than "who has the best fit", i think it's "i want to share this fit; i think it is worth sharing"
no black shirt. Light blue, or something else. 
The yellow v neck looks off with your blazer. I'd go with white or something. Also perhaps tighter jeans... I'm not sure if your in America but 511's maybe? 
yup, I'm in America! I have issue with tighter jeans because my thighs are kind of big and they aren't that comfortable. .A question about the white shirt thing, I have very fair skin, like, lily white, and I was reading here to avoid light colors like that. Is this a cardinal rule or is it flexible?
Yellow is quite a bright color, and it clashes with the muted color of your blazer in my opinion. The color white matches pretty much everything, and in my opinion white would go well with your skin tone. Try tapered jeans, they'd be slimmer in the shin area and wouldn't hug your thighs.  
That shirt looks really awkward. Maybe try it unbuttoned? Or you could wear an undershirt and leave the bottom button undone.
Looks good.
There are some very good guides in the sidebar about how those should fit. All it really takes is knowing what to look for and some patience. I had to have tried on 20-30 jackets when I was looking for a sports coat to wear for work. 
It's a little short, but still wearable in my opinion. Outfit looks great though.
Probably because of the last button being so close to the hem
This kind of graphic tee is fine because it has some kind of meaning to you. The fit of your jeans looks fine but they look like they are too long. You should try cuffin them. What boots are those? They look nice.
Thank you for the feedback. I am on the fence as to whether or not I should get the jeans hemmed or cuff them. I have never tried cuffing before so I may give it a shot and see how I like it. .The boots are Red Wing Iron Rangers in Amber Harness.
I think cuffed raw denim looks awesome//
Wear it with jeans and a plain white/light grey shirt, tuck in said shirt and bingo, this thing looks alright. .Ps: enclosed shoes with long pants is a cool idea
Outfit looks good, unfortunately that shirt looks really awkward.
I don't really think it's that noticeable unless you draw attention to it. Or you lift your arms above your head.
Someone mentioned that the problem might actually be that the button is so close to them hem, making it look off.
I still don't think it's that big a deal. I wouldn't scrap the shirt because of it.
did you bleach those jeans? Because i like them. 
You see, I used to wear the worst clothes; baggy jeans, awful t-shirts, hoodies that were too big for me and a pair of worn out running shoes or skater shoes. I thought I'd try out some new stuff to see how I like it.
no black shirt. switch for a white or light blue one. not so sure about the jacket either
It's supposed to be cropped like that; if you don't like it however then yes it is too small. The jacket does seem to fit in the shoulders.
Go with a lighter blue shirt here instead. No tie.
looks good, sleeves look they might be a liiiitle bit long though
Shoulders fit, just make sure the sides are even. In the second photo one side is hiked up and the other is drooping a little..Length no idea, can't tell with that photo.
up vote for dog.
I agree that the middle looks the best out of the three, but have you considered just getting them hemmed?
I feel like the stacking in the jeans makes it look more awkward than anything. Maybe get them hemmed to take out some of the slop 
I don't think I know what stacking means.
Oops! Sorry. Bunching at the bottom of the pants from them being long in the inseam 
ah ok, thanks! Could I curb this problem in the future by buying shorter? like 30 instead of 32 length? but then i dont want them to be high waters..,
Find a local tailor. 501 STF are great jeans. Buy them 1" up in the waist and 2" in the inseam. Soak as listed then take them to a tailor to have them hemmed or otherwise fitted if necessary. Would only set you back $15 and totally worth it 
by soak, do you mean, in water?

Drop the shirt.  Go with something lighter.
Pants need to be tailored, everything else looks fine. Shoes are nearly the same color as the pants, not a great look. Maybe a dark brown shoe?
I switched to dark brown shoes much better thanks for the help
pants/shoes too close in color, pants could be cuffed or hemmed as they don't break on the shoes too well
No problem!
Could just be the picture, but the pants and shoes look a little too close in color.
Shorts that long and wide remind me of basketball shorts/gym shorts in a bad way.
Banana Republic/J. Crew/Bass
shirt and shorts look really big on you. it comes across as playing dress up in your dads clothing. .size down on the shirt (try not to make it a dress shirt next time).and get a slimmer opening on the shorts.
May I ask why not a dress shirt?  If you want a fit of a v neck I posted a question about belts with a pic of a summer outfit which you can see the posts about how the fit isn't great on that either.

Dress shirt=extremely formal. Chino shorts=extremely informal. Pairing them is like pairing dress pants with a graphic tee..I think the shirt you're looking for is an OCBD--informal enough to be worn with shorts, but it still maintains the look you were going for here.
Ok then what makes the difference between and OCBD (a type of cloth/weave) and what I am wearing (I don't know what it is but it is not a linen so probably not the most formal weave (it could be a poplin))?
shoes and shorts say casual while shirt says more formal
What kind of shoes/shorts would you recommend for more formal then if the shirt is more formal?
i'd recommend navy chinos and dress shoes but i don't because im not seeing a reason to dress up
What kind of dress shoes (not allen edmonds cause I don't have a bunch of dough) for say under $100?  The navy chinos I have.
jcp wingtips if theyre still around
. A dress shirt, like the one you're wearing, is different in every way, really. The only thing they have in common is that they have a collar.
Two things: 1. There are many different types of so called "Dress shirts" and 2. An OCBD/poplin/linen/oxford/etc. and whatever I am wearing (I believe poplin since you think it is dressier and poplin is on the dressy side)  is only different based on material and weave which shows quite a bit.  On the other hand all of these types of shirts are long sleeve (well the ones I own, you can also get short sleeve), button down, and have a collar.  The difference is again based off of weave/texture/cloth material/buttons on collar/maybe button type.  If this is not true and I am way off base then correct me but I believe this to be true and if not I have no clue how to differentiate between different shirts and should start over at square one.
something something something shorts not short enough 
With the fit of the tee and hi-tops I'd say shorts are a good length.
They look really long but i think its the camera angle bc they stop at the knee which is still pretty long for MFA but you know
probably just me, but I feel like the polo's floppy collar would look a little better with one more button buttoned.other than that, everything looks good, only other thing is the shoe-pants thing that's already been mentioned
I don't want to be that guy but...how have you gotten to this point in your life without ever wearing a button up shirt or jeans/chinos?
Yeah its sad,
literally all i wore in sophomore year was smelly sweatpants and hoodies.
Haha well at least you're making an effort now, not bad for a first stab
[deleted]
Can't tell much of the fit from this angle. Try standing up next time. Try shorter socks. At the moment they make your legs look shorter. As well, try something other than camo for summer. It's a pattern better used in fall/winter
Big no on the rosery. Just no.
reply to the OP, not someone else's comment
The pants look baggy, specifically in the thigh. It looks like you could do to lose a half to a whole inch there to slime down the leg and get rid of that draping which I personally feel detracts..Someone else mentioned buttoned the polo up once, I personally always undo two buttons on a polo unless it's a 2-button, then I just undo one.
Busch gardens rock
did u go on the shikra

It's kind of on the verge, where we don't know whether if its purposely long or not.
I need more clothes. Wore this last Friday but with different shoes. Keeping it simple at the office on a Thursday though. .Not sure on the shoes. I've worn them a few times but I am second guessing the rubber sole on them. What do you guys think? .Uniqlo OCBD 
GAP jeans 
Calvin Klein suede wing tips.
.
.

Looks great for a simple fit!
Nice roll on the sleeves!
Nice fit. You got some dope hair too.
solid
Wow, I remember when you began posting fits, they've gotten perfect.
Just recently started caring about what I wear and all of this is from my first real shopping spree. How does it look?.Something casual for school 
everything appears to fit well and colors go together nicely.you do have some pocket flare going on though but honestly the holistic outfit looks fine
It looks great; exactly what I would wear. 
Pretty damn good man just avoid tucking the shirt over the belt.
Is that generally a bad thing to do or does it just not fit with those clothes
It's generally a bad thing. I used to do it a little bit when I had new belts or my shoes didn't match anything else in the outfit but people around here convinced me that you kinda look like a twat. It just ruins the lines of the clothing and makes it look like your trying too hard; anytime your moving around people are going to see the belt anyway.
Hope I'm not too late 
Someone else can speak to the fit, but I don't like the color scheme. If you had an item that popped a little bit I think it'd work a lot better. Everything is too muted.  
This is one of those times that a white T-Shirt would pretty vastly improve the outfit.
Don't tuck your jeans under the tongue of your shoes and either cuff your jeans or get them hemmed.
I don't think they need to be hemmed, I don't like this obsession with small details in jeans fit. They look fine as they are.
Yeah they look ok but they could look better by doing something as simple as cuffing.
I think everything looks pretty good. I agree that you shouldn't tuck your jeans into the tongue though. 
Got new stuff yesterday from H&M, here's some of them. . This outfit was for going out with friends.
Your hair is glorious. 
:D thanks, I was just thinking of doing something to it, but if this is the case...
Looks fine.  If I had to critique maybe the shoes are a bit matchy with the shirt.
I swear you're about to fall over in some of the shots
Yeah, I don't have a clue what is up with that MJ stance :D
Fit on everything looks pretty good. I'm personally not a fan of the pink shoes, but if you like em they work. 
Good to hear! And the shoes seem to be pinkish in these photos, not sure why, I tried to get the white balance right. In reality they are red, not pink.
watch and shoes look very matchy. Fit on everything is perfect though. Nice haircut. 
Thanks, it's nice to get feedback!
I got this Carhartt parka for like $100 on sale. The fit is a tiny bit tight in the upper body, but it feels fine unzipped.
Well now I know what parka I want
What size are you? This one is an XS and just a bit too small in the shoulders I think.
Unfortunately I am between small and medium (40 chest)
Oh okay. I'm probably gonna have to return then.
Did you just buy them from a WIP site sale or another vendor?
I bought it from yoox. I think they only had XS when I ordered.
Looks good. You could also wear it 3/4 zipped.
Yeah, that was way more comfortable than having it zipped all the way up. It's really rigid right now.
parka is fucking sweet and would totally buy it if it my size
Looks fine man! 
the more you wear it on your back the less purse-y it will look.
I didn't get any feedback in the WAYWT thread yesterday, so I figured I'd post the same fit here.
I like this fit a lot. Are those pants grey? Whatever they are I really like the way they look with the olive shoes. 
Yep, they are grey.
Looks good. I'm curious to see if it would look better with a tight tuck in. Would you post another?
Cool, shoes look a little bit dark, but good fit.
How can I better incorporate olive shoes? I picked them up for $10 and am lost on how to wear them, which is weird because I find olive to be a versatile color.
I think they could work well with a darker blue jean.
Khaki is a good colour, Keep it within earth tones, blue works, but perhaps a lighter blue, and a slate grey would look good.  I just think of military colours when I think of olive..i.e.: I would wear a blue OCBD, slate grey chinos with those.
I'll experiment a bit with those options. Thank you for your help!
No problem... Your bottom half looks so dark, and if you had a medium colour, I think it would work better.
I guess other people are thinking they're two dark for the pants. I kind of like it though. Haha. 
Fit looks good, and so does the  contrast. Great basic fit
Sleeves on the shirt look a tad long to me, and the shoes could do with a bit more colour
everything is really good until you get to the shoes. they work, but it could be better. something with more contrast to the pant would blend in less, and look better
 .How do the shoes look with the outfit? 
Shoes work.
you're good to go.
Looks pretty good.a Also hem the whiskers and tailor the ears.
whats going on with your shirt buttons. top 2 + bottom 2 undone i just dont see what you're trying to do.
It was super hot out, is that not a thing to do when its hot out? I also only left 1 bottom button undone, it looks like 2 in the picture. 
Top two unbuttoned (collar plus one), all bottom buttoned
Thanks!
Zoomed in, definitely 2 buttons undone on top and bottom.
Ya, you're right. Lesson learnt. 
Yea if I saw a guy carrying this I would think it looks like a large purse...sorry. 
It does not. 
Ah, oh well it was 2 bucks. I'll donate it to the costume department I suppose.
W+H, Obey, New Balance
New balances aren't contrasting too well with the pants :(
What do you mean? They contrast a lot with pants. Did you mean they don't complement the pants?
Yeah that's what I was afraid of
If you can post a picture with better lighting, I think it may work. It could be just the lighting of the picture. Because yellow and green definitely can work together.
gray nb much better here, that or like burgundy. yellow is too standout-ish. i guess you could cuff the pants high to really show them off, but then I think that a different top would be needed
Yes, I think they are to strong of a color to complement the pants.
Are those the j crew new balances?
They are not, I picked them up at a Nordstrom rack actually. 
Posts criticizing the shoes for being too bright or standout are the expected MFA responses. Since the rest of the outfit fits well and is muted, I love the bright NB's here and I say rock them. I appreciate a lot of the advice I get here because there are some great thoughts but sometimes it gets a little too 'stuffy', not everything has to be blue ocbd, fitted cargos, and white achilies lows.
What kind of New Balances are those?
They look like the 574 Backpack in yellow. 
The 420s
yellow shoes are cool
So now I just need more uniqlo right?
That's always the answer.
A few school/performance outfits from this past winter/spring:
Sweet style!
Pretty sick and out there. I normally play it safe because I lack the confidence to pick and mix colours like this. I'm not into the bow tie, but that's just me. I like both fits.
Are these school/performance outfits or school performance outfits
Pants and sleeves both being red looks kind of off, but everything is good and unique
Bowtie seems a bit out of place in the second fit. Like your style as a whole though.
I don't really like the pattern of the shirt underneath the sweater in the first fit, but that's more of a personal preference. I also agree that the bowtie is a little much in the second fit. Otherwise it all looks really cool. Good stuff 
I'll be honest I kind of hate the first fit due to the colors and patterns (I don't wear a lot of either so what do I know really) but I think the boots and pants are really sweet. second fit is awesome and you look pretty cool in the picture and seem very collected while wearing your stuff which is good but the bow tie definitely says "swag is for boys ." in a negative way to me.
Fit looks good. Pretty cool style. I like it, bow tie is a bit too much on the second one.
thanks for da feedback!

Sun washed Oxford shorts right? I love mine 
They're the 9 inch Gramercy shorts IIRC.
Yup those are them. 
Love that color of Sperrys.  Looking to get a pair like that soon myself.  How's the quality of the shirt?
I, too finally ditched the terrible cargo shorts for J Crew + Sperry's this summer. Lookin' good.
Regardless of whether this is going to end up being 'your' final 'style,' I still just wanna say that this looks SO much better than before. 
yo, i dont mean to be negative or anything but i dont think this fits your style at all. Your face and plugs give off a very different feel and aesthetic than the preppy style you got going on now. Preppy looks wonderful but it just doesnt look like "you". you look happy though so correct me if im wrong
Hey man, appreciate the feedback. To be honest I've never had much fashion sense and was always more of a band t-shirts and jeans kind of guy (that or weird thrift store clothes). I've been trying to figure out a way to dress a little more like a grown-up, but I still want to keep some of my "past life" with me (the plugs -- up until a few years ago I still had super long hair), if that makes sense.
you can still make that all work as long as everything fits well. regarding dressing a little more grown up, i suppose this is a great step towards that so keep at it
I hope you still wear that tee shirt. It fits you good
I agree. I didn't like the shorts or shoes in his first pic, but the shirt is great.
bow tie is incongruous, looks very peacocky matched with a varsity
Everyone here is suggesting you get either white, light blue, or light pinkwhich is great, and you should, but definitely branch your palette out a bit. I work in IT Communications, and I wear a range of oxford button-ups, with colors such as light blue, light pink, a light purple, a tealish oxford, and some patterned shirts as well. .Look at the . from Gap's modern oxford line. Most of those are really safe and versatile. A general rule of thumb is to avoid dark colors..While you probably don't want to hear it, you're best off ditching the black and the grey shirt. Both are really stark colors and are not good choices for shirts (a grey blazer, however, would be nice!).Mix those color shirts with either tan, navy blue, or grey chinos with a nice pair of brown shoes and you're golden. Given your size, you may have to look around a bit more and get things tailored, but it is worth it. You are much better received in the workplace if you are perceived as well-dressedyou come off as competent, much more likable, and it is easier to garner respect..edit: while i said avoid dark colors, also avoid overly-flamboyant like a super hot pink or an obnoxious yellow or orange.
Like the others have said, white, light blue, light pink..But feel free to add in some muted patterns. Soft plaid, micro-houndstooth, or windowpane are great as long as you stick to the same muted colors and don't go with anything too bold.
I work in IT at a really large company.  PM me and we can talk about some things if you would like... Also interested in knowing what company..I wear a royal blue, a pink/rose-ish color, a dark green, a lighter blue, and a solid vibrant red shirt most often at work.  I have others but those are those are the ones that if they are clean, I pick first.  I also tend to be a black slacks and black shoes kinda guy, so those would change if I had brown pants/shoes or navy pants/brown shoes or whatever
[deleted]
I'd second this, especially because the few I have tend to run a bit long, which he might need seeing as he's tall and skinny. 
Black button downs are the worst. Avoid it like the plague. Just get white, light blue and maybe pink and you're set. 
But it's slimming and matches my black hair and black glasses.
I have one, and I always feel like I'm going to a funeral when I wear it (so I don't often). Are there any reasons other than that?
You look like a waiter wearing it. 
Yes. That's one reason. I just find them super tacky - like high school prom tacky. You aren't in high school anymore. Don't dress like it. 
white, light blue, light pink are the most basic..Stay away from vivid colors and darks such as black or grey (sorry).
Next up would be any sort of lighter neutral colors:.Even some darker neutrals can work with the right outfit:
Most people don't understand what colors to wear for business casual. Just wear well fitting white, light blue, and light pink shirts with khaki, navy, or gray pants and brown shoes and people will think you're a sharp dresser.
Hello from a fellow co-op! I'm finishing up my final rotation this summer myself! If you can't tell from my username, I go to Auburn University..Anyways, to your question: If you're in IT, it's probably not that big of a deal how you dress. To stand out, though, you should definitely care!.If you can afford it, drop $15 per shirt to have them tailored. Think of it as part of the cost of the shirt. So, if your shirt costs $20, it really costs $35. Trust me, a tailored shirt will make you look much, much better than everyone around you! If you read nothing else I write, then read this: get your nicer shirts tailored!.Colors: subdued colors are best. As previous poster said, white, light blue, light pink, and combinations of these colors are best. Don't be scared to pick up a couple patterns, either, like gingham or university stripe..Recommendations: Nordstrom is having a sale starting next sunday, and they will have calibrate dress shirts for $30 if memory serves. These are great dress shirts and will make you look pretty dang good. Depending on how they fit, you may not even need to get them tailored! There's always JC penney as well..Examples: I have these dress shirts, as a college student: White, pale blue (both DUH basically), blue university stripe (basically slightly wider than a fancy pinstripe), pink, and navy blue gingham. I had them tailored by a family friend who only charged $5 per shirt thankfully, so a great deal!
Not sure why this was at 0. All around great advice!
like this poster said, it won't matter as much but you should still take care to wear shirts that fit well..If they don't fit well off the rack (which it doesn't sound like they will) try to have them tailored a bit. or consider finding a place where the shirts may cost more, but fit well off the rack to save the hassle of tailoring.
I actually got the idea for 5 dress shirts and 5 ties from Mens Wearhouse. They love that spiel, but it got me thinking. If I buy 5 good shirts, and 5 or so good ties that go well with every single shirt, then I have 25 outfits (and that doesn't even include pants and shoes and whatnot). Talk about saving money!.Not every tie I have goes with every shirt, but it's enough so that the customization options keep me super happy. and it's so much cheaper that way..TL/DR plan out your ties and shirts for work all at once, and buy ties that go with every shirt and vice-versa. 5 shirts + 5 ties that go with every shirt = 25 outfits!
Just also remember, OP, to avoid wearing a tie if it isn't accompanied with a blazer. Otherwise, you're better off without it.
Valid, although like every rule there are exceptions. I personally think a knit tie with a cardigan, when done right, looks great in the fall.
Yeah, I think it could definitely work with a cardigananything that works as an outer layer, really.
Absolutely. A $25 shirt from JC Penney that's been tailored will honestly look better than a $98 polo ralph lauren shirt that hasn't been tailored and mushrooms out. Shocking, but true. Now, the quality may not be as great, and the shirt may not hold up as long, but damn you're going to look a lot better.
If you can, try returning the 2 black shoes. They're much less versatile, especially in the summer. . has got the goodies to what you should do for a new wardrobe..You got a nice, basic wardrobe. I'm glad you were able to do this. I have a feeling you're going to be really good with the choices you've already made as a beginner and taking the time to research things. Also, thank you for not posting a "I'm a beginner, here's my outfit, wat do" post and posting this with an idea to what you like..Keep going at it. And post to WAYWT and Outfit Feedback & Fit Check sometimes too!
You want to pair shirts and shorts that are contrasting colors, which will visually break up your outfit. Navy and white /grey is a good choice, as is khaki and navy / light blue / white. It doesn't really matter, as long the colors aren't too similar, such as black and navy..Black isn't as versatile a color as you might think. Try to aim for more grey, brown, tan, navy, and olive if you want versatile colors..A white or navy pair of shoes would help to round out your shoes a little. If you're looking for a specific suggestion, there was a post not long ago about Tretorn Nylites which you might find interesting.
I would suggest gray Chucks for another pair of shoes. Also, what dakaf_fal said regarding matching.
eat more, lift weights 
Or he could be like me and he does eat and lift for gains just to fit into XS
Made to measure.
am appy xxs
Club Monaco XS shirts
The club Monaco xs slim shirts that I own are all bigger than my uniqlo ones. Do I have weird shirts? 
My only guess is the specific "model" of shirt from CM. But the two overdyed oxfords I got fit way better than my qlo oxfords
Uniqlo Kids
haha, i looked at this, but it seems like the largest uniqlo kids is too small for me. The uniqlo xs slim shoulder width is 16.5" which is perfect for me. The largest uniqlo kids shoulder width is 14.5". 
Your tailors are over charging you. Should be half that.
Honestly, learn how to take in your own shirts. There are a couple good guides on here, and you can get a vintage sewing machine for like <$50.  It took me around 5 hours to get acquainted with my machine, and now I can do everything I need to do some decent slimming. Check out the side bar guide, and the one by ~steu posted in .. If there's an interest I could make a video guide to accompany the guides on the sidebars, though I don't do everything perfect, it takes a $3 thrifted shirt and makes it look decent. 
I think this is the best route for me. I have a sewing machine but it works when it want to and am thinking its a better investment if i get it fixed..The biggest problem for me when sewing is right around the armpits. If I take in the shirt but not the sleeves then there's wrinkles that appear near the armpit area. I dont know if these go away if I also slim down the sleeves or if the weight of the fabric on the inside is causing the wrinkles.
I honestly just take in the sleeves too, and taper to the existing cuff. You could probably just do a tiny taper from the armpit to the sleeve edge under the armpit where it won't really be seen and get away with it. 
Taking it to the tailor would probably be the cheapest and best bet. There are very few companies (gitman brothers vintage, gant rugger, band of outsiders)  out there who make shirts that fit well for skinnys guys like myself and you. Also they are much more expensive. 
You heard correctly, I have a pair of boots and I bought to size. I really wish I bought a half-size under. .Also, congratulations, you'll have those boots forever. 
They should.
My iron rangers were perfect width at first, now they're a bit loose width wise : (
Yes. I'm a true 9 and bought an 8.5. They felt narrow at first, but now they fit like a glove. It's part of the breaking in process.
Thanks!
Did you buy the pair in your usual boot size or usual shoe size? I've just forked out for a pair of IRs a half size under my usual shoe size and now I'm worried.
A half size under my usual shoe size. I mean, it's not the end of the world, I can wear them. But my shoe size is 9 1/2 and I'm kicking myself for not getting 9's.
Half size under normal shoe size. 
I'm both excited and scared.
Thanks
the colors fine i think, but i wouldnt wear them with khaki chinos, they might look a little too similar
Just undo/redo the laces whenever you take them off or put them on.
You could just ignore the top eyelets. .There's a technique of tying (saw it on here, can't remember the name) where you loop the laces back through themselves, after the last speed hook. I find this keeps my laces locked in on my Katahdins and also makes for a very speedy removal.
try uniqlo or j. crew
I've looked at both of these sites, but I can only find pretty blue shirts. Let me post the shirts next to each other for comparison: ., ., and .. The J. Crew and Uniqlo have a nice, solid blue, whereas the one from the Gap is more desaturated and has a lighter, less prevalent blue. .I know I'm being really specific here, but I'd rather wait until I find the right shirt instead of buying something I wouldn't often wear.
Today I wore my "gray" ocbd from uniqlo to work with my blue Alphas, which I had never worn before, I was astonished at how blue the gray shirt really was. I'm not sure if its a defect in my particular shirt or if its just the color, but my gray from Uniqlo is really more of a really really faint blue. YMMV with this, of course
Hmm. That's another way to approach it! I would kind of describe the color I'm looking for as gray-ish. Thanks for the suggestion!
most versatile shoe thats not open toe.the mfa much touted clarks desert boot is a good place to start honestly
Your title and your request are asking two different things..Most casual shoe? I'd say sandals of some kind. You can't get more casual than that..A versatile casual shoe, some type of canvas shoe.
I was trying to be as broad as possible to not anchor any ideas but i'm thinking most versatile shoe that's not an open toe shoe.
Yeah...definitely not boat shoes. I would say grey or white Vans or white Jack Purcells.
Well, most casual and versatile (for casual fits) would be something like nike killshot 2's..The most versatile shoe, casual-somewhat formal, would be a burgundy/oxblood/cordovan beef roll penny loafer.
Sperrys and boat shoes are pretty casual and versatile.
. They look great and can be worn with a variety of casual or formal styles.
Formal is a huge stretch of the imagination 
Well not . formal, but the everyday, slightly-dressier situations one finds oneself in.
But you can't wear them with shorts too well.
Sidebar -->.Sweaters: Cable-knits, crickets, and other classic styles. Get in the classic colors too. It's all about classic. Maroon, forest green, navy, off-white, etc. The brighter colors are reserved for spring..Shirts: Oxfords. Lots of oxfords. Solid colors and university stripes are best, but others work too..Pants: Subdued, but still colorful. Think A dark red instead of nantucket red, Olive instead of green, etc. Just don't overdo it. Khaki and caramel are perfectly fine, so long as you've got some color up top. Don't forget cords..Shoes: Same as summer but subtract boat shoes etc and add bean  boots and / or moc-toe boots. I like moc-toe boots as they're more versatile..Socks: Wools of any color. Doesn't really matter too much here..Jackets: Brown tweed herringbone is a classic. Charcoal or navy peacoat. Barbour jacket. If you have those three things you're pretty much set. peacoat and barbour jacket can be nabbed for cheap off ebay, as full price can get up there ($400 for the barbour)..Hats: Don't..Scarves: Classics, remember?
Thank you very much. Your advice is invaluable.
chinos in navy, khaki, and burgundy, cable knit sweater in cream or beige, OCBDs in light blue, white, and pink, polos in basic colors, wool socks in different thicknesses, cashmere v-neck sweater in grey, bean boots, bean mocs if you want, raincoat from penfield/norse/stutterheim. .this is not a definitive list, just some ideas
Serious question:.If one . a hat during late fall / winter, suggestions? PacNW with a shaved head here, "Don't" doesn't work for hats and I. 
For a . casual hat you can't go wrong with a baseball cap with a small brand logo on it. They're usually no more expensive than other hats, like $10 for Brooks Brothers / Polo / etc..Hats really depend on what look you're going for though. A classic drivers cap in a muted color can come across very ivy-league / northern prep when combined with the right clothing, but in the South it'd be viewed as odd and definitely not preppy. Conversely, a high-quality knit cap would be viewed as preppy by some and definitely not preppy by others. So it really depends..I know I didn't do a great job of answering your question, which is why I just said don't haha. Long story short if you really want that ivy-league look, a driver's cap will do it, but don't be surprised when people tell you it looks not preppy / old-manish.
Just remember, it's all about looking classic. When you buy a piece of clothing, ask yourself if your grandfather would have worn it (albeit maybe a different cut / style). If the answer is no, then it's not preppy..Also, a neutral-colored cardigan is not a bad idea either as a sweater..Oh and when I say "barbour jacket" I mean the "barbour beaufort." I'd recommend the olive color personally but it's up to you, just like I'd recommend a charcoal peacoat over navy. It's a versatility thing.

Ah, just remembered something. When it comes to shirts, what is a good MTM store with preppy colors/patterns?
Most have them. Makes sense when you consider who buys most of their clothes..I've heard good things about . but I have never bought from them myself. Their patterns look good, however. Oxfords should never be in too complicated a pattern, with a few exceptions. . is there isting of oxford cloths. Note that the listed price includes everything - the entire construction as well as shipping. I've also heard good things about their turnaround time - 2 weeks is damn good for MTM.
Oh and fit: You want it to be slim, but not overly so. No dockers Alpha khakis, those are too damn slim to look preppy. Still, I'm willing to bet "slim" is way slimmer than you're used to, so bear that in mind.
Would a better pair of slim pants be the Brooks Brothers Milano Twill Chinos? Or would that still be too slim?
They're fairly trim. I have a pair and really like them. Some people are very brand-obsessed. What's your budget?
For a pair of pants? Probably nothing over 70, unless impeccable quality. 
You'd be surprised though..Dockers makes some good stuff, just stay away from the Alphas. I'd lean more towards D2 fits. If you have amazon prime try both D1 and D2 in different sizes and see what you like better..J Crew Urban Slims are not nearly as slim as the name makes them out to be, they're my favorite pair of pants. As a college student you can grab a full-price pair for about $63 (you get 15% off with a student ID on everything except sale stuff).
Ideas are perfect. Thank you for your input.
i put custom made in the search bar and found 
Damn!
I've been putting handmade, personal made, and a bunch of other keywords but not custom made. .Do you know where I can cop one of these shoes online? Not the exact same kind but a similar style.
they look just like captoe oxfords to me, but work oxfords like red wings ones are pretty similar. if you want some decent dress shoe brands check the shoe guide on the sidebar
TIL those rounded things in the front are called captoe. .I'm not really looking for a dress shoe, but more casual. Something I can wear with shorts. The oxfords on the red wings look too bulky for me. I'm looking for a more slim, minimalistic ones like the ones in the picture.
oak street or rancourt might make something like that, quoddy might as well. otherwise, you'd do best to look at some higher end dress shoe manufacturers like allen edmonds and so on.
I've spent a decent amount of time in northern Finland and can say that comfortable shoes are on the top of my list whenever I go there.   You are right about the temperature ranges so bring trousers, sweaters, and a light/mid weight all weather jacket for sure..As for fashion items, I think it depends largely on where you will be going in those countries!
You could just start looking for leather oxfords  fairly similar style.
Those specific shoes were custom made by a local shoemaker.
Try changing the laces to white and you may find them more wearable.
Those are too vibrant for my tastes, but keep the rest of the outfit in muted colors like dark indigo jeans and a light color tee and you can wear them just fine.
uh yea those are very bright colors. if you're going to wear those, id go with a white or grey tee and dark indigo or black jeans. those are still really loud though
They are a bit vibrant for me too, but they were free so I want to see what I can do with them. Thanks for the input!
Streetwear wise, darker colored jeans that are straight or slim with the ankles tucked into the shoes. Would try to match the color of the shoe with a watch, sunglasses or secondary color on a tee. I would recommend a big orange watch to wear with them, it looks pretty fly. Nice kicks though!
White? Wouldn't that be a bit too vibrant, even more so than the green? I think changing the laces is good though, I'll try it out. Thanks!
Please don't do this, especially tucking pants into a pair of dunks.
I need a new sewing machine :(.I have so many patterns and development toiles but no machine good enough to make final versions.
The abbreviation for this is a bit off in the recurring thread schedule.  
Hey guys... moccasins.I saw moccasins at a tourist trap "indian store" when I was driving through arizona, and now I kind of want moccasins. I'm generally not a fan of moc toes or slip on shoes, but I think I want them anyway. Not camp mocs, but actual soft-sole moccasins. The ones I saw were by Minnetonka..Does anyone know if those are good? If not, what are good brands?.How would you wear moccasins?

[deleted]
[deleted]
I was in the market for a pair of black shorts last week, and I am still amazed at how small the market for a pair of affordable ones are. To be more precise, these needed to have 8.5" inseams, size 32, and pitch black, preferably under $100. Most black shorts are the same material you see made into cargo shorts, which means the black on those are at best dark gray, and an uncomfortably large number of the viable ones that, for example Nordstroms, sells are at 11" inseams or longer..So I wandered into Barney's on a whim, since the one in Seattle feels like it would have exactly what I need albeit on an assumedly expensive scale. As it would be, that is exactly what I found: a pair of size 32 Theory black shorts that were ~$169. I sighed as I left the store..When I got home I was still kind of pining, so I randomly looked around online to no avail. Then I browsed the Barney's website to see if they have any other black shorts, and so it turns out they do, and it's on sale for only $69, only they were completely sold out online. Upon closer inspection, they were exactly the same Theory black shorts at the store, only the ones at the store most definitely didn't have a markdown..And so on July 4th, with barely time to spare before I had to leave to meet up with friends, I sped my way down to Barney's again and asked the store associate about it. He mentioned that they might have missed something and scanned the shorts in. Bingo! Last pair of size 32s Theory black Clifton shorts, perhaps the last one on the west coast, on sale!.tl;dr it pays to be obsessive about something you want
I feel like I have cognitive dissonance with my love for red and my hatred of burgundy at times.
Being a teenager, I find it very hard to fit in with most styles on mfa. The little things are fantastic (like socks) but I find that the broader things aren't as helpful to someone my age (such as seasonal guides). I am however dressing according to these on the right occasions.
I just got my first Made in Japan price of clothing an I haut want to say WOW! Crazy quality. Totally worth what I paid, N&F the original price too(250). Stitching is immaculate, gradient is perfect, even the color of the thread used in the stitching is perfect!
I own Minnetonka camp mocs and have owned the softsoles in the past. I've loved mine and treat them like any leather loafer. I really like white t, jeans, and them. They'll look good with pretty much any pant that's not super chunky (because they're low profile). Don't plan on walking a ton in them though, you can wear through the sole. 
I've finally gotten to a point where I am comfortable with what I have in my wardrobe. Now that I am starting to branch out with brighter colors and more "fun" fits, I've learned that I'll have a uniform for this coming up school year. It's not a private school type of uniform. I can wear what I want as long as it is within the guidelines. The uniform sucks and supposedly, I can't wear shorts above my knees.
Fight the man ~ Roll those shorts.
Levi's is really fucking annoying when it comes to their sizes. Basically, I just learned that you should be able to wear your jeans without a belt. Quick fix. Changed my size from a 30x32 to 28x30. Ordered all my chinos and pants from Levi's in 28x30. .Inconsistent. .Fuck you, Levi's. I don't have the time to figure out whether or not your 510s Line 8s are a bit longer than your 510 jeans. You don't bother carrying your 510 Line 8s in stores, so how the fuck am I supposed to know? 
I wish I could find high quality goods that were made in America (or comparable first world country) that wouldn't completely destroy my college budget..I guess I won't be buying Barbour for anytime soon.
What specifically are you looking for and what's your budget?
Still pretty sure I want to continue with the preppy style. I'm on a cop freeze till I go up to Massachusetts next month. Also I feel like I'm going to be buying a lot of summer clearance since its so hot in Texas.
v sporadic; be bold buy the pink
I'm becoming more and more comfortable with zero break on chinos, and I don't know how I feel about that. MFA what are you doing to me stahhhp. 
zero break has always been best for chinos/trousers imo
Thoughts on this then? I posted this WAYWT and got critiqued for the break. :/
Where can I pick up nice 9"/7" shorts in the UK?
H&M.River Island.Topman.Just the few that I know of as an american.
I seriously need to up my shoe game. I have 4 pairs of chucks (grey lo, grey hi, white lo, blue lo) black air force 1 lows, a pair of work boots, and some moc toe loafers. I just dont know what to get though. I like vintage basketball shoes alot and i need some good dress shoes. 
For most of my life, I used to wear the following:.And then one day, I was walking around and I saw a good friend I haven't seen in years. She said, almost verbatim, " Hey cottonshoes! It's been so long! I see you're still wear the same white t-shirt. Typical cottonshoes." And it was eye opening for me because I never really thought about what I wore up until then. It got me thinking about how I wanted to present myself, and after a lot of experimentation, I think I'm finally finding clothes I feel comfortable in. I tried the whole OCBD stuff and although there is a time and place in which I wear stuff like that, if I could help it I would much rather just wear some boots and some work clothes, maybe a chore coat or a work jacket. Very simple, but I like it..Now I usually wear:.It's essentially how I used to dress before, but more fitted and a little more Americana influenced, I guess..But I still want a fishtail parka. That will be the outlier in my wardrobe this F/W
It's the cycle of MFA. You go biz caz then you go back to wearing what you used to wear, but with high quality well fitting pieces. 
for once in my life there are very few clothing items I'm searching for. that is, olive chinos and linen pants. of course, these are the two things I can't find in my size anywhere... anyone know where I can get either of these in 28? (cheap is good because high school)
target is like $30 for olive chinos
amazon has dockers alpha for about $45
No olive though
[deleted]
A secret signal for when we want to make fun of somebody without them knowing we're making fun of them? Yeah I really don't think that's what we need at all.
I have 7 pairs of olive/green chinos, three blue OCBDs, and 3 pairs of white/cream sneakers. MFA Uniform 3.0 was made for me
How about a plum color or something. Seems fall. I need to decide on good boots too, severely lacking in that department now. I'm thinking saving up awhile for Viberg maybe.
I was thinking that maybe cords.  I haven't seen much of viberg's stuff but I've heard good things about it, always save up for what you want instead of settling.
I feel like I've created an envelope of what is and what isn't acceptable. More and more what's in the envelope is what's defining my personal style en toto. Because of this, I feel like my wardrobe, whilst well fit and versatile and color coordinated is blas. Even when I try for something daring or bold, I wind up with the most accepted contemporary fits and cuts but in sonewhat trying seasonal colors. .This at once seems like the most common second level fashion hurtle and an intensely personal and defining issue. 
What worked for me was just throwing out the idea that any item type or color is inherently bad. I've found cargo shorts I like, teal items I like, etc. individual items don't suit me, not categories or labels. Itll open a lot of doors. Just remember to play around with how many outfits you can make with it before buying something and youll be good
Navy chinos?
i wear t-shirt, jeans and sneakers pretty much all the time, i'll be trying out the shirt & jeans/chinos (+ sweater/cardigan) and "nice shoes" look even though i think i look weird in shirts, wish me luck.
I bought my first "premium" non-shirt piece today. W+H tiger fleece. It's true that you pay for the little details, and now that I can appreciate them they are truly exceptional. This is a gorgeous sweater that fits me perfectly. Haven't been so pleased with a purchase in a while!
In denial that the PBJs I was so excited about over the weekend are 1/2" too small from the calf up. Truly at a total loss whether to size up or give up and go the Samurai route (not that there's anything wrong with Samurai, I am just completely enamored by the PBJ detailing). .Hold me. 
Too late to return? BIG is pretty good about that.
Unfortunately I was overconfident in sizing and had them hemmed  :(
What size? I'm curious even though I don't have the cash to be. .Good luck on B/S/T man! 
29 one wash. I'm really just trying to flip them fast so I can start thinking about a new pair, so somebody's getting a damn good deal haha. And thanks!
Fuuuuckkk those would be perfect for me, what's the inseam? 
32" :/ probably the biggest obstacle in flipping them. 
Hmm, I actually could work with that... How much are you aiming to flip them for? 
Right now I have them listed at $265, but I'm flexible. Got some pics here: 
I've been thinking of selling my BOM003s so I'm tempted, 32 means I couldn't cuff with boots though

I can't wait until it is September/October so I can wear cords and hoodies and Vans everyday. This has been my first summer where I am actually trying to have a fashion sense and I much prefer fall/winter fashion. 
I am internally fighting between being dressed well and dressing how I want to dress. Sometimes i have no choice. I must be dressed for the function or event that I am at. .I am also working through the styles that I appreciate and the styles that I like on myself. In the end, I find that I love everything, given the proper forum, but on the day to day, how do I want to dress?.Right now its a combat between northeast prep and urban. And then there is all this tech wear which seems amazing. The discussion on silhouette really opened my eyes to how much I love the style. My personal preference is a narrow silhouette at the feet which can then be built upon until it reaches the head. I don't even have clothes to do that, but I want to do it..I'm confused and trying to figure it out. I love fashion and clothes though. Its something I have only realized in the past few years.
Wear:.-Nike Frees in a bright color.-skinny khaki chinos pin-rolled.-white OCBD.-gray rainshell jacket.-five panel.Alternately:.-penny loafers.-skinny khaki chinos pin-rolled.-light gray OCBD.-chunky cardigan.-long dark gray or navy parka.-thick knit beanie.These are incongruous, but I think I understand the look you're talking about.
I'm really happy I opened this thread. I often scroll through WAYWTs, OF&FC's, etc. and think "man, everybody here seems to have their style so well defined. What am I doing wrong?" I've been trying to figure out how to balance my interest in both northeastern and southern prep styles with my urban environment, as well as further explore to see what else I do and don't enjoy, appreciate, or want to try. I thought I was the only one for some reason, but now that I'm reading this thread, it feels better knowing that there are others in similar situations.
I wish I had the ability/resources to make my own clothing.  It's so hard to find any one item that encompasses everything I want in a garment. 
also S/SIB isn't on the thursday schedule
There isn't a set schedule. Sorry to say it could be a while ><
I'm putting the tl;dr on top because honestly this rant is all over the place.
tl;dr : the emphasis here seems wrong to me, and you get pretty boring outfits (sometimes) because of it..I just decided to start browsing mfa recently, so spare me if I bring up super common topics..To be honest, I'm not particularly impressed here. The veterans here definitely know a lot more technical stuff than myself, and it's probably because I don't get the chance to dress anything too far from casual most of the time. .When I look at an outfit I look for things that stand out.. If I see someone wearing just generally nice clothing, and assuming the pieces don't clash horribly or something, I just think that he knows how to dress or he cares about how he dresses, not necessarily that he dresses well. There needs to be some originality, or to me it's honestly no different than someone who doesn't think about how they dress at all. It's the same in dancing or art; simply being able to recycle some moves doesn't qualify you as a good dancer in my eyes (though for these 2, there's a some physical difficulty so I could say you're a technical dancer/artist)..I'm not saying I don't see any originality on WAYWT... But often originality is often misconstrued as "outside the box"... like simply wearing a piece that looks like it came out of a kpop video doesn't make you anymore fashionable, in fact it makes you look like you're trying too hard. I suppose this is the same idea that you're not meant to wear concept pieces, but I feel like even slightly toned down pieces still often make it look like you're trying to stand out rather than dress well. The latter should be the first priority. .I'm not well versed on quality and cut and what not, and often don't think too much of it. I think it's important when it would make or break an outfit, but often it's just fluff. Mostly I think that this subreddit (I suppose mens fashion in general?) puts too much emphasis on the aforementioned.. Ultimately, I suppose this subreddit is male fashion . and it's easier to give advice if it's more technical. Maybe it's meant simply as an introduction for guys who are completely lost on how to dress to (though with this approach you get mfa uniform). Maybe I'm looking for a male fashion forum and not a mfa forum, or maybe my opinion on what fashion should be is just different. .Sorry if what I said is old news or if I sound arrogant. Just some stuff to get off my chest as my first post here. /end rant
Ive always considered this an introduction for the clueless and maybe a couple steps past that. There is a malefashion subreddit. Maybe that's more of what you're looking for.
I'm confused you say you look for things to stand out but then say people who wear something that stands looks affected to you..Second have you worn or felt the difference between something like a brooks brothers OCbd and an H&M one?  Huge difference.  .Finally you say people don't dress well if they don't stand out.  I totally disagree here dressing well isn't all about originality or standing out its also expressing yourself or at least something, maybe the person likes minimalist things like a simple sneakers jeans white tshirt and if it all fits why aren't they dressing well?  Lack of originality shouldn't mean they aren't good maybe their whole goal is to look unoriginal.
Minnetonka and . are supposed to be good.
i have never wanted a pair of shoes more than the Nike Air Max Vintage 1's. but now that i want to buy them, they dont have them in my size wherever i look. so bummed. 
I've never wanted anything more than the APC x Nike Dunk Highs and I can't find the beige ones in my size, on ebay or anything. tfw
The H&M by me has linen pants for $10. Not sure if they are in 28. They had them in 30 though.
what you get?

Those are really cool, how would you style them?
I'm looking for some vintage combat boots to tuck them into, and i'm gonna dip dye a white scoop neck tee in some cool way(maybe so it looks like blue is dripping down it with black dripping down on top of it, just something with white at the bottom)
That sounds awesome, man
thanks.today i wore them w/ double tees a la sound clip, they're actually way more versatile than I thought they would be
they're also a little cropped so they look good with my birks and a textured/long tee with a weird neck
nice
Totally agree, never hurts to dig a little deeper to find an item. 
i'm making a couple rn just wait.one soon and one at the beginning of aug
I was actually considering those. do you have any idea if they're slimmer than the ones from target that . recommended?
They probably are, or at least have more taper. I haven't tried on the target chinos, but the last time I was at target I checked them out and they seemed slightly wider at the ankle than the 513s I was wearing..speaking of levis, try looking around for their chinos. They come in the same fits as their jeans, so you should know what to expect even ordering online.
ah, sounds good then. I'm a skinny fucker so I need pretty much the slimmest cut I can find, haha. I'll check out levi's also, thanks. maybe even see if I can just find some olive jeans
They've also got an actual "chino" line, relatively slim and with a taper.
I also forgot, the uniqlo slim fit color jeans are actually made of a stretch chino fabric, and fit similar to 511s..This is funny, I'm basically recommending every pair of pants I own.
do you mean .? if they fit like 511s, then that's perfect. now, they only come in sizes down to 29, would it be possible to buy them in that size and get them tailored to a 28...? I think that's something you can have done, right?
I don't know how you feel about suede for f/w but these grey scout boots of viberg's look 
Those really are beautiful, but I'm thinking plain dark brown. I'm gonna really have to save up for them though. May settle for 1000 Miles or something instead, ways off for now though.
yissss
thanks, this is just the kind of info I was looking for.
No worries!
This is pretty common across brands, in my experience. I felt like the inseam on my pair of Alpha's was long, so I ordered an inch shorter next time. They're slightly longer. Agh. That said, reading reviews about sizing per product does help, sometimes. Yes, it's a pita.
Can I blame Chinese manufacturers? 
Gotta blame somebody!
[deleted]
Well for example, in the summer guid there is a suggestion of what shorts to wear. I am also 15, but I doubt anyone our age could pull those off. Also the general fashion on tho sub is directed to office wear a lot. Although there     is casual dress, the impression is just that it wasn't made for people our age to hang out. It seems like it was made for people like the How I Met Your Mother fan to hang out in a bar. By the way, I think Ted would do well here on this site.
Well, being honest with myself, I dress as a trad/prep..Due to this I don't have necessarily anything in mind, but as mentioned before I am lusting after Barbour.
Save up and buy used it seems is the best way
Luxire will make them for you for like $60
shit really?? why have I not looked there (.)
Target really knocks it out of the park on a few items. I've bought a lot of their chinos and button ups for this season, and I look forward to their new stuff. 
Just know that they are straight fit IIRC. 
I know the old merona ones are, but there are some mossimo twill pants that are more slim / tapered
As much as I hate to say it: cheap, quality, MIA. Pick two.
The way you used to dress sounds really cool, actually. I'm probably romanticizing it, though.
It wasn't so much about looking cool but it was the uniform back when I was a kid. And then I went off to college and when I came back, a lot of the guys I knew finally got caught up and several of them, dead. .I was kind of sad, but not really.
Damn, that's rough man.
Eh, it's funny in hindsight. Everything's funny in hindsight. I occasionally see some friends from that period of my life and we have a couple brews and laugh about it. Sometimes laughter is the best medicine :-).On a side note, I'm still torn as to whether I should beat the shit out of my Wolvies or if I should keep them clean and pristine. I've already gone fishing in them though
Yeah, that really can be the case..Keep them nice until you accidentally screw them up. Then let them go a little.
I'm having a really tough time figuring out what I want my winter style to look like. Spring and summer are so easy, but things like layering and coats are kind of intimidating to someone who doesn't know anything, I guess. Did anyone else have a hard time figuring out what to wear for f/w when they first started caring about fashion?
Don't feel like you need to buy into every seasonal trend. Layering isn't for everyone.
i feel like dressing in f/w is easier because you're able to layer/cover up your actual body type
I just kind of want it to cool down. I enjoy f/w clothing and I feel the colors tend to suit me more. At the same time though I'm trying to branch out colorwise. Trying to plan for layering with some pops of color and I think my wardrobe is kind of bland right now.  .I need olive chinos. Need. And maybe a new coat for winter. I bought one from Zara last winter that I love but doesn't really fit my style. I'm thinking I should sell it since it didn't see much use.   .Edit: Deleted the second copy of this comment. But it was full of offers for free 1k boots and walnut Strands anyway so y'all don't wanna see that.
So I started watching Parks and Recreations again (of you don't watch it you should, it's a great show. But skip the first season) and I've decided I'm gonna model my business causal wardrobe after Ben Wyatt 
i wanna grow my hair out completely for f/w so i guess i should start now
I've been trying to grow out my hair since the beginning of June and it's growing infuriatingly slowly so I'm in that forever-awkward growing out a buzz and it's awful 
I'm also growing mine out for f/w. Aiming for topknot abilities. .My biggest gripe with growing it out isn't the awkward phase, but the increased shedding I notice everywhere. It makes me super paranoid about  hair loss. 
also gonna aim for topknot + stubble.i hope it'll look good
:c
i've never read anything so internet
People keep asking me why I haven't shaved. My standard response of "winter is coming" is met either by a laugh from people who get that it's a reference, or "Yeah, in like four months!" by people who don't
Hair pic, now.

good movies for fashion inspiration 
jiro dreams of sushi
I mean... I guess now that I think about it...
jiro has steez
forget his steeze people just need to watch this movie so they can oogle great food
i watched it the other day and im still hungry 
i don't really like sushi and i wanted to eat that just from the pictures alone i want all of it right now in my mouth and forever
sushi rolls, rite?
wong kar wai
Also Saving Private Ryan and Band of Brothers (technically a series, w/e) if you're into military repro. Platoon, too.
Road to Perdition
I've said this before, but Norwegian Wood.It's set in late 60's Japan btw.How did you like We Don't Care About Music Anyway?
i liked it, but i couldnt talk about it. thanks for the rec tho it was good
that girl is mad cute 
Well now you gotta watch the movie 
i think im going to read the book first. the book appears quite short. 
I look at the movie as a companion piece, so that's probably a good idea.
just finished reading this like yesterday. didn't even know there was a movie. huh.
It's a good movie, definitely more of a companion piece to the book though. Watch it while it's still fresh in your mind.
the Day of the Jackal, Ronin, heat
Blade Runner
13 assassins by tikashi miike
as I was watching that all I could think was I need a fucking robe
Oh yeah dude. I need a noragi. That movie really emphasized the blunt reality of sword fighting. You could really feel the weight of their blades.
at least a noragi would fit your style a bit. I would just look like I was cosplaying as a jedi
Yeah, I really want one. I think I could incorperate one very easily into my wardrobe.
Too good.
also hara kiri: death of a samurai
Haven't seen that one. I'll look into it.
Everything with Ryan Gosling obviously.
Lars the Real Boy? 
His sweater game is on point.
I'm going to make a facial hair inspiration album from that movie.
Facial hair/chubbiness inspo album 
Seven Psychopaths, The Place Beyond the Pines, Drive, Tuff Turf for 80s goodness
Inception
I was just watching Skyfall last night. I'd say his looks are pretty much spot on perfect. Of course, I don't think I'm telling you something you don't know already.
That midnight blue tux is like god-tier. 
In the Mood For Love, Fantastic Mr. Fox, Lust, Caution, Never Let Me Go, Blue Valentine 
Any movie from Jean Luc Godard's early period. Belmondo has the coolest looks.
The talented mr. ripley, dead poets society
This might be kinda obvious, but Rebel Without a Cause.
Why do you find layering intimidating? Just keep it simple in terms of patterns at first and wear basic shit - shirt/sweater/coat/scarf. Once you're comfortable expand from there. It's really not hard (I mean that in an encouraging way not a condescending way). Don't over-think any of this. Worst case scenario you look like a fool for a day.
But you're the resident master on layering
Lol. People say that but honestly I just don't see it. I don't think I layer better than anyone else who throws on a sweater, shirt and coat. Maybe the occasional vest. Tee, open flannel, denim jacket. Just make sure none of it clashes and you're not sweating your ass off and you're golden.
In the nicest possible way I agree. You look great but in a straight forward way. It really is just piling a load of stuff that works on top of each other. 
I dunno, you and a few other people in here make it seem pretty effortless meanwhile I feel like I have no idea how to get patterns or textures to work together. Thanks for the advice though, I'll definitely keep it simple at first.
That's what I'm saying. Keep everything simple at first until you're comfortable. Textures are easy. Different textures almost always look interesting together (to a limit of course). Worry about patterns later.
Zoolander.
the fifth element.the adventures of buckaroo banzai across the fifth dimension
And Gaultier did the costumes
Just found out that Barneys New York is essentially owned by the government of Dubai/UAE. Interesting.
That's nothing, half of France is owned by Qatar nowadays
So clich dude, come on. .Just a big quarter. 
Along with a bunch of soccer clubs all over europe.
so sick of people who watch Crazy Stupid Love and then take the fashion advice seriously
That half zip sweater
It's not all bad, but it is dramatized for the sake of the movie. Also there's the fact that the clothes he was wearing were custom made and would cost several thousand dollars.
1 pair good footwear + 1 good piece outerwear (good as in you like them, functional, whatever) are a really good place to start for f/w.
Where would you suggest to start looking for a coat?
Well, first know what you're looking for? Ma-1, parka etc. Then post in appropriate thread and people will throw suggestions at you.
depends on what kind of coat you want/what your style is
what kinda styles are you into?
Really liking the pointer chore coat or something similar. I'm not sure how warm something like that would be though.
there is the pointer barn coat thats insulated 
PCC is extremely lightweight 
Check out Filson. They're my go to recommendation, and it sounds like you are in their 'world' of style similarities. 
Moonrise Kingdom
Brands that go well together.
Levi's + Hanes
bape X rick owens.john lawrence sullivan X number nine x lad musician.i'm gonna buy some old bape tees
where do you find those? I want some bape bd's.
I only own one bape tee and I'm really happy with it.  Would love to cop more apart from their screenprints being the thickest thing in the world.
End has Bape I believe.
Just Mr. Bathing Ape I think 
Oh yeah, you're right, hadn't really looked there in awhile.
surprised no one mentioned it yet.acne x apc
honestly not sure how much new ground would be broken here?
probably not much if any but they do go well together
would lad musician x neighborhood work or am i way off
lad is a little too slim for nbhd imo
our legacy + ymc
rak probably.
how does rak work? plz teach me.
just order something and then they'll send you an email saying how much for shipping. then you pay the total. shipping is fast and not too expensive..make sure to check measurements and condition. 
Wat it's really that simple? No need for a proxy or anything?
As long as you are on the global siye, yes
Uniqlo and more uniqlo
jil x raf
Geller + cp

That's what's making me think about this.
JCP and K-mart.
I ship my pants anywhere.
ur so funny dude
It wasn't really meant to be, but thanks I suppose.
Engineered Garments + Post Overalls
you've been reading simple threads
I know it's really dumb to post "does anyone else" threads, but does anyone else not like simple threads? for some reason I find it . pretentious than a lot of fashion blogs simply because of the whole "I'm just a guy who doesn't care about fashion" attitude, I dunno maybe I'm off base.
I think I would get that vibe from it if he mentioned it more often. It stands out when he does say it but it really seems like he is just genuinely stoked on the stuff he owns. 
I know he's genuinely stoked, it just seems like he really gets off on buying into the circlejerk of workwear authenticity. it's easy to write off this opinion as one who doesn't really subscribe to workwear but it's less about the actual style and more just about the attitude.
I think of him more of an enthusiast of the ideas and the individual goods than a fashion enthusiast I guess. 
yeah that's totally valid, I'm probably just misreading it. I don't know, it's just a pretty unfounded gut feeling.
Yes, for a long time but it really clicked with me in the last 6 months or so.
EG suits you really well. Do you own any PO?
No, but I want to. It's prohibitively expensive new so I scour the used market.
What shirt size are you? .Edit: And waist size
Generally a small in shirts. Sometimes XS. Usually wear a 31 or 32 in pants.
Ah. I have a M ss button up and some blue chambray shorts in sz30 from PO that I kinda want to sell. Bummer. 
Yeah I couldn't fit into either. Throw it up on SF.
too much hassle lol
stop being so fucking skinny

You know about simplethreads right?

He looks so cool in the baggiest pants, idk how he does it.
He has a fully formed aesthetic that carries through everything he wears. It's such a strong, singular picture he creates. Everything works together perfectly.
It pervades his entire life, so impressive. He's got his shit together. You need some NBs though.
I can't get on board with NBs. I like them on other people but they're not for me unless I'm running. They seem to make me look shorter.
beard synergy.
I immediately thought of our conversation before I even clicked the link haha.
shiiieet, what other stuff are you selling? i might be interested.

Don't forget the skinny tie 
On a cop freeze right now, working on my wish list for F/W..Only fashion item on it right now are olive chinos.
Oh man me too. I'm making decent money this summer as well, so I should have fun come fall. 
[deleted]
Um, I . Levi's 511s or 510s Line 8 in forest night are olive chinos. I just ordered a pair for myself. They're $64 online, but I used their 30% off.
Uniqlo probably has some.
I wish fall would come sooner so I wouldn't feel as bad about buying so much f/w shit and then having it hang in my closet for 3 months
Just bought some Elephant 3's, I've been able to wear them once so far...
All Herning errythang
I have a good fitting pair of Olive Chinos, but I have been realizing they are a bit dark. They almost look dark gray or Navy if you look at them from a distance. I feel I need another more chromatic pair. Today I planned on wearing my Olive Chinos but changed to my Olive Jeans instead as they were a bit more green.
A Single Man. Directed by Tom Ford, the style is spot on throughout.
The same Tom Ford who makes my glasses?
Still don't know if I should pull the trigger on Tom Ford fragrances. 
The one and... actually, seems like a common enough name.
Yes.And luxury high-end menswear
The same high end menswear Jay-Z wears instead of popping molly?
TIL
The same
waynes world
hell yea.
I feel like I'm in some kind of limbo as far as personal style. I know what I like, I've made the usual transition past being super judgmental about what other people wear, I try to really pay attention to the messages people send when they wear different outfits - fashion as art, personal image, things like that. I'm really drawn towards the preppy look, but it's just so...uninteresting? I think it looks cool, I like everything it stands for. But I can't see myself wearing it as a college student..So basically exactly what zayg said, it's hard to create a style that's interesting to you while still being congruous with what everyone around you wears. If I tried to go full on prep, I would stand out to the point of being ridiculous. Since I go to a primarily engineering college, if I wore an OCDB and chinos every day I'd be outdressing all my classmates. While this isn't necessarily bad, trying to do something like wear a blazer would just be too much - I'd be outdressing my professors at that point..I also have the problem of not being able to spend much. While I have no problem spending money on new clothes I can't justify things like a $100+ OCDB when I'll have huge college loans two years from now. .It's like I'm stuck as far as personal style, but I don't know how to move on or even if there is a "moving on" to really do without a change in my environment.
What is an OCDB?
Not sure why you're getting downvoted on a legitimate question..It stands for Oxford Cloth Button Down - what typically comes to mind for a casual button down shirt
I'm feeling similar to you right about now.Recently started working as a software developer in a . casual office, as you can imagine the 'uniform' is trainers, pretty baggy jeans and a geeky t-shirt, which is cool as thats what they feel comfortable in and their choice to wear, i'm not judging them for it..However, It leaves me feeling like i'm over dressing if I wear any kind of button up shirt, even a small patterned OCBD like I wore today felt like it was over dressing compared to everyone else in terms of formality. I suppose in an ideal world the best thing to do would have the self-confidence to truly not care about not dressing in a similar vein to others around me, but until then I'll deal with feeling slightly awkward, as long as I think I look good then thats what counts, right?
I think an OCDB would fit in more or less fine, as long as it was untucked and worn casually. There's a perfect middle ground, somewhere, of rocking what you're wearing and using your personal style with still being dressed appropriately with those around you..Not judging people is great, and generally I don't care. But there's a kid in one of my comp sci classes who always wears the button-down-as-a-jacket with a fedora, and damn if he doesn't make me feel better about my future job chances if I can get to an interview stage.
I'm in a very similar boat. I also feel very much drawn toward the prep side of fashion. I love the clothes, the colors, the look in general. Going to school in the middle of a not-too-fashion-conscious city like Pittsburgh though, I feel like I would also stand out like a sore thumb..I can tell my own wardrobe, which is very undeveloped at the moment due to a lack of money to develop it with (thankfully now not such an issue) is moving in that direction. I feel like going about it slowly might be good. That way you can "test the waters" to see how it feels in relation to your environment, and then if you hit a point where it no longer feels comfortable, you just kinda step back a little bit. If that makes sense.
I drive to Pittsburgh though and feel like I'm practically surrounded by fashion conscious people. I know I'm not, but it's still a 1000% increase compared to ~1 hour away..It's just a matter of time at this point, I think. I can look at different albums online and all kinds of stuff, but I have to actually go out and start trying and buying different pieces to fit my wardrobe.
~1 hour away in which direction? I'm actually from about that far west of the city, and I work a bit less than that far south of it. I definitely agree that Pittsburgh is miles ahead of the suburbs, but I mean, I wouldn't really expect much else.
North actually. Far enough that I wouldn't even call it a suburb, but close enough that it isn't a terrible drive for things like shows downtown
Okay, so like the Slippery Rock, Grove City area? If so I definitely see what you mean, I went up there a few times for sports and college visits in high school
Yeah exactly, makes Pittsburgh practically high fashion lol
C'mon dahn tuh Pant N'at fer all yer designer denim needs!
I'm ashamed to know exactly how this sounds in real life. Also should probably be dee-sahh-nuh denumm for full accuracy
I think you're right. I had a significant amount of trouble trying to spell out the the awful local pronunciations. It's like somebody took a Boston accent, punched it in the mouth a few times, and then got it drunk to the point of word-slurring.

I feel like Pittsburgh and the near-city neighborhoods have really been stepping it up in the past few years, as far as people dressing themselves is concerned.  Or I've just noticed it more because I'm more into it..But I grew up in the Monroeville area (~20 minutes east), and there is a world of difference between that and the city.
I've found that my style as of right now is "I just want to wear cool shit." Basically, I'm gonna try to distance myself from Internet hype trains and just use the knowledge about fit etc. I got from MFA to find interesting pieces on my own. Lately I've found myself seeking validation in the opinions of strangers on the Internet, when I should really just be doing me, yo. 
what's your method for doing it? mine is to change none of my habits but tell myself that i'm ignoring mfa.
Usually when I see a piece of clothing, part of me always questions whether it's "fashionable" or not. Basically, "is this MFA/fashion culture approved?" So I'm still going to go to MFA, but now that I have a basic wardrobe I can experiment with weirder shit that I find cool. In essence, I'm gonna try to give fewer fucks by dressing for myself rather than for appreciation from an online community. 
norse projects x new balance
this is essentially what i'm hyped on today
Before starting to look at MFA, buying a white T-Shirt was simple and consumed about 5 seconds of actual thought.  .Now, I make a post, get about 10 pieces of good advice to different places, weight all the upvotes and downvotes, and spend a week trying to decide what to try first. .At least I look better. 
are you tproc
I don't know who or what a tproc is
My dad gave me his old pair of Jordans (Raptor 7s). They're kinda beat up and all but I really am grateful. .Edit: 
shit og raptors, that's actually pretty cool.  Wear em in an all black fit or something, it'd look nice
your dad has excellent taste in jordans
damn that's cool, wish my pops would hand down vintage j's to me
You should get them restored. they wont look new, but it could bring new life to them.
Any clue how I'd do that?
There are a bunch of websites that offer to restore sneakers. I would ask . if they know any good ones. There are also a million guides on the internet about how to do it yourself
All my dad has is Mexican cowboy boots.
I know how that is, those pointy toed fuckers. 
He dressed me up like that when I was a kid, though at least they weren't those long pointy boots that curl up like in that vice video.
That's awesome 
that is super cool, you have a badass dad.all my dad has is vintage engineers boots....that doesn't sound so bad after all...
Everything Wes Anderson.
 is so god damn cool.
I love you.
:D

Bob Babalan is gonna be in Wes Anderson's next movie as well. I am so pumped.
this has probably been said lots before, but I kind of want to wear jeans and white/grey t-shirts all the time
I wear this to work. All I'm missing is CPs.
I need more grey t-shirts.
Grab one of those grey speckled ones from Target. They're pretty cool IMO. I also got a green tank top with the speckles.
I wear jeans and a white or grey t-shirt almost every day.
All I buy is better fitting/more expensive jeans and white/grey t-shirts. One day I'll reach the holy grail...:'(
wang
sup reid. workin hard at work?
home from work. 12 hour internet marathon going exactly as planned..buying a domain name!
I'm at work for 30 more min. fuck. all i wanna do is go home and eat pizza.
.??
#wanglyfe
generally: "Before i wore jeans, tees, and sneakers, now all I wear is jeans, tees, and sneakers!"
does anyone else feel like they can wear really cool shoes but the rest uniqlo? i feel like this. sometimes
someone said on GD yesterday that, dressed.so made them realize that they wear almost all Uniqlo (was that you?), but yeah, totally.
Ambiguous said that, but he's referencing something someone said way earlier. It's tongue-in-cheek.
OK, but I mean, it still says bounds to me... I look on my dressed.so wardrobe and 20 lines are Uniqlo... I don't know if I have any fits without at least something from Uniqlo.
Yeah, it was originally said totally seriously, but it's just something a lot of people do and feel, so now it's just kind of a joking reference because most of MFA has a shit ton of Uniqlo.
Same but with J Crew because that's what most of my shirts are..Jeans from Blue in Green or Self Edge, CPs oh and...J Crew.  
most of my investments are moving towards shoes and outerwear.the rest can be uniqlo
I'm realizing that ocbd's and cdb's aren't really my style.
uniqlo + (insert brand here)
i was about to buy some new jeans the other day, when it hit me. i spend most of the week in business casual. meaning most of the month in business casual. meaning most of the year in business casual. why the hell am i spending money on casual clothes?.at first it was weird, because i'd grown so fond of jeans and a t-shirt over the years..but then i realized....i'm gunna make this business casual look my bitch.
I have to wear a suit and tie to work pretty much every day and my last two purchases have been Outlier 60/30 Chinos and 3 Ways. I spend much more on casual clothing than work clothing because I have a 20 minute commute and work pretty reliably 9-5:30, meaning I get off work earlier than most of my friends and have time to go home and change into clothes I actually like wearing. I used to love wearing suits and now it's just a uniform (and one I don't want to wear forever) so I spend my time fetishizing raw denim and techwear, neither of which I really need more of (if any in the first place)..I think I had a point but I lost it. 
i see your point. i think if i had to wear a suit and tie everyday it would get old a bit faster, unless of course i had enough money to buy a handfull of nice suits. business casual is much easier/cheaper/leaves room for more creativity imo
Recently did the same thing. Was gonna grab a couple new pair of 511s (I don't know how, but I keep losing mine), and decided instead to finally order some Alphas and give them a shot. Wearing them for the first time today, couldn't be happier. Unless they were maybe half an inch shorter. But they don't offer them in smaller inseams than 28, so I'm SOL 'til I hem them I suppose
love my alphas. definitely have worn them to work and on the weekends. i'm in the other boat, mine could be about an inch longer, but they only make 32" inseams in my size.
I only ordered one pair as a sort of "test pair," since I had heard they were a bit baggy in the thigh. I never thought my thighs were particularly big, but these things fit like a glove! If anything it's the lower leg that feels a bit big at the ankle! I definitely can't wait to pick up a few more colors in these though!
on sale at .nordstroms.com right now. in case you didn't know.
I did not, thanks! Only thing I'm slightly worried about would be losing taper on them, since I'm just under a 28" inseam and would have to hem the 28x30s by a good two inches
I say we paint ourselves with tiger stripes and free all the animals in the zoo! Who's with me?!
Fine, count, we'll meet you there in an hour
2 nxt lvl 4 me.
This is the only answer.

Hooray! Ahahahaha! 
Poor twisted little freak.
Charlie Sheen would probably be down for that. 

I'm so next level my dad cuts my hair with a bowl. 
Must be a long and grueling cut.



mfa makes people neurotic about things that don't actually matter.  like it's just a t-shirt.  no need rip your hair out about it.
My Meermin shoes came in the mail. I spent about an hour at work googling "oxford shoe fit" and agonizing over the fact the vamp is forming a V at the laces..Then I realized no one but me will ever notice.
I get that, but on the other hand, I feel like if I am going to wear a plain white tee, it better be the perfect plain white tee. Getting bogged down in the minutia is fun, as long as it doesn't actually because stressful.
eh, it's fun being an enthusiast about ., as long as it doesn't drive you crazy with obsession. just remember that you're trying to find something that satisfies yourself, not anybody else, because chances are nobody else notices or cares about the level of detail that you do.
sure but i think theres a difference between buying a bunch of stuff to try it out and obsessing over the details of a tee shirt on the internet, if that makes sense.
That's god telling you that you should have gotten double monks
That will probably be my next dress shoe purchase, maybe next spring.
Actually the experience is kinda therapeutic.  Gives me something to do when there isn't a crisis happening at work.  
M HEART HAS BEEN SHIT ON. NEED RETAIL THERAPY, BRO. 
lets change this threads name to random fashion insecurities 
sometimes I walk out of the house with a really dirty shirt and don't notice
Sometimes I don't like my hair and get super annoyed at it :(
You'd fit in well here. 
Pretty much all my clothes are blue (da ba dee da ba die)
I'm still wondering whether I have so much blue because I like the color so much (I really do), or because it looks so good on me, . that I like the color so much, . it looks so good on me.
good place to start
Same dude, I made a similar post in the last random fashion thoughts. I'm learning to just embrace it. Slowly I'm trying to add in brown and olive tones into my wardrobe, but its not easy.
Yeah I think something like that is my next move too.
This came up in another random fashion thoughts a few weeks ago. I mentioned that I have the same problem and I think this is a common problem for people in general because blue is like the most common favorite color, and designers probably play to that by leaning on blue in the collections more than other colors, so people overselect because they like blue and then overselect more because it's also more available. 
I was stuck in a blue, stripe, and polo phase in Highschool.
I made this realization a while ago and now have a shopping vendetta against blue.
But I feel like its not a start anymore. Like I'm stuck in this pallatte of like indigo-deep red. Feels weird man.
It's like this with anything you learn about though.  You plateau out at your current knowledge or skill level and feel stuck until something clicks or you have a breakthrough.  
Today I got dressed for work wearing a pair of "deck blue" alphas and what I thought was a gray ocbd. When I got outside I looked down and realized they are WAY matchier than I thought they were. Apparently my gray shirt was really a slightly grayish blue that just looked gray next to my light blue shirt. I too, feel blue.
Have you heard of the blue man group?
I think most people have tons of blue. I like branching out into greys, greens, and different earth tones now. A lot of that stuff tends to work very well with blue, although I guess really most stuff works with blue.
Yeah I think I'm going to try out some more earthy stuff for f/w this year. See how it goes.
I have, perhaps we should try out
Try to meet a significant other that owns nothing but british khaki.  You guys will go great together.  
That took me longer than I care to admit
I still dont get it..
Navy goes great with khaki (as does most every other color).
We always talk about trying to find our personal style but it is far too easy to just fetishize what we see on the internet and dream of being able to wear some of the expensive pieces that we see and instead try and emulate it when our lifestyles don't fit and our budgets don't come close. For a while I have been interested in some more high fashion stuff (mostly Rick and such) but I have realized that I might as well not even bother with it because I'm a bearded white boy from fucking New Hampshire and not some cool, rich Asian kid living in a metropolis. It just doesn't fit me and I question if it ever will. I mean, there are still pieces from many different designers I appreciate and I wouldn't mind wearing some OG Rick Dunks right now, but I think that I am better off working with an aesthetic that fits me better..The problem is that it becomes hard to really create a style that is interesting to you. I grew up wearing flannel/jeans/Nikes for much of my life and still wear similar outfits at times. I dig high quality goods that denimbros would like but I tend to find that whole scene to be kinda boring as well. It is really easy to just come off as a vintage cosplayer. I love streetwear though and really love some of the more technical pieces and have no desire to just give that up and start dressing like it is 1925. I think it is about time that I start searching for brands that fit . and not just stuff that I like. Perhaps those Norse Projects shirts and sweatshirts at the boutique near me that have always seemed a little . expensive for something so normal when compared to designer pieces which seem more worthwhile because there is nothing similar ARE actually worth the money because they fit ...So yeah, I think I'm going to start going back to who I really am but trying to work other influences into my style. I am definitely going to be copping some Norse Projects (my most hyped brand right now) as well as maybe some Our Legacy and Engineered Garments stuff come fall/winter. Maybe I'll finally cop that Fjallraven parka I have always wanted too. Plus, I just got some UU cargos which I have always wanted. I really just want to make sure I wear things that I find interesting and not just things I find nice though. There are many pieces that fit an aesthetic I like as well as being items that I prefer the quality of but I see no way I can make it work for me while being something I really enjoy. As I said before, it is way too easy to get caught up in being some stereotype and I don't feel like looking like a coal miner. Plus, the ladies love it when I dress like this. Win/win.
Agree with a lot of this. In the end, I just view style as the visual end-result of having a well-considered (fit, colors, aesthetic, etc.) wardrobe that one feels comfortable/confident in. If you don't feel out of place, then what does it matter?
its funny because by your description i should be able to fit into the rick thing (i'm asian, live in the city, altho im far from rich). i've overall been trying to find a look that makes sense as a confluence of things: income, body image, self image, comfort, practicality, style. its like im playing style Ouija and all of these forces are pushing me around. .not sure where im going with this. i think sometimes context (race, where you live, etc) is important but i think you should push whatever you buttons you want and experiment. thats how you'll find something you're happy with. maybe everyone looks best in t-shirts (its cheap and current for our millenium) but its boring and who wants that.
Good read. As much circlejerking as there is around here about 'hype' or whatever, it really is easy to see . album and be like: okay, techwear that's what I want to look like, but I'm a white dude that lives in the midwest and that would be completely crazy. It's important to keep everything in perspective. It takes time and trial and error though.
There's always Veilance..But yeah I have the same feeling (well and $$), it'd look super out of place to show up to class in the city in the middle of 50 miles of cornfields wearing full black Acronym. I think there's some sort of balance that can be achieved though, where you can dress how you want but still be able to walk into class without everyone muttering behind your back.
It also kind of makes me want to move somewhere where I totally could dress more out there without that. Although, maybe that's just sort of a fantasy. Even in big cities you'll run into a lot of people who'll think you're crazy, it's just in big cities you'll be able to insulate yourself by finding others who happen to have the same interests, whereas in smaller towns you're going it alone. Anyways, my style isn't terribly out there even, so it's something I worry about much. 
Even in big cities though you see such a large variety of people that you will even see people dressed like they out in the country..Honestly, in Boston you will see 10x the denimbros than you will ever see anyone wearing tech.
Wait till I get back this fall. 
Oh I'm waiting.
Babbys first techwear. 
Finding your true style personality is something everyone goes through, sometimes later than others depending on when they first become interested in fashion. Its cool that you have come to a place of knowing who you are though! Coming from a female perspective ( I'm a girl), a guy who knows who he is and rocks it is always 100% more attractive than a guy that is clearly trying to work a different look and struggling with it (I think that's where the word "poser" comes from as most people do this in high school). So yeah, not surprised women seem to like it. The majority of us are attracted to men who know what they're about. Also, just remember that while you've got the white boy from New Hampshire look down, there's probably some cool asian kid in a metropolis somewhere that is wishes he could rock your style.
I feel like San Francisco or Seattle would be cities where you could wear that and not look out of place since it makes sense to wear these kind of things there.
Haha... well said.
Damn, I know that feeling. I live in rural North-East England. It's not the most fashion-forward of environments. 
Wanna move to seattle and get married? I think MFA would come to our wedding.
My neighbors who are a gay married couple recently moved to Seattle. They gave me lots of furniture, we can use it for our apartment. So sure I guess. 
Man, you two need to road trip it to Illinois this year. Gotta get that bickering road trip checked off your marriage bucket list.
Haha, maybe we can visit for a weekend or something after school starts. 
I'm to the point where I have a good working knowledge of what I can and can't wear. I think beyond that though is really finding "your style" is working towards a goal that you haven't yet seen someone do. I have an image in my head involving items or things that share no brand synergy or common aesthetic and I try to bring it to life. Fashion isn't just a formula of "buy x and y and you get z" as far as I'm concerned. So just going to a store and buying a bunch of Rick shit and putting it all together can look super fucking stupid cause there's no thought or personal aspects of it. That shit is essentially surface level. But combining pieces of a designer or a philosophy into stuff you know is you is where things get cool to me. .Sure your environment plays a part, but I feel like that's a basic thing that should've been addressed early in our journey. If you are 10k deep into a style and just realize you stick out too much for your liking, you arnt thinking things through. 
I think this is one of the reasons I want to live in a big city "when I grow up".Its much easier to try various styles. 
It isn't really even that though. I have tried many different styles and I feel completely confident in what I'm wearing no matter how out of place it might seem. However, I think we are very influenced by our surroundings and we will seem the most "authentic" when we organically grow into a style as opposed to just taking styles from the internet worn by guys who have way too much money to wear what you will never be able to afford.
I'm agreeing with you. Cities provide a much larger source of inspirations though. 
When I first got into fashion I attached myself really hard to the whole "preppy" look - obsessed with LL Bean, critter pants, cable knit, the whole deal. I begged my mom to vacation on Martha's Vineyard. Fuck, I even go to a preppy as hell college (although that wasn't entirely based on fashion haha). I would constantly criticize people for not being "true" prep. .But the fact is my parents are hippies. Yeah, my mom sails, but its not like we hang out at the yacht club. I live in Manhattan and spend a lot of time in Brooklyn, hardly a prep Mecca (I also used to be ardently anti- UO, still kind of am but I own a few pieces now). My political views are much farther left than a lot of the "true prep" people I know. I'm not in a sorority and its not for me. I don't even like drinking all that much. Preps claim to be a above branding, but I found myself buying a lot of shit because it came from heritage brands. I was trying so hard to fit this perfect headband wearing preppy girl mode that just isn't me at all. .Ever since I gave up on that I'm so much happier, not stressing about trying to make myself something I'm not and buy into this lifestyle I don't even really like. My style is a lot better and a lot more "me" and I feel like you can definitely tell, looking back, that I was wearing a costume and someone else's clothes, not mine. 
To add to this I'm going to get something that is probably completely misogynistic off my chest that I have been thinking, but I honestly believe that current women's prep style is almost like a costume on . women. .I live in New England and I see farrrr too many women get trapped into this ~.~ phase where they get trapped into buying all J. Crew, big gaudy necklaces, and ugly ass Michael Kors watches so that they can post them on instagram and talk about living a preppy life. There is something about it that just doesn't seem to gel with what the prep thing is really about. The men who are into prep here seem to mostly be interested in buying really simple stuff with much of it being functional with an interest on many of the more classic brands..Sure, there are guys that just fall into the frat bro stereotype and buy a pair of nantucket red shorts (although I don't really call them preps) and there are girls that are legitimately prep (although I don't personally know them) but I feel as if here the vast majority of girls who dress prep seem to just equate prep with fashion as a whole and force themselves to wear all J. Crew and it just never seems to mesh with their actual personalities.
Yeah, those would be the girls I would've dismissed as not "true prep". MK is not a preppy brand and jcrew hasn't been preppy in a decade. A lot of people mistakenly equate a more classic or conservative style with prep, and it's not. .True women's prep - and it exists - is understated and focuses on design and heritage, ie Muffy Aldrich. Not to sound like an ass, but i was all about the argyle and tweed, not the goddamn jcrew bibble necklace. i was still a poser, though. Too many people think prep is what the popular girls are wearing, which isn't true. FFA had an awesome discussion about this yesterday in our own rft thread, you should check it out.  
Interesting thoughts, film. I was never as hardcore into prep as you, but I've definitely been drifting away slowly from it all the same. People totally misusing it to mean business casual still irks me to no end though. Oh, and happy belated birthday to you! 
Exactly. I see so many newer users on here claim that's what is and it's nearly always mentioned as the MFA "style" (along with hipster heh) in the ever typical askreddit threads.
My looked came fully into fruition when I started to let go of "style labels,"  for example what is prep?  It is just a group of patterns, cuts and textures that people grouped into a category and wore together.  It was difficult for me to start making my own style but once I let go of trying to dress like a predetermined group or style, I was able to start developing my own look I had a lot more fun with my style.
snob bitches (do u even private school?) need band of outsiders
I remember reading a comment from a somewhat new user in an older General Discussion about his transition into the "fashion world"..He said something to the effect of, he realized he had made a big step in his knowledge when he began to separate things he saw that he knew he could appreciate and really like, but would not wear. .And I agree with that. I see some inspo albums and just think of it as more of art, and like seeing the cool aesthetic, and leave it at that without trying to replicate it. 
It isn't like I . wear stuff that doesn't really fit me. I feel confident in everything I wear as long as I like it, even if it doesn't really fit me. I think you really figure it out once you realize what seems effortless to you and what seems like a chore..Once you figure out what style is more effortless for you to work with, that is what I believe is what you should run with.
I'm here right now. It feels very mature. I've begun an appreciation of fashion as something beyond myself, but as an art primarily involving other people.
do you still hate burgers on shirts
not in theory
see you say not in theory but that doesn't mean anything it's this qualifier that means "yes i hate burgers on shirts" but that you're too smug to say what you think
it means I'm not against . burgers on shirts, I dislike the circlejerk that existed around them for a while. seems to have calmed down.
I love that he's still badgering you about this months afterwards. 
it's his chef-d'oeuvre 
I sort of feel like I'm at the same place. I find myself not only accepting what I would call 'far out fashion', but also appreciating it and valuing it aesthetically. And not only just designer runway stuff, but watching what  people wear all around, everything from waywts from hypebeast to an 80 year old professor I saw walking downtown.
Fashion is much better as a spectator sport
great sentence
The best way to start a life-long commitment.
[deleted]
I feel so lucky to live in the English country side. Literally nothing I love more than waxed jackets and brogue boots. 
trying living in suburban CT and wanting to wear rick owens geobaskets..yeah while all my friends are wearing fucking bright blue shorts with whales on them.
tfw
I live in Los Angeles and I buy so many sweaters. It makes no sense. I may be moving to a colder climate soon though! Hazzah!
I live in FL tell me about it. I love wearing jeans and been dying to get some sort of boots but its like 90 degrees right now and not much colder in fall/winter
It's cool though, we have an extra winter month in June.
and by winter, we mean California winter, which means summer
I'd try washing them maybe? As a counterpoint, I waxed some denim and its not shiny at all. Do I need to wax it more heavily?
Premade coated denim is usually done with PU. A home wax job won't get the same effect without a pretty good amount of effort. You need to melt the wax into the denim to get a smooth look, supposedly. I've never had it turn out well, but I love the distressed look of non-smooth waxed denim, especially with jackets.
post on the buy sell thread of .
use the proceeds to get something you might like
Ya I used a blow drier to melt the wax in. I used otter wax. But I think I need a second coat. 
And if it doesn't work, donate them, don't toss.
Or send them to me
Why do you want to change it anyway?
i did a quick google search, and came up with .. long story short, it will probably cost you about a hundo dollars depending on the coat. you will also want to get a good tailor to do it.
That's because you're attempting to use fashion to compensate for something
you'll get over it if you keep spending time here / at any fashion community.maybe check out sufu/sf waywt to humble you down a bit
SF waywt is a ghost town these days.  (~30 posts in the last day)
Honestly I'm a bit confused by your response.  What could I be using fashion to compensate for?  As far as I know this is not the case..
I'm going to be blunt: how the fuck would I know?.But here's what I'm going to assume about you: .You're 19. You don't know what the fuck is going on. "Fashion" may be one of the only things in your life that you can exercise full control over. It has given you an opportunity to silently pass judgment on people who may be older, more experienced, or live more envious lives than the one you possess. So you use fashion as a way to compensate. At the end of the day, you snicker at their sneaker-trouser combo because it gives you a way to feel superior or fulfill your fantasy of being a special snowflake.  
You might have got into fashion to compensate for a lack of knowledge about fashion? XD   Self improvement is nothing to be ashamed of..Regarding your original question, I would only offer advice if the other person brings up the topic.  If they are impressed by your clothes and want to improve their own wardrobe, they will start asking questions.  Did you notice the same thing when you started lifting?  If you're in great shape, people will be asking for advice.
From what he's said, it hardly seems as though he's snickering at these people.
not hypocritical at all
I've honestly never been treated like shit on this sub.  So, thanks for that dick.  I'm going to go ahead and assume that giving 19 y/o kids on the internet (who are asking honest questions and not instigating) shit gets you stiff or something.  You must be trying to compensate for something.
Don't take it personally. .If you're becoming an incessant fashion critic in your own head, that's my diagnosis. 
Nah..What you have to realize is that any particular way of dress is a social signal to similarly like minded people. There's nothing wrong with baggy tees, billowy cargo shorts, and fedoras . those are the kind of people you want to hang out with. There's nothing wrong with wearing denim overalls and a farmer's tan if that's the group you identify with..Realize that there's nothing objectively superior about the way you dress, or your visual sensibilities. You're just trying to fit in with a different group of people - people who care about their appearance and they way they dress. Your colleagues probably don't give a shit, and more power to them. .Would you take a critique seriously if a 60s hippie told you your hair wasn't long enough, or that you should grow out dreads because they are all the rage in hippie circles? That's probably you will be viewed if you approach someone with unsolicited 'advice'. They probably don't group themselves into that circle, don't really care what you think, and furthermore would probably be offended that you actually believe your opinion is objectively more valid.
Aren't you giving a slightly lopsided message by saying that catering to a certain style over another is "caring about what you wear" and not just caring for your particular style like you said was actually happening with how everybody dresses?
I didn't think about it from this stand point.  Thanks for the input.
You're right, I could have put it better by clarifying that it's something of a self-professed description. I think the average MFA regular would classify themselves as someone who 'cares for their appearance' in a more explicit manner than (forgive the stereotypes) a redneck in a overalls or a fedora-touting neckbeard. 
Who cares? Someone could easily be judging you for dressing in a tucked in button down and chinos and presumably leather shoes and talk to you about the need to chill out and be more casual. Would you like that?
I guess I'm trying to get to the point of who cares..And no.  I wear solid colored polos/chino shorts/boat shoes to work.  It's pretty casual if you ask me.
You care because you think you have some sick knowledge on clothing and you get to look down on the plebs who don't. It's called being an 'insider' and it makes people feel good. You care because you want to feel good even though you apparently dress fairly plain.
It would only make sense that a fashionable person becomes more aware, and more critical, of other people's style. After all, you are now applying that same critique on yourself every time you get dressed or go shopping..I wouldn't bother with trying to help any of the guys in the office unless they brought up the subject first. Otherwise you'll be dealing with office politics, and besides, most guys don't really care about fashion or style. They simply haven't learned how to express themselves through clothes..Since you work on a college campus, there should be plenty of other people who are into fashion & style, you just need to find out who they are. 
Don't start lifting or you'll truly be lost. .I see someone walking towards me in a hall and think  "jeansaretoolongwheredidyourtrapsrunofftooniceshoessurefeelslike1998inhereisthatacoatoratowelgodyoucan'tevenliftaboxwithproperformnicememegraphicteefaggot."
I got into lifting a few years ago.  I'm only more judgemental now..
I'm glad I stuck through til the end. 
It's perfectly okay to notice it. Just don't be critical of them as human beings. They have their own needs and priorities, and maybe if you were in their shoes, you wouldn't care about fashion. .Really though, I think it's a pretty good mental exercise to see what does and doesn't make their outfits work, and to imagine the things that could make them better. Honestly, I'm always paying attention to what other people wear because that's how get new ideas that I use to figure out my own style. .I think the best way to help them is to silently continue wearing the clothes you like and consider fashionable. Just seeing random people around and saying to myself "holy shit, that outfit is awesome even if I don't know why" is why I ended up here, changing how I dress, so undoubtedly, it will work for others however few they may be.
Yes, I live in an Asian country where everybody has a horrible fashion sense. I'm still in school and the prefects are required to wear jackets and leather shoes, they ALL wear black square toed loafers and button both buttons on their jacket. I cringe every bloody time I see them. They're everywhere. Help me.
This happens with anything having to do with improving your appearance. If you dress well, you notice how poorly most people dress. If you get into shape, you notice how unhealthy and out-of-shape people are. If you're well groomed, you'll notice how alot of people need a haircut/to shave. Its because you put effort into improving something that is easily fixable, yet you'll realize how a good number of people blatantly could care less.
I think you have this spot on.
Don't say anything. eventually you will ignore it after realizing that they don't give a shit
I know that they don't give a shit.  Maybe that is what really bothers me..
why does it bother you that other people aren't into the same things as you? Does it bother you that other people like ornithology or video games or competitive hot dog eating? Probably not, but you just ignore it because it doesn't interest you. thats what they do with fashion. just let them
Exactly, its like anything else.  I'm about the same age as the OP and I have friends that don't do as well in school as me and don't try as much.  Eventually I just accepted that their education doesn't matter as much to them as other stuff.  I mean, they're still going to good colleges but I never told them that they should try harder, I only helped them if they asked for it.   I think it would be rude for me to tell them how they should do something without them asking
This is a common trend mentioned around here - I was there just a few months ago. The biggest thing that's helped me move past it is realizing, hey, it doesn't matter. If they want to dress poorly - well it isn't hurting you, is it?.If they don't ask for help or advice, don't offer it. You'll come off as pretentious or a jerk in 99.9% of cases. If they're interested in looking better, there's plenty of resources they can use.
It's upsetting when I see people who are much older than I am (so you would think they're more experienced), with decent paying jobs (hence can afford good quality and to tailor everything), yet they still struggle to dress like a man should. So many times a gorgeous spotless BMW or Porsche pulls up then some overweight guy who can't dress worth anything steps out. Maybe it's just a North American thing, but so many people obsess with their beautiful homes and cars, but then have an abysmal physical appearance. 
Yes, I notice and judge men's fashion more now, but that was bound to happen. However, I wouldn't talk to your friends and coworkers about it. Just let them approach you if they are interested in learning more about fashion in general.
don't be the guy who learned everything he knows about fashion from reddit and thinks he's a gift to the people around him for giving them advice they don't want
This isn't an uncommon mindset for a younger dude getting into fashion. But I think as you feel comfortable with the 'basics' and start appreciating things that you wouldn't necessarily wear you can let dudes who aren't interested in clothing (or maybe are but don't know what they're doing) do their thing and notice when someone who isn't necessarily into fashion is doing something interesting with their clothing - just focus on the positive. 
This is understandable, but you have to understand, most of my favorite clothes are complete classics (ie: Brooks Brothers has been around for over a century). This isn't high fashion and this isn't new. You don't need to be a trendy hipster to wear the classics.
I recommend you don't offer advice, but if you must offer it in a way that sounds like an offhand compliment. "Man, you have just the right build to wear 511s/whatever. I wish I could pull them off." or "I bet you would look really good in a barn coat/whatever" or "I've always got a preppy vibe from you; you should get some Sperry's/whatever." No example is by any means appropriate under all circumstances but the key is to make it sound like you are praising rather than criticizing the guy you are talking to.
some time after you decide you no longer care about what other people are wearing, you'll eventually come to the point where almost everyone is wearing something that is interesting to you
This - and if you engage people about the things you find interesting, you'll be a lot better off for it.
yes i feel the goal of appreciation for fashion (or maybe almost any study of aesthetics) shouldnt be "there are very few things that are interesting/fashionable/stylish" but "the world is full of beauty"

Yes..No. Unsolicited advice is rarely a good thing because they might have no interest in fashion or they might be perfectly fine with the way they dress.
I like the Sperrys the best out of the ones you selected. The Timberlands would be pretty good if it weren't for the tongue. I don't really like the label on the outside..I personally don't like how the Aldos look. The white rubber against the gray and brown just looks weird to me. Other people might have different opinions.
Okay so if you don't want to wear Sperry's for boat shoes you could look to . as a good alternative. As non-boat shoes go I would want to wear something like .
Then there's also sneakers like Converse . and Vans .. White or off-white would look best, I think
dont get aldo, they're right at the top of the brands: caution guide on the sidebar. .i dont like the perforated look, it looks weird. .the sole is a bit too thick for my liking, especially for a casual shoe. .i would advise to just go with sperry leather AOs in sahara. they are the most basic and one of the most versatile shoes you can get.
Why not just invest in some Rancourt shoes? I know they might be on the expensive side but they are one of the best shoes to own. I highly recommend them.  
While I must admit they look great, they are in a whole nother category in terms of price...
I agree they are quite the investment,  just took a shot since you didn't say what exactly you're budget is. I think I agree with everyone that Sperry Authentics is pretty much one of the best you can get for their price. Check out unionmade, they are having a sale at the moment and I saw a couple of summer shoes there that might interest you. 
dont worry about investment pieces until you got the basics down pat
Why not try the . in a color besides Sahara? Amaretto, classic brown, and oatmeal are all viable options.   
Out of about 7 or so people who have responded to me about this, 5 or 6 have recommended I just go with the AOs.  Is there really only . viable shoe out there? o.0
If you want something like a boat shoe but not exactly one, why not try . or .? See . by jdbee for more info.
No, but for someone new to all of this stuff, they're pretty hard to screw up. They work with most combinations of shorts/shirts and look great with wear. Plus they won't fall apart anytime soon. I know people who literally wear their sperrys 150 days a year and have had them for 3-4 years. They're a great all around beginner shoe tbh.
Classic men's brogues
So specific 
The "Brief History" section reads like something from a middle school book report.
The whole thing was poorly written. It's like they tried to be conversational but have no Idea how to write it out.
[deleted]
Does Macy's sell Florsheim? They'd be around your price range and are quality shoes for the price.
Macy's uniform
Gotcha. 
When I worked there I think I bought a pair of Bar III black chukkas. They were exceedingly comfortable and held up well. I got them on clearance +coupon+discount for ~$20. I worked at a smaller macy's, so they weren't super stringent on dress code. Your store might require dress shoes; ours only required something that looked nice.
The Patriot NATO strap from natostrapco. 
I'm British, so I'm more than happy to be told I'm wrong on this but....Isn't the beauty of America that you're an .-American, an .-American, an .-American. What I mean is, isn't the whole point that you can be American and still embrace your heritage and culture. Isn't it only the total nutjobs - like Mr Schwarzenegger up there - who adorn (overcompensate?) themselves with the stars and stripes?  .Therefore, I say go to your ceremony dressed as you normally would for an occasion that is clearly so meaningful, but don't feel like you need to make a deferential gesture to your new country. Your new country is proud of you just the way you are.
As said: steal a cue from the politicos..Do the subtle tie, good suit and the lapel pin. You'll look patriotic and elegant at the same time..Have someone take good photos you'll keep forever.
I mean, george HW's American flag socks are sick...
American flag socks.

Sky's Out Thighs Out
Coonskin cap..But seriously, congratulations..And despite what the top-voted comment says, skip the flag lapel pin.  It's very politician-y (which is not a word, I realize)..EDIT: and as far as stars-and-stripes (or representations thereof) as clothing, some people might see that as flag desecration...so just a heads-up on that.

exactly?
I can't stand these July 4th magazine editorials that exhort us to wear red white and blue "looks"-- ugh. And don't let yourself feel any pressure to be any particular type of American. Take a page from the politicians and wear a jewel tone blue or red tie and you'll look great in the pictures that you'll keep.
Cufflinks. Find some nice cufflinks - people will notice, but it won't look like trying too hard.
The ceremony is really casual unless I'm seriously misremembering. A suit isn't really called for. That said, if you want to dress up and look patriotic, go for it. My recommendation would be to look for red-white-blue socks and pocket squares, or maybe even a tie (if you can find one that doesn't look gaudy or obnoxious due to it). With socks and pocket squares it doesn't really matter, so those can be as loud and bright as you like to get the message across. Being that, you could try a flag pin. 
Navy tie with red accents, or the reverse. Here's a YSL tie I own, ..  And . is a Brooks Brothers tie that's a bit louder but still not too tacky. Pair with a navy suit and a white shirt. 'Murica.
Cufflinks shaped like security cameras
you could try a pocket square in the stars and stripes
american flag lapel pin
this. perfect and not over doing it. politicans do this often becaase it goes well with the suit. It makes a statement without overpowering the outfit, where something like a tie would.
So you going to get new laces?  Those are at least a million times worse looking than the chip that is almost impossible to see.
I have an extra set of laces, just haven't put them on yet. It's pretty ridiculous how quickly these fell apart though.
I see a lot of mixed reviews on Meermin around here.  What're your thoughts, and what's the general consensus?  I really want a pair of double monks and longwings from there, but don't know if my money would be better spent elsewhere.
I like the shoes and have no complaints other than this, and the fact that the laces completely fell apart so quickly.
Looks to me like they came from the factory like that and you didn't notice, if it had chipped out after you wearing them it wouldn't still be painted black, you would see though to bare leather.  
Not unless you a complete resole. Structurally, it doesnt really compromise anything.
I noticed the laces before the little ding in the sole, no one is going to notice this unless you say "Hey, look what happened to my shoes!" It has to be annoying ...but I wouldn't worry about it unless you feel like shelling out money for a resole.
That's pretty much what I am thinking. How much does it typically cost to get shoes re-soled? And how often should this typically happen?
I'm referring to the chip near the top of the heal. Is this typical? Can it be fixed? I spent a lot on these and only wore them a few times. 
I just got my captoe oxfords in the mail last week. As expected the first few wears are a bit painful, especially on my heel. No obvious manufacturing defects and the leather looks flawless..In general, they are pretty well regarded in terms of value for your money.
I have the double monks and I love them. They are probably the best fitting shoe I have even though some people hate on their lasts. I think the quality is on par with Allen Edmonds and is reasonably priced too.
For what you want done you'd be looking at well over $100 for anyone who knows what they're doing to do it.  .The work you're looking for on the pants alone would involve practically deconstructing them into pieces and making you a new pair of pants from the scraps.   
Poplin is not the desired material for a suit anyway. Bite the bullet and get a wool suit in solid grey or navy blue from Suit Supply, J.Crew, eBay, etc.
J crew 484 deep harbor..Slightly lower quality than BB but its a great fit.
Cool look..If anyone know anything about the blazer, please point in the right direction.
It looks so warm where this man is and yet he's wearing a tweed coat, chambray shirt and chinos. I'd be dying. 
Price? Low end, J.Crew, H&M, Uniqlo, etc. Higher end, Unis or Epaulet.
No budget restriction. Is Unis & Epaulet > Brooks Brothers?
By quite a bit. They're usually the go to recommendations for high end chinos. The difference will depend on the fit mainly. Epaulet is more of a slim-straight, whereas Unis Gios taper a bit more. I'm a slim guy and the plain Unis Gios fit me nicely. Really excellent pants. Epaulet is cheaper by a pretty decent margin though, so I'd probably look into them as your first option, and you could always get them tailored a bit if they're too baggy. 
I'm currently wearing a pair of the lived-in slim from Gap. I think they are marvelous, if not majestic.
Look into incotex, the construction on them is unlike anything I had seen before.
Looks like a brown/tan herringbone tweed.
I have a pair of Dockers Alpha Khaki in navy. I'm a somewhat skinny guy, and they fit me perfectly.
Club Monaco Davis slim fit are a good value/style/quality proposition. I have them in 3 colours and I love them.
You can check Bonobos, too. 
I like them. How's the quality?... Is it in the Brooks Brothers tier (in terms of quality)?.Thank you
I'm not sure. Probably not BB quality, but not bad either. Nordstrom carries them, if you want to try them out.
Gap do one in the UK: .I can't seem to find the equivalent on the US site, but it's the "vintage slim-fit khaki". Pretty good.
To remove the arcs on the 511 pockets, i would recommend the following route:.Hit up a store that sells sewing supplies; I can only think of Fabricland, but that is a local shop, Or a larger Wal-Mart
And pick up a pair of . or a .Then, place your jeans face down, and use the seam ripper/thread snips to remove the stitching; do this by cutting every segment on the top, this will leave you with one whole thread on the inside of the pocket, and several small threads to pull out on the outside of the pocket..Keep in mind that removing the stitching will leave holes where the thread did go into the fabric, they may not be too noticeable; but you've been warned. Enjoy
thanks man! 
You could buy Unbranded jeans. All they have is a leather square on the back. 
id get the jansport but thats just personal preference, the everlane bag always makes me laugh for its homer simpson resemblance..i mean the arcs are kind of a classic part of levi's, they even painted them on during WWII when they couldnt stich them on. if you think they look bad then thats fine its up to you..yes his pants are cropped.
if i remember right his pants weren't cropped, he just crazy cuffed them.paging 
oh shoot you're right, i thought those were the uniqlo cargoes

Hilariously awesome, thanks.
Glad you like it!
You say it will get to hot if you wear a blazer. That's because you are not using the right material. Cotton, linnen etc are summer materials that is very cool. Keep away from wool suits and blazers during the summer.
I just got these sunglasses in the mail and they are really nice for the price.

Pastel colored suit, dark t-shirt underneath, wayfarers. Make sure you get that perfectly-landscaped stubble beard goin!
Ah ok thanks for the tip. 
Depending a lot on your needs and budget, check out filson. 
As much as I dislike the company, I have to say that the . from American Apparel is pretty nice. Sort of a mid-weight wool with a quilted lining. Mine is their Oxford colour, I get compliments on it all the time. $155, so that's right about in your budget.
 check the 
Budget? 
does this mean i could take in a pair that are 31w and make them closer to 29.5?
Dont do it, go pantless instead.
The seam on these jeans are similar to what I had on some chinos I used to have. I took them to 2-3 places and they said they could not be taken in at the waist. Had I known about this method (and the tailors), I could've salvaged 2 of my favorite pairs of chinos.
This is going to help me reclaim those 2 or 3 good pairs of jeans that are about 1 size too big in the waist...Thanks.
yes
what if they're 2% stretch 98% cotton?
Now I want to see how to slim them calf down. I kind of want to make some slim jeans into a skinny fit. 
make sure they're not too skinny so you can still put your foot in.

[deleted]
There is some great sewing machine guides over at ., they can be a variety of costs... I would find a friend that has one and make visits when you need. My partner's mother gave me one, it's pretty great to have on hand.
Not too hard pick one up second hand. Or grab a ., $74.
i doubt that would make much of a difference. i have h&m chinos (2% elastane and 98% cotton) that I slimmed down, and they're fine.
tyvm for your help
You should Post results cause I kinda wanna do the same
if I end up doing it then I might
[deleted]
The dart is fabric folded in half (doubled over on itself). So 1/2" in one direction is 1" total.
[deleted]
I imagine you could, but I don't think it would be very long lasting. I played around with altering a tshirt last week (different from a dress shirt but I was just exploring) and I can't imagine not wanting to get something more form fitting without a proper seam from a sewin machine. I need to learn how to adjust dress shirts for myself though for sure. 
The only problem I have is I'm going to get some CDBs (I don't have any, shame I know) been wanting to get some for some time now and I'm afraid they'll look weird in skinny jeans since I'm a fairly skinny dude. 
it looks pretty odd, I'm a fellow skinny dude and I tried said combination. Felt like I had clown feet, may be different for you though
Searching this subreddit, I couldn't find anything on how to take jeans in at the waist by yourself in a simple/beginner/possibly reversible way. I found this, which was perfect for what I was looking to do, and thought it might help some of you.
I assume you cut that extra material off? Seems like it would be uncomfortable back there all day?
When I was taught to sew darts, we pressed them and didn't cut off the excess. don't know why though.
Possibly so you can let them out if needed? 
you don't really notice. if you've tried slimming something else before (pants or t-shirt), you'll understand..if you do cut it off though, you'll want to do a  zig-zag stitch to stop the cloth from fraying
Yeah, zig zag if you're using a machine. .For those of us who don't feel like shelling out for a machine, use a blanket stitch.
borrow your grandmas? seriously though, it must take forever just to make a hem.. you can probably thrift a working sewing machine as well
At the very end, she says you can either sew or iron them flat. I'd probably go with ironing, unless you have some sort of crazy stiff material - less seams to rip out if you have to re-do it.
I guess you could cut it off and put a zigzag-seam there so it doesnt flair out. Really though ironing must be the most comfortabe option.
if it's for an office job, go with a black suit (charcoal/dark grey is better) and white shirt and dark blue tie. If the job you're applying for is retail or fast food or similar, the 2nd outfit would be fine, just wear a grey or navy jumper instead of black.
Where is the interview being held, what kind of position is it for, can you get in touch with anyone already working there, or working at similar companies to find out what their policies are? In general, you don't really want to wear a black suit and to go with navy or charcoal instead. But even so, a black suit should still do quite nicely. I suggest wearing a white or light blue shirt, definitely not a brown shirt, and probably not a brown tie either. A navy tie would be your best bet, or some kind of red, both solid. Or if you don't have any like that, you could try a polka dot or simple stripe pattern, but still nothing too exciting and keep the colors classic. .If you find out that it's a more casual interview, btw, what sort of jumper is this? 
The interview is being held in their offices, there will be an interview and a short test co complete. I can't get in touch with anyone who already works there and I haven't been told what the position is. As far as I can guess it will be for a graduate position, probably working in the offices AND on sites. .The jumper is black with a slight v-neck. I just always personally thought that wearing a jumper rather than a suit jacket was still professional looking but also came across as someone who's more relaxed and nicer to work with and could make me stand out against other applicants on the day.
A shirt, tie, and jumper combination is certainly still quite professional, no argument here. But that would probably fall into a more business casual category than business formal, so it really all depends on what the specific requirements are. Generally since interviews are so formal and you might need to work in an office setting too, it would probably be best to go with the suit anyway. 
Do you think go for a suit first, and if I get called back for a second interview or whatever the next stage is then maybe the jumper?
It's for a job in Engineering, unsure if it'll be office based or on-site.
Based on this I think you should spend more time getting to know more about the job than choosing your outfit.
I haven't been told what the job position is, I gave them my CV and cover letter and they replied giving me an interview.
if you're into classic italian suiting i don't think you could do much better honestly. .gorgeous suit; buy it and post fit bro. i fucking love valentino and died inside when the Oliver line for men got discontinued. it's only been replaced in my heart by Maison Kitsune :( 
pulling the trigger and buying it! peace out money in my bank account
Red Wing goes up to 15. 
Check this guide, courtest of jdbee, out:

Too little contrast, if anything. Probably okay depending on the situation, though. Stick with a white shirt.
go with khaki or white as a better choice.
you might be able to do wine color, but I think that would be hard to do without looking weird..post up a pic and we can check.
I've done the Burgundy / Navy thing before. I like it, but I'm not really sure what the general consensus is..Here, not the greatest picture but you can mull it over in your head maybe.
I have seen it in person and decided against it. In my opinion, your boots should reflex your personality and your lifestyle.  Red Wings will last long enough to they will develop their own character. You spill things on them, knick/crease the leather, etc. all which make them "your" boots.  A similar comparison can be make for raw vs pre-distressed denim. .All that being said, they're dope boots whichever colorway you decide on.  
Thanks for the feedback. It's always so hard to judge the colors and true appearance of a shoe without getting to handle it in person first. And I think I may have to go with the darker shade for the very reasons you listed. They will fade and age over time and I want them to be unique to me, with my abuse and use displayed on the leather.
I got the moc toe in "Rough & Tough" and they're my favourite pair or Red Wings. Here are some pics (excuse the phone camera) after ~6 months use. I used mink oil on them when I first got them. 
Those look amazing, damn
Thanks for the pics! That was above and beyond.
how much did you get the AE shoes tree for?
Just an FYI - Nordstroms Shoe Trees are made  by AE and just re-branded.  I've found the Nordstroms standard price to be cheaper than Amazons AE price.  And Nordstroms may have them on sale next week.
I think a captoe like a Park Ave or Fifth Ave will be a good choice for you.  Those Cole Haan slip ons really aren't bad at all.
I got them on amazon cheap from a reseller. Don't recall how much. 
Swap out the laces on those Steve Maddens for . The ones you have on right now are made for sneakers.
Those are what came with them
Figures. Steve Madden shoes always have to screw something up. He is right, buy new laces. You don't, other than the mocs, have anything particularly casual. Do you ever dress in a really casual fashion? If so, simple sneakers might be a good idea.
I have tons of casual sneakers which kinda look like vans. This is my collection for just work and "going out on a weekend night" collection. 
The slippers aren't so bad, I expected them to be square toed. You don't have anything in the lighter brown spectrum, if I were you, I'd pick up a pair of Walnut Strands for 229$ (firsts!) during the upcoming nordstrom anniversary sale (starts july 19th)!.You also don't have any boots. I would pick up either:
* Clark's Desert Boots in Beeswax
* Thorogoods with a white wedge sole
* Iron rangers or LL Bean Katahdins.This should increase the variety of your shoe wardrobe. I would personally throw away the bottom right shoe, I don't really like the fake alligator thing on the saddle shoes.
Thanks for the tip, I have boots, I just haven't brought them out yet cause it isn't winter.  And I have to focus where I need the immediate help.  The strands is a good suggestion, I have to figure out my size.  What about the Nuemonks too?  Also, if I know my size in an AE Nuemonk would it be the same size in the strand?
I think the neumok is unlined so you might be a bit bigger in the strand. Probably half a size up or a width up
I have both Neumok's and McAllister's. The Neumok's seem slightly bigger, but not enough to go half size or width up.
You don't think the Steve Madden wingtips are light enough to almost be a walnut?
They really are more of a medium brown. I don't know, I fucking love walnut, I'm biased
Would it be possible to go to an AE outlet/Nordstrom and check for yourself? I try not to order shoes online without checking the fit. 
thanks, I may just order them from zappos and return them after figuring out the right fit.  I have done a lot of business with them in the past so a free try on I might not feel too bad about ethically speaking.
A white tie is far from appropriate or good looking and you'd be better off without any tie than wearing it, especially for a retail job..The shirt is a bit "nightclub" rather than job interview but for retail I'm sure nobody minds. Much worse are the double cuffs which look pretty bad on both this shirt (clash of the formality of the cuffs with the clubbish vibe of the shirt) and worn without a jacket/suit. .The "creases" are excess fabric - don't worry about it or get a tailor to slim the waist down (probably not worthwhile)..Those shoes don't match the formality of either items or the situation and will look pretty garish matched to that shirt.
Thanks for the write up!.So the tie comes off. .My other options for shirts are a white, black, or grey dress shirt. The white one fits me very well I believe. .Not sure if they'd be appropriate but I also have a couple short sleeve dress shirts. They do have the suspender straps in the shoulders so I'm not too inclined to wear them. .Unfortunately my options for shoes are very limited at the moment. Basically I've got the ones linked above, some pure white low top vans, and some informal (probably get lynched by MFA for this) square-tipped dress shoes. .Thanks for your help!
Did you read the . in the sidebar?.Also there is a 
I scoured the sidebar looking for an interview guide but couldn't find one. Thank you very much!
take your tie off.get better shoes.or dont it really wont make a difference
No problem 

Suede chukka boots/dessert boots maybe?
.

 Some final sale coupon that I had used brought it down to IMO an absolute steal. Had been looking for a v neck sweater in that colour for a while now..Bought a  . .Both should be coming in this week cant wait.
 arrived in the mail yesterday from backorder.  Really impressed so far.  
I just ordered a pair of .. Used the Amazon Shoes 20% off coupon for signing up for their emails, got them for $265 shipped. I can't waaaaait.
I bought some suavecito firms hold pomade and some rumble59 racerhart pomade. The  suavecito is pretty much exactly like lay rite. The scent is a bit strong. It's an oldman barber shop scent, I don't mind it, but other people might not like it. I haven't tried the rumble59 yet because I am a little suspicious of it's water solubility. The first ingredient is petrolatum and the third ingredient is synthetic wax. I might throw some in my hair after I am done cleaning house.

tell me how you like the patagonia shorts when you get them :)
[deleted]
These .. 
These .. 
I bought the isar rucksack in grey melange last tuesday but still haven't recieved it. Can't wait for it though! Good cops!
Oof, both of those are stunning
that's about what i expected haha, need to up my thigh game

Red, white and black? America? Am I missing something? The leather looks cool though.
It's blue. The other ones (which French Garment Cleaners unfortunately didn't have in stock) ...Unfortunately I ordered them awhile ago, they run really small so I was two sizes off, and they didn't have the right size.
I like the ones you got better
I think the America part was referring to the fact that designer flip-flops are kind of a hack, or that EG is Made in the USA.EDIT: Or both
absolutely. never didn't like anything from pata ever, so... ya
This beautiful . from Tuscany Leather with my name marked in the leather. I'll probably use this for the rest of my life. 
Recently bought an ., got it new with damaged packaging on amazon for $60. .I then went a little crazy with the Natos from .. You get a 40% discount when you buy 5 and they're pretty cheap to begin with so why the hell not? I'm really pleased with them, the photos don't do the brown leather one justice. .Also, shoes. . Both on sale for less than $30. I realize the Elements might seem kind of ugly to some but that's just like, your opinion, man. 
elements are ugly but could look cool with a minimal outfit.
That's the plan. I dress pretty minimal most days anyway. 

Pulled the trigger on a suit from Suitsupply. I'll add the link when I'm home. Went with a light blue (almost grey) wool in the 'Washington' cut. .I can post pictures after it arrives if anyone is interested. 
Just bought this . for $53..I was overwhelmed by the options, but settled with the navy nautical flags. .I always love getting small pieces of flair.
5" or 7"?
7, ain't got the figure for 5
mishkanyc.com/item/keep-watch-pullover-hoodie--navy.Bought this hoodie on sale, I think it's pretty cool.
What are the jeans?
W+H straight selvedge 
Solid, looking forward to seeing them. Did you buy in Spain or what?
nah found on super sale online, couldn't resist.
You finally return home to find your bedroom full to the ceiling with packages. 
:) oops
 finally came, unfortunately it's far too small in the arms/shoulders and fits like an XXS. I'm considering turning it into a denim vest, Thoughts?  .  .And ..
I can't deal with the elbow patches on the margiela jumpers but they feel so nice to the touch and the material of the patches is lovely.
Club Monaco in my area was shutting down, had some pretty crazy deals + 40% off. .Bought this heavy "Italian Yarn" sweater, for the winter that will sadly be here in 5 months or so. And a knit tie, because ., thought I would give it a try. .List price on the sweater was 270, then 99, then 40, so with 40% off I paid 24. .List price on the tie was 70, then 20, so with 40% off I paid 12. SCORE!
My recent purchases:
Kind of wanna get my head deep into the MFA game now that I'm going to college. Taking male fashion a little more seriously.
This . cardigan. I'd been eyeing the . for a while but even on sale at around 120, I couldn't justify it. I stumbled on the former on UO for 70, so I pulled the trigger. I love the texture -- not so much the colours though, so I'm thinking of dyeing it dark navy. Suggestions on what to wear it with if i just kept it as it is?.Also managed to snag these . pearl los on the bay for a 140, barely used. Pretty happy with them!
My favorite oxford, fit & feel is great. Also has a bit of a personal connection for me, as I live on York St. and see the original store right out my window, so it's a cool little connection. Definitely picking up more - they're on sale right now for $59, the flap pocket is a great little touch.
nice, how is the fit? compared to other brands like j. crew, BoO, GBV?
Definitely less slim than j.crew slim fit, in between regular uniqlo and uniqlo slim fit.
I'v copped too much shit.EDIT: I forgot also R&C ranger mocs in brown CXL
Trying to up my shoe game a little bit now that I have some disposable income. I have a pair of chucks that I wore almost exclusively before and felt like it looked a little juvenile to wear them . the time. I'm still pretty fond of them though, they're really comfortable without socks on. Thinking about ordering . for this winter.Also bought "The Last of Us", which I started this morning. So intense
[deleted]
p ugly imo
I like b&w color schemes as much as the next guy but the design on those is really bad in my opinion. makes it look like tuxedo saddle shoes or something
I don't disagree. I might end up flipping them. I decided to get them impulsively because $25. 
I just got back from Target with a . and some .. Total cost: $10.28. 
I got that tee, too. I dig it, but the little specks come out pretty easily. For $8 the tees are great, though.
Yeah, it doesn't seem like it will last forever. It's thinner than my other Mossimo tees as well. But I got it for $5.50, so I can't complain.
Two things..*.: Awesome and well worth the discounted price. Was thinking about this . as well to use daily. Different ways to ...*.: Just needed a light pair for the summer. Unfortunately not selvedge, but they fit perfectly, no crazy distressing. Needed a change from raw denim.
the bag is pretty sick haha. love the 2 way thing. 

Got these in last Saturday. .Decided I wanted another pair for boots to go alongside with the 1000 miles I picked up from STP. .I freaking love them. Now I just need to wait for this Florida summer to end.
Did you get these with the 40% off sale?
I was going to but then I managed to find them cheaper on Ebay. Ended up paying 120$. Only downside was they didn't ship with their original box.

levi's colorblocked trucker jacket 
fuuu those are so cool. I saw one at my local outlet but it wasn't in my size
Really love the bucket hat and I'm patiently waiting for the pants and boots to arrive in the mail :)
Got . Norse Projects "broken leaf" in dark shadow on its way to me. Very very stoked. 
Great cop man. the shirt is awesome irl even though the "white" on the shirt is like milky white. It goes with just about anything really. Hoping to see fit pics!
Thanks! I'm stoked to start working this piece into lots of fits. Definitely will post pics. Can't wait for fall when long sleeves won't be a nuisance...
What does the material feel like? Is it kinda rough or is it soft?.Also, this is a longshot but if you have any Gant button-downs, how does it fit compared to them (I only have one button-down haha)?
it's pretty much an oxford cloth as far as I remember.
I don't have it yet, I'll post up lots of details when I post in a WAYWT. Keep an eye out!
Have been looking for a decent carry on bag for a while now. Bought this for an upcoming vacation. Most duffels I looked at were either too large or too small to use as a carry on.
Sexy duffel. The size looks perfect.
picked up some stuff from hickorees ., ., ., 
First jean jacket i've gotten since i was a little kid. Also, first New Balance classics.
Very cool paisley tie. 
Where did you get the NBs?
They are the .They are discontinuing them so i had to pick up some. There are still some lying around. I love them.
I blame you for the 0500 shoe purchase I just made..Thanks though, this is great, 50 bucks is awesome for these.
I ordered . last week and it came in yesterday. .I ordered a size 38, found out I need at least a 40. I'm sad guys
Hate it when that happens.  Given where I live, I have to order just about everything online. 
I want to wear them out casually, but I'm having trouble figuring out how to exactly.
Some dark denim and they look great. I wear my walnut strands with jeans  and a button down (sleeves rolled) pretty often. They add just a little bit of panache to the look. 
I figured they'd look good with my 511's but I'm wondering if they're just a BIT too light. but thanks :)
when I wear them out I'll post :D
This color of leather  will probably darken slightly after you've worn them a few times, so if you're worried about them being too light then wear them and they'll be perfect :) 
Spent some time in the past week looking up backpacks and what not. This was far and away the best looking and most functional. After reading Archival's blog entry, I was blown away by how much thought they gave the design. Should make grad. school slightly more bearable.

Where can I get these?
End has them I believe.
welcome to the club mate
love mine. super comfy, light weight, and feel solid.
How did you size yours?
bought them 1/2 size down and they fit very well. don't slip off when i'm walking but still have enough room for them to be comfortable.
Great, thats how I bought mine, hopefully they will fit great
Mr Porter gave me $50 store credit after cancelling an order I had made, so I used it to get a . for $136.  I was not familiar with the brand, but it is very well-made.
Dark Chocolate Dalton today. I cried over the cost (price match from Nordstrom sale) but I hope I'm in love when they arrive. 
Nice! I'm debating on picking up a pair as well. Please post pics of the dark chocolate color when you receive them.
Better photo: 
So sexy...
It's my 30th tomorrow, I decided: treat yo-self
Time for a shoe rack. 
Beautiful.
Thanks..Do you think they'd look good with a red brick sole when the time comes to re-sole? Not sure if that only goes with navy uppers and I guess I don't have the imagination to visualize it
I can't picture it, but with olive it might be strange. I'd stick to something similar to its original. They're pretty great looking.
Bought this shirt and shorts yesterday.I like it
Ordered a . sweater.
 I wanted an alternative to a denim jacket.
Levi's Slim Trucker Jacket in Ghost (medium) from the Levi's sale. Got it for $40 shipped. Can I get a quick fit check?.Front buttoned:.Front buttoned, arms raised:.Side buttonedhttp://i.imgur.com/TguWQ2R.jpg.Front open:
Looks like you need a small.
I think it fits quite well, especially when you start layering with stuff underneath in the winter.
perfect fit
That the plan chief. Thank you for the feedback! Is it still passable with no layers?
I would say yes, but the sleeves are a tad baggy. It isn't a huge issue, because you can just roll up the sleeves. 
Yeah, I got skinny arms from running, working on it though. Thanks for the input!
 . :)
are those the natty CXL ranger mocs from rancourt?
From Quoddy actually.  They're in transit right now, can't wait!
What are the first ones.
Sorry for the late response. They're 
I have the whiskey ones. They're sooo comfortable after you break them in.

You were one of the lucky ones to get the Quoddy's on sale from Unionmade? They were down to like $150 or something crazy
Yup. Last pair and in my size, too.  Hopefully they live up to the hype. Only other pair of blucher mocs I've had were from Bean but they were way too narrow for my feet.  Fingers crossed. 
Good luck, my friend. I have Rancourt ranger mocs in navy CXL and I love em. CXL is so soft, supple, and molds well to the feet. It's like it's already broken in, at least for my mocs that are unlined..Still, resale value if it doesn't work out is good.
Ahh they sound like a treat. I've a pair of Thorogood's in horsehide chromexcel that have worn in really well and are super comfy. Also a pair of 1000 miles that are like butter.  Stoked on going sockless in these and feeling the supple leather on my feet (okay this is getting weird)
Oh no. Not weird at all. I understand completely. My ranger mocs are probably my current favorite pair of shoes. 
A . for myself and a . for my brother, as well as . watch . from the knottery.
Those are fantastic looking wallets. Very clean.
wallet is really cool. black stitching looks super clean.
Getting it sans-logo, too.
No logo is best logo.
Indeed.
Got them on sale for $25 so figured what the hellnot sure what to wear them with yet but they seem decent.
Where did you get them? Are they the grey ones? Totally wanted those.
Love the sole 
Those look awesome
They're green but look a lot more like a green-brown to me. I snagged them from a sale site, .. It's mostly an outdoor gear site but they frequently have lifestyle categories for shoes, etc. There is almost always something worth buying if you check it every few days. For example, right now they have some red wings up. A few days ago they had smartwool socks, so I snagged a few of them up before winter hits..If you want an invite pm me your e-mail address. That goes for anybody seeing this actually.

signs that u've been doing your lifting: your 508s fit you better than your 511s now
What products did you use in your hair and how did you style it? It looks really good. 
Haircut looks really good
Oh and for styling I just run my hand back and to my left. 
This time they put wax in, but normally I just rinse and scrub with water and then style, and it stays like that. 
Those cargos look surprisingly good
Oh way better, I wore the 511s for the 4th and they were tight as hell. Taking a break this week, I've fucked up my hands and they're cut and bleeding half the time. So I'm letting them heal. .What about you? Weren't you lifting this summer too?
I dig the haircut man
Nice chop
[deleted]
Cool bag.
I actually received it yesterday and it is everything I wanted. Beautiful bag. I had been watching it and grabbed it as soon as it hit this last drop, I had seen it at I believe 180 before this last drop to 100
That RC crew for 25?!? Can you get more? Proxy? :D
Damn I wish I had bought that duffel when I had the chance. I'm a dumbass.
How do you find such ridiculous deals
[deleted]
You're from MN, right? Which place would that be?
What store is it?
Hell I would like to know this as well. The only places in the Twin Cities that sell nice clothes (that I can think of) are BlackBlue and Askov Finlayson. BlackBlue is having a sale right now but for like 30% off, so it can't be that. And I'm pretty sure neither store carries Wings +Horns or BoO either.
and black t000s 
Where did you get T000's, they aren't sold any more right? 
where did you get the flyknits?
How's sizing run on the flyknits? 
I have the flyknit chukkas and they're a tiny bit tight but you should size tts. I've heard the same goes for the regular flyknits.
i got them on a sale rack at a qlo store
Actual T000's or the new skinny model? I believe the T000's were stopped months ago.
tts imo, they're pretty narrow though
the cargos look like they're out of stock on uniqlo's website, where did you get yours?
in store on the sale rack
they were restocked, i see all sizes up on the website
nike store
They dont stock them anymore... how long ago did you order?
talked to a rep a while ago - july 2
I bought them in a nike running store
Supposed to have a black/white/anthracite (the dark grey) for the flyknit frees, I'm hoping they look good. 
silhouette looks too flat imo, i much prefer the lunarlon sole. and that roshe flyknit just looks weird...
I should have replied to you when you saw my comment listing the colorways, but word on the street is that the silhouette of flyknit frees is gonna be love/hate. The EUKicks photos are apparently not what the final product looks like..They're gonna look like socks.
Are you talking about .? I hope to god that's not the end result. The volt ones look much more how I'd expect them.
The roshe flyknit doesn't exist. It's a photoshop job.
 came in yesterday. I don't imagine i'll be wearing much else for awhile since these work with a lot of stuff.
I likey. I was eyeing these for a while, tell me how you like them.
I like them a lot already, and i don't foresee any problems. I will say that as far as regular sneakers go, these aren't as comfortable as some other pairs i have, but it's only minor and i'm sure that feeling will go away with wear.
Where'd you get them from, and for how much?
Bought them from a french store called anticboutik.com . i payed about $215 with shipping, but i believe they're all sold out now unfortunately 
$215 isn't bad at all for those. They look nice; i'd like to see a fit with them
Yeah i thought it was a nice pick up. i might post something on friday, not sure yet
 It should be in my hands today. 
That's beautiful even with the weedy lapels. The trousers are high rise?
The external hanging loops are interesting. 
I'm sorry, I'm not quite sure what you mean by weedy lapels. Mind elaborating?.It is being delivered today so I should find out shortly. I got the impression the fit is a less ridiculous than normal Thom Browne so the trousers should sit somewhere in between. 
weedy as in skinny.
Weedy in this context means skinny and insubstantial. 

.
.From the norse store sale
very nice
ol sweat looks like knitted TV static. it's cool. mac is awesome.
that cardi is cray cray
The jacket and the cardigan both look great. Tbh the pattern on the OL sweat gives me a headache every time I see it in stock photos, but maybe it looks better irl
love that cardigan
Just preordered some .. Couldn't be more excited. Expected September (ugh).Also bought some . . from the Knottery.. . from Uniqlo, along with a ...Man I want those boots soon...
How do you like those henleys? I've been thinking about getting some as well.
boots are sex.
honestly they're about as close to grail as I think I could get within my impatient, short time span. the only way to make the boots complete would be a 360 reverse welt, but I'm more than elated with this makeup.
tried them on only. its still ~90/60% humidity in MO where I'm at so to hell with wearing them outside.I'm short and stocky but have broad shoulders, and Uniqlo's smalls usually fit pretty well, save for being about 1"+ too small in the shoulders every time (about 18" is perfect). also relatively tight in the arms but I'm expecting a bit of stretch because, let's face it, they're not the most superb fabric. other than that, the material isn't too heavy so layering is possible once f/w rolls around. .just like everything else I have from Uniqlo, I love the simplicity and the execution is > $13 worth of garment.
MO as well, what part?
Joplin. Yourself? 
Great answer, thank you. So the fit isn't too slim?
not really. I'd say TTS if anything. I get smalls because anything larger is far too long on me, and the only tightness is, like i said, in the arms, which is no problem for me.
Sorry - TTS?
true to size
Ah, thank you!
Haha, up in Springfield here, almost by Nixa.
damn you're close! it's been hot as hell lately. I'm from SoCal and this weather sucks. I like the winters here better, though..There's some really good coffee over in Springfield. Ever been to Coffee Ethic? (I know Mudhouse is like the popular place...but I really have never been impressed)
Yeah there's a ton of Coffee and Chinese food here, I typically go to Hebrew's Coffee with friends. But yeah, summer's are hot and humid then winters are really cold. How long have you been here?
Never heard of it, but I'll check it out next time in there..I started going to school out here in Joplin 2.5 years ago (1/2011 I believe) and have gone home every summer except for this one, which means I left mid May. It's super humid and the bugs are effing huge..Fortunately enough I'm going home in a few days. So that's exciting. Were you born and raised out here?
Yeah, I'm a native. It sucks for the most part because there's no good shopping here at all, and I only stop by places like H&M once a year because of speech and debate trips. Sounds very exciting!

Saw . guy in my exact size on eBay, so of course I had to cop. Red wing moc toe Oxfords with vibram soles
Those are gorgeous. 
I got the . in maize abilene 2 weeks ago. enjoy, these shoes are a great purchase.
oh man great choice of color too. I'd love to see that once it has a nice patina over it
 blog post convinced me to buy them
Does suede develop patina?
kind of, not as much as oiled leather though. I thought these were roughout, which . develop patina.
 chocolate repello suede derby with a red brick danite sole.
I saw the picture before the description and 'Is that chocolate suede, I am so jealous' and it was.
Cool sole. 
Dainite sole.
Ha, we just talked about you not having suede derbies! Nice pickup man.
Yes indeed, you're partially to blame here!
Ha nice, a fact I'm very proud of then! Can't wait to see it in a fit man.
covering about two weeks of recent purchases.
Just to be clear, are . the same pair of jeans? Only place I know that stocks APC around me. Because they look pretty nice. 
Those boots are absolutely ., really nice one
yeah that's the same pair.
Ah cool. Would you say that they're worth it at that price?
hard to say. the MSRP in the States is $185, which is probably a little higher than I'd pay - they were $175 up until recently - so $219 seems kind of super high. that said, they're exactly what I wanted out of a pair of denim (feel, fit, fading) so I would be willing to pay more than I did ($100) for them.
Mm, fair enough. I'll probably just avoid them until I'm in a position to contemplate spending that much on a pair. 
depending on your size, plenty show up in various states of wear show up online for sale all the time. I got mine barely worn for considerably less than I would have paid, and they showed up after about a month of looking. keep an eye out.
I'm actually going to the store that sells the today, so might try them on. Can get rid of not knowing what size I am. Thinking about picking up a pair of the vanishing elephant monoakes as they're half price at the moment. 
Holy sweet damn those boots.  
what's your height/weight? I've been trying to decide what raw denim I should go with being 6'3 and about 150 lbs
6'2", 155.
well that's pretty close. Are the petit standards tight in your thigh/ crotch at all? I've also been looking at naked & famous' skinny guy
apc > n&f
Just curious. Are there any organizational slots or whatnot inside? For anyone that loves the look of the bag but wants all leather and not black, 
there's one small interior pocket (big enough for a phone or sunglasses) but aside from that it's open on the inside..*also that's not . the same model, iirc that might be part of the line that can't stow a 15" laptop (only 13).
i love my petit standards too. a lot of people hardcore into denim fault them with being low quality, but for me they're near perfect.
APC denim gets way to much shit. the cut is nice, denim is good, construction will hold up easy if you wear them as intended. 
iirc a.p.c. coppied dior cuts which are universally praised.
it's the other way around
I've seen statements that dior copied apc
I was under this impression as well. 3sixteen also originally copied APC but they have changed the new models compared to the original cuts.
Mmm, dose boots man. Look so good and fit your style nicely. 
Worth the wait 
that backpack.hhhhnnnnnnnnggggggg
Those boots look like the boots that I was issued in the .. 
I think they look exactly like the air force ones
we have really similar taste, I always love the stuff you post. .just tagged you as "like me but cooler"
I feel like there are only four people on mfa that everyone wants to become: jdbee, thenicolai, azurewrath and letigreletigre. .I'm standing by this theory.
rycepooding
pollen? solar_garden? disby? We circle jerk other people a creepy amount
A lot of pollen's fits are a lot like azure's imo, and he was the first person that popped into my head that likes his monochrome fits..Haven't seen enough of circlejerking around solar_garden to say anything about that..Everyone forgets about disby since he became gaang, and the circlejerk kinda stopped. More of a mix of the aesthetics of letigre and nicolai though. His fits are really good though.
solar_garden was more circlejerked when he was superhomme and he was our token "different" look guy so that we could say we were aesthetically diverse. I'm glad we don't really circlejerk him or disby anymore. it was creepy as fuck and they are both cool
I don't remember superhomme tbh, but I wasn't big into mfa back then. I only remember disby.
Nah man, air force ones look like 
HA!
This is amazing.
I knew that was coming
Wax them instead. 
Yes! (can't believe I'm the first to say this!).I realized the there was no shoe in my arsenal for a truly rainy summer day. I commute by bike every day of the year, rain or shine, so I need shoes that can truly handle being completely soaked that I can trot out when I need them. I have been boots for the winter, and even a pair of Gore-Tex running shoes for running in the snow, so this was to be my light, casual, shorts-appropriate bad weather shoe..So, I picked up a pair of white Vans and a thing of NeverWet, and coated them, following the instructions on the cans (2 cans, a base layer and a finishing layer)..They work fine, though I've only had one real rainy day since I did this a couple of weeks ago. My interior foot doesn't really get wet, though the odd drop can get through by the bottom of the tongue every once in a while (though I only discovered this in my stress test where I just poured a glass of water on)..The reason they don't necessarily recommend it for canvas/fabrics is because it dries with a white, frosty texture (it says this on the package). On white vans, this isn't a problem -- I would say there is no visual signal that I coated them. I switched out the white laces for some black and white check ones and sprayed those as well for the hell of it, and you can see the milkiness a little bit on the black checks..So, I say go for it. I imagine $20 on top of the price of the Vans is pretty cheap for a shoe this waterproof, and there's other uses for the NeverWet, too. I think I'm going to do my bike seat next.
For anyone who hasn't heard of NeverWet: ..
Any chance you can post pics of the shoes?
Sure thing, bro! .. Lucky for you, it's raining here ., so I went and checked my mail and took pics of the adventure. Including a muddy puddle, and putting the shoe under the gutter spout..The canvas does get a... starchier feel to it. I think the creasing is due mostly to my weirdly shaped feet and the unusual lacing I have on these right now.

Welp, sounds like I got myself a weekend project! Thanks for the pics!
Wouldn't this kill the breathability of the shoe?  While water won't get in, moisture won't get out....right?
My only worry is getting them dirty with some type of non liquid and the never wet acting against various shoe cleaners
Well, based on the video demonstration, it seems like it protects against virtually anything. 
Except for about two seconds of friction.
Yeah, what happens if you get dirt or sand on your shoe and want to clean it off?
Pour water over it, takes the sand off and doesn't stick around.
Any specific product suggestions? Does this affect color?
Otter wax is supposed to be good. I'm gonna assume it'll darken them a little. 
Confirmed, image is accurate.
I imagine it wouldn't be pleasant wearing them after because they'd have no breathability
Hmmm, so similar to wearing leather shoes? If so, then maybe that's not so bad?
The coating isn't actually a continuous barrier, it's billions of little nanoscale whiskers that take advantage of surface tension to keep liquids from penetrating. Stuff should still be breathable to some degree.
Good leather shoes are really breathable actually, especially if they have a leather sole. Leather is skin, and it has pores, just like humans
touch
It says on their website "Not intended to be applied to electronic devices or clothing." But strangely enough most of their demonstrations in videos involve clothing.
do it anyway for cheap sneakers
I think you can, they're' just covering their arse... plus it's a nice way to show off
Yeah, what the hell? I just watched a five minute video where it was almost exclusively tested on those two things.
This is just a cover your ass legally thing, so that they cannot be held legally responsible for their NeverWet failing to work as advertised.
Legally, it won't hold up well in court if they self-contradict themselves.
AND electronics, which baffles the mind.
"Really breathable" is a biiiiit of a stretch.
I agree that shell isn't really breathable, but I've never had problems with my calf skin shoes
Looking for a jacket/blazer like .  guy's. Also, looking for boots like those of the dude second from the right in .  photo . Thanks.
I've got pretty big hips and it makes a lot of my clothes look really odd on me (flaring out at waist, etc.) How can I downplay them?
Where do you even buy nice denim like n&f and kasil etc. their websites confuse me.
I'm looking for some canvas oxfords similar to . for less than $150 in a size 7. I've seen some cool ones around but I can never find them smaller than size 8. Does anyone have any suggestions, or should I just pick up the target brand? I like the look, but I am not sure if they'll start falling apart within a week of wearing them.
Can anyone confirm if I could easily take off the CDG Play logo off of a pair of their chucks with a seam ripper? If not, anyone have any clean high tops like those without the logo they'd like to recommend?
To everyone who's slimmed down shirts using .  how do your altered shirts hold up after months of wear and wash?.My mom aka my tailor thinks I'm wasting my time trying this out myself because the threads will unravel quickly from my amateur efforts.
Anyone know of a dressy sneaker that could work with a business casual outfit (chino + button down)? 
Any idea where I can find a coat like . that is preferably for men and doesn't cost $1100? I really like the color and the offset buttons.
Anyone know where I can get some good 3/4 sleeve shirts similar to these, but better quality (i refuse to order from thelees or any similar site, though they look great in my opinion):.
.Basically, i'm looking for slim fitting black or two tone henleys.
My office is business casual but I want to wear a sports jacket with dress slacks and a button up to be a bit more formal. I'm not sure about colors though and how to match them with the pants. Can I wear a navy sport coat with pretty much any color slacks? 
There's potential to clash with black, depending on the shade.
Is putting shoe polish on a dress belt to get it closer to the shade of my shoes a good idea? I'm afraid I'll just end up having the polish rub off onto my pants. 
Leave it alone, matching shades perfectly is unnecessary.
Even with a suit?
Polish on your belt will only rub off on your clothes, so I would say no.
Ok. Thanks for the advice. 
Where can I find Comme des Garons Play x Converse sneakers in size 12US online? The store must ship to Canada.
cdg chucks in my experience run 0.5-1 size large for narrow/average width feet. is US12 with that consideration into account?
yup
depending on the hi/low and colorway you want it in, . has a UK11 which i believe is a US12.might want to double check the sizing though
Black lows vs. black highs?
Edit: vs. maybe white lows?
i like the highs better honestly. i saw . back a while ago so it made me want beat up white cdg chucks. got the sizing wrong on the first go though so i had to return it and my new pair is in the mail lol.i think that pic is actually a girl too, but its still cool nonetheless
I haven't seen a size 12 at either ., . or .. I'm doubting they exist.
They have far more stockists than that

Looking into getting a new pair of boots, more for sort of work/outdoors stuff than dress or whatever (but I'd still like them to look good, of course). I'm thinking about .. What do you think?.Also is it just me or does the . look sort of weird? Because $50 less is always nice.
id stick with the plain toe personally but the moc-toes dont look really weird or anything to me.
There are a few people (or at least there were) that were selling katahdins in fmf's b/s/t thread. I'd check there. But I definately would get the boot you want and spend a little bit more. Don't get something that you don't like when it'll last you for a long time.
I love moc toe boots but I've alway felt something was off about the katahdin moc toe. For the price you might as well go up to ., unless you really want that LL Bean guarantee. 
Iron Works seem fine and are oft recommended. Personally, I don't care for moc-toe anything. 
Yeah no moc-toe here is looking like the best idea. Why am I so poor
They say it's the same thing as the Chippewa Apache, which you can get on Amazon (with 20% off by signing up for their newsletter) for cheaper, usually.
Something about the apaches didn't really appeal to me (although I don't remember what and it's been like a week since I actually did the research). But I guess I can actually take a look at those in person, and they don't look half-bad so hey.
Yeah the plain toe does just look better here I think
Yeah I definitely wouldn't rush a pair of boots. Good ones are hard to find but entirely worth it. I don't need them for a few months so I'll definitely look for deals. Thanks for the tip about the fmf b/s/t I'll check it out
I have a question about what kind of pants I should look for..I am tall and skinny, like 6'2 and ~155. I should probably wear slim or skinny cut. However there is a big problem with those cuts, a bulge so bad that my ex at the time was nearly in tears laughing, it was as bad as when I wear my under armor in that area. Honestly I am too embarrassed to try them again. .Normal cut jeans and pants are a bit too loose going by the guides I see here. .Is there a jean and pants maker that has a normal 32 waist but from like the thigh down is a slimmer cut? 
What jeans have you been trying? 511? 510?.I would try 508 or 513. 513 Have the same slim look of 514, but with a bit more of a tapered leg so its closer to a "skinny" jean. 508s are roomy in the thigh area, and tapered heavily around the ankle so it too has the skinny look. With that said, you were probably trying skinny jeans with a low waist, which means they aren't meant to probably be pulled high enough so that it's hitting your junk. I know the feeling. 508's are probably perfect as they sit on the waste, are extremely comfy and still maintain the skinny look. Only trouble is since they are a relatively new line of levi's (vs. something like 514s which have been around for quite a while) they are harder to find. I've found them in Macy's and Kohls though so they shouldn't be to hard. They just aren't as common and don't have as many colors.
Just some 505. I will look for 508 and 513 next time I go out shopping. Thanks a bunch!
Does anyone own gap slim lived in chinos? I'm curious about the quality and how well they hold up with time.
I have 3 (maybe more?) of them and absolutely love the fit. As someone else said, the colors do tend to look slightly faded after several washes, but not too badly. .Also, they are soooooo comfortable. Probably the most comfortable pair of pants I own. Its like walking around with thick, tight pajamas all day. .Also, if you catch them on sale you can get them for stupid cheap - all but the 'standard' colors will eventually drop into the $20-$30 range. 
I've had three pairs for six monthsworn each pair at least once a weekand they still look new. Great pants.
Seconding this. I'm pretty happy with mine. Better fit than Alphas for me and they're extremely comfortable. I hang dry.
Solid, that's what I like to hear. Do you just wash them in the washing machine?
Yeah, I wash on cold inside out and then air dry.
Thinking about ordering .. How should I go about sizing them? I've read to size 1/2 down. Should I do that even though I'm going to be wearing wool socks with them?
I'm the same size as I am in my AE Oxfords, and I wear midweight wool socks. 
I usually wear skinny jeans and a white top, mostly monochrome outfits. What kind of boots would go well with this?
black doc martens 1460-90s 
Did some searching but can't find 1460-90s, what are they?
1460.1490
sidezips
Any suggestions where to get those ?
margiela had some sidezips iirc, you can try sf/sufu b/s/t threads and ebay
Any other places?
erm, ebay?.you could look at other designers too. . has a nice one.
black chelsea boots 
Maybe it's just too large a jump from my usual sneakers but these really rub me the wrong way.
How's the fit on .Was in between a small and a medium, and during their sale last week they were all out of smalls, so I went with a medium. I think it looks a little long in the sleeves. Other than that, I think it fits pretty decently.
Too small, don't button up the buttons, and get a haircut brother.
I'm not the biggest fan of the wash, but I think it fits well. All the truckers I've encountered generally have longer sleeves. .Agree with the suggestion to get a haircut.
I have always worn white gym shoes and casual sneakers.  However, I'm considering trying out something new with a pair of black Nike Roshes.  What are the best outfits to pair them with?  Can they go well with dark jeans?
How is the slim fit uniqlo OCBD compared to the regular?
If you go on Uniqlo's website, you can compare actual measurements of the slim & regular. 
It's a lot slimmer, you can compare the measurements on their website. 
Anyone know of similar pants that aren't as slim fitting?  I love the look of these pants and their texture, but they warn against them for people with athletic thighs, so I'd like to find an alternate.  Budget <= $200:
Luxire is an option, they have a similar fabric IIRC. 
 has a reputation for great wool pants. Should be a more full cut. . is another nice option, but double check the sizing, they may be just as slim as the Left Fields.
Luxire will make custom pants out of a very nice woolish type material like the one you see in these pants for about 200 dollars. U/sykenom posted a detailed review of his pair if you want to check it out. Sorry I couldn't actually link to the review, I'm on my phone. .Side note: so many people have asked about pants like these we should just add that review to the sidebar or something.
What exactly is a "skinny jean?" (picture examples?)  In a GD last week, there was a thread where people said 511s aren't skinny, they are just "slim."  Trying on a 511, it was shellacked to my calve and I didn't even bother trying to go higher, so I don't understand what is even tighter than that.  .Is the tightness tree
skinny < is tighter than < slim < is tighter than < straight < regular < relaxed ??
skinny means that on most people it will be skin tight. i have bigger calves so 511s were pretty tight on them too. slim pretty much means it follows the lines of your legs while still giving you a little room
Jeans need to have elastane to be true skinny jeans. You can wear slim jeans constrictingly tight, but they'll likely still just look very slim; whereas, skinny jeans will stretch to conform to the curves of your legs.
Huh.  I always assumed they just put elastane in to allow you to be able to move a little bit better..Side question: I like the fact that suddenly I magically have like 95% range of motion back in tight jeans with elastane in them, but all the pairs I've tried on were cloying and less breathable than regular jeans.  I live in the South and need something that breathes most of the time.  Are there specific brands/cuts that breathe better?
Hmm. You could look for a lighter color and thinner fabric. Aside for that, I've seen slightly exaggerated, tapered cuts that have more room in the crotch and seat while still being skinny in the legs. If you go that route, you'll have a more airy fit where it counts, while still having the look and feel of tighter jeans in the legs.
Your tightness tree is accurate, but straight and regular are pretty much the same thing. 510s are skinny and 511s are slim, but that depends on the body I the person wearin them. For example a guy with huge legs and calves would barely be able to squeeze into a 511 which would make them a skinny for for him, but a guy with sticks for legs would still have room in 510s, turning them into slim jeans. 
Regular is the same as straight and there's also tapered somewhere in that scale which are basicaly skinnier jeans that people with meaty thighs can get into without the calves being loose. (Think Levi's 508 and 513, Naked & Famous Weird Guy, etc.)
How does a 513 compare to a 514 in terms of fit?  
508 are tapered and 514 are straight..Edit: I meant 513.
Finally decided to take the seemingly universal advice here an get a pair of alphas, how do they look in terms of the fit? .And excuse the shirtlessness, I took this to show where they sit in the waist:

[deleted]
Thank you! I actually have no idea, I just opened them and threw them on real quick before I went to the gym, so I haven't had a chance to try them with shoes yet. Probably should've waited 'til then to post, but I was excited :P
[deleted]
I had actually planned on doing exactly that! I was browsing and saw this thread and thought "what the hell," and threw these up, I'll get a proper fit up tomorrow!
How much does the butt of weird guys stretch out? Everything else fits great, but the butt. 
Not much at all. The only part of jeans that REALLY stretches is the waist band. 
How easily will my linen wrinkle? I have my eye on a very attractive shirt but I've been told that linen will become wrinkled extremely quickly (I understand that the fabrics will crease and refuse to maintain their original form). Is a linen shirt worth purchasing or will it quickly become sloppy in appearance?  
It's totally worth it. It wrinkles easily, but not enough to make it look sloppy or anything, just well worn. And the wrinkles come out easily with some wrinkle releaser and 15 mins of hang drying
Half the point of linen is that it wrinkles. If you can't handle that, don't bother, or try a cotton/linen blend.
Would a good tailor be able to shorten the sleeves of a .?
it would probably be really expensive.  how long are the sleeves that you cant just let them stack?
It's not that bad. It's just enough to where they swallow my watch. I can cuff half of the band back and it's a little better without looking strange, so I may stick with that or stop worrying altogether.
Any recommendations on a new hairstyle? 
I actually like the side length but I think if you clean up the top and add some clay or pomade you would be able to comb over to create a cleaner look. 
What do you mean by clean up the top? 
Blend a bit more. Try and trim down the cowlick and get it to flow into the sides a bit more. 
I sort of want to go with something more mature. Not sure where that leaves me.
Uh, alright. Not sure what else to say as a parting to the side with a shorter and cleaner look up top is already more mature. Hope you find what you're looking for. 
Thanks for the suggestions.
How much slimmer in the waist is a medium american apperal hoodie than a large? The larges shoulders are too big, but the waist fit fairly well.
It should be fine.  Even if it's a bit tight, it should be stretchy.
ok
I have an L and an M. L is 19" at the waist and M is almost 18".
I want to get some vintage pieces for the fall and winter, does anyone have any suggestions? 
Rustyzipper.com.ebay.thrift stores
check out some repro brands like the real mccoys, velva sheen, merz b schwanen, other brands. any pieces in particular?
I've just been looking on ebay for like 5 minutes, but I really like . sweater in particular, so I guess I'm looking for a more 60's and early 70's vibe maybe?
yea that seems about the right time period for the sweater, honestly, if you're looking for recommendations for specific pieces and the misc style guides for more general advice, though they might not have exactly what you're looking for.
Got a pair of red wing Beckmans today, what do I need to care for them properly?
Also, can someone suggest good socks to wear with them?
Darn Tough socks are great. L.L.Bean has some good wool hiking socks that I wear in the winter. Smartwool are decent, but I tend to prefer Darn Tough..As for care, just wipe them off with a wet rag when they get dirty and use some Obenauf's LP on them every few months and you're good. They're easy to care for. If you don't want to darken the leather use Bick 4, the caveat being that it won't waterproof your boots as well as Obenauf's. 
Wool socks. I think Red Wing comes treated out of the box but you'll want to treat them at least once per season depending on how often you wear em. Check the boot guide in the sidebar. 
Smartwool socks are pretty great. They're like $15 a pair, which seems steep I guess, but you only need one or two pairs and you can just alternate between them, and you'll always have boot socks.
Saddle soap, conditioner, touch of polish if desired, they're work boots so you can beat them up but the conditioner stops the leather from cracking. Did you get the 6" version? If so wear whatever socks are comfy, since chances are no one can see your socks.
Check out this video on Red Wing Shoe Care: .. .I don't baby mine (they have scratches etc.) but I do care for the leather - wiping them down with a damp clean cloth regularly and applying shoe cream every couple of weeks if I was wearing them all the time. Now I have a wear rotation I apply the cream when the leather is starting to look a little dry maybe every 4-5 weeks. In wet weather or snow you'll want to do this more often, maybe weekly, and wipe the boots down after each wear and let them dry - Obenauf's LP or Sno-seal also helps. When wiping and applying the cream don't forget the exposed leather on the sole!
Can . or . be worked into any outfits? They are old shoes that haven't been worn in a while that i'm interested in putting into outfits. Any outfit suggestions would be great.
the vans definitely, i could see those working with some shorts or khaki chinos maybe. the nikes are kind of harder to work with since its such a bright blue. they could maybe work with dark jeans or khakis but the rest of the fit would have to be pretty neutral.
Walnut strands + chinos (like Bonobos brand or whatever) + untucked shirts (think ocbds and the like): Y/N.Too casual?.If the above works, would it work with jeans too?.edit: have pics?  Please post them, I would love to see it done properly in a casual manner.
At the end of they day they're still a pair of oxford dress shoes, look for a derby if you want to wear them with jeans/casually. 
One of my go to styles. I like it a  lot
Hmm, got any fit pics?  I'd very much like to see it done right.
I don't, sorry. Not really a 'fit pic' person, haha. .That said, I have some AE Wilberts (a bit less formal than Strands, but Strands are my next big buy) in brown. Pair those with (I prefer navy for contrast) chinos or some dark raw denim, and then either a slim fitting OCBD by itself (or with a cardigan in the fall) and it's a pretty safe, good look. Make sure your belt matches your shoes, and I sometimes go sockless / cuff for even a bit more summer-ness. Might be worth noting, I'm college age and live in a college town, so the sliiiiiightly fashion forward look is pulled of lots easier than say, 35 and working at a bank. 
Ah, you sound about my age then.  You tuck your shirts though?  That's what I'm trying to avoid.
I do most of them, yeah, but they're a bit long to leave untucked (and I'm 6ft.) .I think you have to be really careful mixing formalities is all. Strands are formal (ish) regardless of how you dress them. Chinos (to most people in the world) are a step above jeans. If you want to wear, say, a slim cotton OCBD with the sleeves rolled and untucked, you're getting dangerously close to being a bit too casual up top. That said (and I don't have time to hunt down a photo in an album by stumbling on it) I can picture in my head it being pulled off... I think you just have to be careful about how you do it. A plain white OCBS, khaki chinos, and walnut strands and belt might work, but I see it getting really dangerous really quickly with a shirt like this: .Even though I otherwise like that shirt, that just wouldn't work. Too casual up top. That's best suited for some chino shorts and boat shoes / plimsoles, imo. .tl;dr: I still think you can do it, just be careful about it. 
Ah, yeah, I'd try to keep it more plain in terms of pattern.
have someone provide you with pics, i still think it'll look bad
I mean I've seen it ok with jeans and tee before, but I probably can't pull that off.   But yeah, good idea with the pics, thanks.
Look is fine I occasionally wear my strands with grey or navy chinos or my shadow selvedge 3 sixteens. .When I do, I usually prefer a button down with some color and pattern to it.  I tuck in or untuck based upon the shirt, some are made to be kept tucked.  .The thing is, just make sure your outift is balanced.  If all you notice about it is the shoes, you're doing it wrong.  
Great, could you provide some images of yourself in such outfits (jeans or chinos)?  I would very much like seeing it done right.
Don't have any of me handy, but here is a style forum thread.I'll try to do it for a WAYWT when my camera comes from Amazon. .'s a picture of Ryan Gosling doing it correctly (shoes aren't strands but similar color)
Awesome, thanks a lot.
Been wondering this myself. I really like the look of Strands, but I don't quite see this working well. .Don't mean to thread jack OP, but what shoes work best with untucked OCBD + chinos/jeans? I see a lot of WAYWT with sneakers, but sneakers seem a bit too casual to me, even for a casual shirt like an OCBD. Then there's boat shoes, mocs, bucks, and CBDs. Anything else?
I'm wearing untucked OCBD + chinos today with grey seude wingtips.
too casual for what? 
Is the concept of the untucked buttonshirt + chinos too casual for walnut colored strands (Allen Edmonds)?
it's fine
from what ive seen on here, there are two general ways of thinking towards strands. either they work with just about everything from dark jeans to a suit or they are specifically a formal shoe. im not a huge expert on any of this, but if you feel like wearing them with khakis and an untucked shirt that should be fine, id be a bit more careful with jeans though
I'm afraid of getting the "office worker with half an hour left of work" look.
As long as the bottom half of your shirt isn't wrinkled all to hell you should be fine. 
yea i understand that, but provided fit is on point that shouldnt be too much of a problem.
I'll keep that in mind, thanks.
I'll keep that in mind.  Thanks.
Alright good to know.
I bought a pair of Converse Chuck Taylors at a thrift store that don't have the white toe cap (or any toe cap so they look more like a pimsol).  Anyone know what these are called/what is their story?  They don't seem to be part of Converse's current collection.
I had a pair of those that I got from ebay, I believe they are the CVO version, whatever that means. 
No information on your particular shoe, but even toe cap Chucks are considered plimsolls.
Circular vamp oxford.
I just bought these pants from Express. . , any suggestions for a shirt and shoes? 
white or light blue shirt, brown shoes should be fine
I have about $50 to spend on a pare of white shoes and was wondering which are the best/most versatile. I was thinking about ., . or .. Any other suggestions are welcome, these are just some of the ones that I saw and I liked.
all are really solid and versatile tbh. the off-white authentics and chucks might be a more versatile colorway though
Can't go wrong with Authentics.
Do they look alright with jeans or would the converse be better?
They're functionally equivalent. Get whichever you prefer.
authentics and converse are most versatile
Could they be worn with shorts or would they look silly?
nah, i think they'd all look fine. definitely a very common look too
Red Wing Beckmans have a wider welt than I'd like. Would dark edge dressing minimize its appearance and also look good, or should I just get a different boot instead?
Get a different boot. The chunkiness is a big part of the aesthetic. You could probably minimize it to an extent, but it would still be there, you know?
 .Cop or not?
Not. It'll fall apart on you bruh
If you look hard enough you can find Bushacres for around that price. Def not cop.
You get what you pay for. They are probably worth a $35 shoe. You can work on the leather and make it look nice and take good care of it and it shoe do fine. I would save your money and get clarks or better, but if you want to try the look or are on a very strict budget I don't see why not. I wouldn't.
not
Anyone have/willing to take measurements on Hawkings McGill Skinny Chinos in a size 28/30? I'm curious about the waist, thigh, calf, and leg opening..Edit: Better yet, what are some chinos that fit between 510's and 511's?
I love the way the Uniqlo slim chinos fit, and so I'm considering a pair of their jeans.  What is the equivalent fit for the jeans?  I assumed it was the slim straight, but I want to make sure.  Additionally, are they worth the price?
Uniqlo has very accurate measurements on their website.  Use that to determine which is closes to the slim chinos.
Hi all,
I've got a number of business-casual pants in a variety of colors that need a non-traditional shoe to match them (sunset red, mint green, bluish purple), and after some failed experiments with dress shoes in shades of grey/white, I'm currently on the hunt for beige/taupe dress-ish shoes (as in, a bit on the casual side is fine, as long as it's not a straight-up casual shoe) as the best consistent match. Ideally something with a bit of texture to it, not just a flat leather/suede.
These pictures are shoes that aren't really dressy, but give a sense of the sort of colors and textures that I'd be interested in:
.
.
Thanks!
budget?
Up to $200 though cheaper is preferable.
If that's your budget don't go aldo
Why? Most shoes I've seen from them that might fit the bill are in the $70-80 range...
aldo is fine if you want really cheap options, but it's not worth spending money on (quality and stylewise) if you're ok with spending more than like $50 
 suede blucher is a great option that can be worn on the casual side of bizcas.. suede bucks have a nice shape and similar color to what you linked.. make the ubiquitous casual-but-can-be-dressed-up, taupe chukka. 
Hmm... Quoddy isn't bad but if I'm going for a boat shoe, I have a gajillion options. Trying to find something non boat-shoe-y..An untextured leather/suede upper hasn't been a good match for these pants, so bucks of any shade are out. The Clark's chukka lacks texture similarly. I'm looking for something more with texture akin to the two pairs I linked to. :).Really appreciate your showing me options though!
I definitely mis-read your question (thought you were looking for suede). How about:. pebble grain shoes, a bit of a clunkier sole will hep distinguish them from your typical dress shoe.. long wing spectators, with some mixing of materials. . makes some casual shoes that might fit your requirements.
Oh man, this looks absolutely perfect, but unfortunately only in women's: .Edit: Those Clae shoes in the right color definitely come closest to what I'm looking for out of the three, though unfortunately the soles mean they'd never fly at the office... wish I could find something with that look but a dressier sole, a-la the modavanti shoe above.
 might have some options for you. 
Hmm, maybe this, but the quality looks so questionable: 
Ever seen anything like this out there? This pair would be PERFECT but size 9 and it's vintage so no easy way to get a smaller size :(
 makes a canvas oxford you might consider.. has a burlap oxford, but the sole might be too casual. 
OKAY, EXCITING CONCLUSION..That Etsy listing actually had measurements for insole and outsole, which I checked, and it's much more in line with a size 8 (my size) than a size 9 (shoes are insole 10", outsole 11.5", whereas size 9 is normally insole 11"). Purchased, and I now have . the shoes I'm looking for, an interesting vintage pair to boot, for a cool $39 after shipping. Feeling weirdly accomplished. :) Thanks for all your advice, -dav!
I'm glad you found the perfect shoe. Cheers!
[deleted]
they look okay but the quality is apparently sub par 
I have a pair. Leather's not too great but the look is pretty spot on. They are not worth paying full price for, however. 
I've been starting to sew and I've gathered a bag full of fabric pieces from hemming shirts, pants, removing pockets, etc. Any ideas on what cool stuff I could do with this?
Patch stuff, make a quilt/blanket, I'm making a case for my ereader, maybe pocket squares if there's patterns or linens.
Wish the things were big enough for this. Most pieces are thin, about 3 inches wide at the most, and long (shirt / pants hems). I would totally make new pocket square if I had bigger pieces of fabric though!
Patchwork hankies, bro. If it works for madras, it can work for you.
Frankenshirt! No but seriously if you have enough of fabric you could make pocket squares.
[deleted]
I really like the last two.
Corter leather goods instead.
[deleted]
Narragansett Leathers makes some fine, formal belts for $40.
Wasn't sure. I would stay away from the manistee unless your shoes have a similar broguing. Allen Edmonds does make a good belt though.
What do people mean by "#menswear" in a thread and why is there usually a warning preceding it?
Usually refers to the blogosphere's obsession with well dressed dudes. Think tumblr pics of handsome Italian guys in navy double breasted blazers walking down cobblestone streets and what have you. It's not necessarily bad but remember that what you see on the Internet is more often than not an exaggerated version of what you'll encounter in the wild. 
guys in suits that come off as tacky and vain. usually means leather shoes dress shoes/loafers without socks, showing ankles, jacket too tight with a pocket square casually stuffed in and 10 bracelets on either arm. also includes sprezz. Look at pics of pitti uomo to gain a feel.
[deleted]
Pics?
[deleted]
Could you link me to somewhere where they sell those?
They're nice.
[deleted]
Thanks mate
 or .: which, if either, should I get?  Id be wearing them with khakis and jeans.  Im looking for another pair of shoes to add to my current rotation of brown JCP wingtips + tan suede chukkas + black, navy, cream and white sneakers.
Saddle shoes because monks are played out as hell. 
The saddle shoes seem like they'd be more casual with the jeans and khakis. 
Monks.
Thank . for making this 
It's an unstructured chino blazer. Target has some that are decent. . does too.
get bigger chest/shoulders/back
Warby Parker 'the place' to find frames for glasses?
If you like the way their frames look, sure. They can be a little heavy though.
All my self tailored shirts have lasted more than a year, make sure the start and end threads are fortified with a backstitch. 
I wear a 9.5 in CDBs, what size should i get Red Wing Iron Rangers in?
Same size generally. 
just an fyi you CANNOT take off the logo with a seam ripper. its not a patch its a stamp, like a graphic.
Are Uniqlo UK products the same as in the US? I could do with some more shorts and the Uniqlo ones I've seen in WAYWT threads look good, though I worry they'll be a different fit here.
Wear pants with a lower rise, consider straight rather than tapered, or at least find pants with a less extreme taper. 
Is it OK to wear a tie bar with no jacket?
If you're desperate to wear a tie without a jacket then a tie bar is a good way to keep things in check.
Why don't you just get regular chucks instead of trying to get rid of the only thing that differentiate them from ordinary chucks? But to answer your question, no you can't, the logi is printed on the shoes.
Thanks for the answer.
White Jack Purcells would work but sneakers would definitely make it less formal.
Yeah my office keeps it less formal.
Www.takeandyoko.com
What is "darting"?  What is a "pants break"?  Why do I care? How can I use these things to my advanage? 
darting are folds in clothing that make for a narrow-er fit. a jacket is usually darted in the back to make it slimmer. some dress shirts are darted for the same reason..a break is how much your pants are falling over your shoes. .. right now its sort of en vogue to have less break..i dont' know why you care..there's no advantage to be had really, except in learning more about clothing and finding pleasure in that.
American Apparel has one iirc. Alternative Apparel has a long sleeve one as well.
It's hot as hell. Can I get away with wearing shorts, bucks, and a button-up to a bar?
Sure. Just wear no-show socks with the bucks.
Right on. Thanks!
n&f at tateandyoko.com and blueowl.us. For more stockists of those brands go on fashionsauce.com and you'll probably have plenty.
Okay thanks
Wait, you want to buy a pair of $110 CDG high top chucks and tear the logo off? Why not just buy a regular pair of $45 high top chucks? Am I missing something here?
The CDG one's are cleaner, I like it more without the line.
iirc if you go to the converse site and build your own you can get it without the line. 
You can get custom converse on their website and have it white on white so there isn't a line.
Cool, thank you!
Any color slacks except navy. 
Also posted in another thread....Where can I buy a decent straw trilby for my honeymoon in Hawaii? Looking to spend $100-$200 - serious replies only.
I wear 11's in Nike, what size should I buy for a pair of Red Wing 875's? 10, or 10.5?
Do you know your true size?  Size down half a size from your true size for RW, and a whole size if you're going to add an insole.
Can anyone ID . .Suede brogues are all over the place, but I really like the detailing on these. Thanks!
Looking for black boots. Like something you could imagine seeing milky_funk wearing. Combat boots maybe? I don't know. Any suggestions?
I have a pair of vegan Doc Martens that I love. I got them vegan cuz I am one, but I guess you skip the horrible break in period of regular docs. They hold up really well too. Worn them through two Puget Sound winters and they still look great. Definitely worth considering, they won't peg you as someone "dressed by the internet."
He has some . but personally I think the look like clown shoes. 
lol.need more to go on.blucher dress boot? chelsea? combat boot? budget?.post fits you like of his
unfortunately i don't know what i want yet haha. if i did it would be more of a question of quality on a specific boot. so for now i'm looking for wildly different suggestions
Really vague, man. Budget? 
<$200 (ideally somewhere $100-150 but i'm willing to ebay).right now i'm just looking for ideas in all sorts of styles
In that price range doc martens are where it's at
i heard a few comments that recent quality is poor? it's something i might look into more. what if i extend my budget up to $300? (i won't need them for months)
I have a pair and I'm satisfied with the quality but if you're worried and have the time it's pretty easy to find a pair of made in England ones on eBay for cheap
I'd echo docs. Try for the Made in England ones over made in China. 
its a twist on a chesterfield coat.  start there.
Straight-cut pants and a little more room in your shirts can downplay it, but I don't think it's really a problem.
Stores in NYC with a similar selection to Havenshop, Unionmade, UnionLA, Tres Bien, Norse Store?
Is it ok to wear the same thing most days during a season? I feel like all I'm wearing are shorts and a t shirt with canvas sneakers because it's so darn hot.
Rock your summer uniform with pride
Do a bunch of squats and upper body exercises and balance it out
I love the density of my Land's End Cnvas OCBD overdyed, how is the dense /crispness factor on Uniqlo OCBD's? any other cheap recomendations for the feel I'm going for?
How high or how low should my pants be? Sometimes it feels like it's way too high, and sometimes it's so low the fit's ruined.
It depends on the pants, there isn't one magical answer. Some are high rise, some low. 
It really depends on the pants. Some have higher rises that sit at your waist. Others have lower rises that sit at your hips. 
I got this jacket and the zipper is on the left. Is that normal?
Zippers can either side (no real gender association).
What are some good, but cheap casual sneakers that will be comfortable to stand in for long periods of time? First job as a cashier, and we have these kinda squishy mats to stand on, they help a little, but not a lot. If it helps my uniform consists of a pair of tailored-fit khaki's from Gap, a brown leather belt,and an ill-fitting light blue polo with the store logo on the collar. We can wear whatever shoes we want as long as they're closed toed and have a rubber sole.  .I was kinda looking at a pair of New Balance 420's, right now I have a pair of Vans Era's. Thoughts?
People say Roshes are very casual.  Look into shoes (or boots) with a wedge sole..Wearing insoles would work a lot, too.
Nike Roshes? I do need a pair of athletic shoes and these look nice! I wish I could afford a pair of nice boots with a wedge sole, but I'm on a very limited budget, first-year car insurance is ridiculous. Maybe insoles in my pair of CDB's? 
Insoles with CDBs could probably work.  I don't find them the most comfortable, but the crepe sole is pretty good.
new balances are cool for this. maybe in the gray colorway considering your uniform. pinroll the chino trousers too and your bottom half will look solid
Great, I was looking at either the red or the grey. Would you happen to know how comfortable/supportive they are?
I have a pair of 420s. I like them a lot, I could stand in them all day no problem.
they're supposed to be very comfortable. i don't remember exactly but i do recall the nb numbering system had to do something with the "comfort" factor or something
Im thinking about purchasing black derby shoes like these .. Despite their history as style-meets-functionality work shoes, can they be worn in formal contexts as dress oxfords? The thick crepe sole tells me no, but I feel like they can pass off as one... Does anybody have other recommendations for black oxfords that can be worn casually?
no. the wedge sole and the open lacing preclude it from anything approaching formality
Thanks, that's what I thought.
semi-formal, maybe, formally, no.
I am in desperate need for a coat this winter, and being from Wisconsin, a warm one. Can someone recommend a coat that will keep me very warm but also look good and be versatile with most outfits?
Budget?
Peacoats, parkas, trench coats. Check them out and see which you like best. 
Any particular brand/model of parka that you'd recommend?
I really like the Ace Hotel x Alpha Industries fishtail parka (.). If you're looking for cheaper I can do a little research for you.
Are there any brands that make coats like this that has them in store somewhere so I could go and try them on?
edit: sorry it seems a little out of your budget. it's from EU so the shipping adds $20 too i think.
also it's a s/s parka
Ah, my bad.
Wouldn't recommend trench coats, they're not very warm.
parkas and peacoats are p much the easiest recs. do you wear a suit? if so, you need an overcoat for that. Otherwise like toggle coats are nice
I don't wear a suit, college student..Any particular brand/model of parka that you'd recommend? Or toggle coat for that matter.
for parkas it depends on what you like. penfield is nice. for fishtails the alpha industries x ace hotel collab is cool and reasonably priced
Probably around $150-200, might be able to push $250 if I really like it.
How's the fit on this stuff? Are the jeans too tight?
Jeans do look quite tight in the waist and thighs, especially seen in the pulling at the crotch. They may stretch is they're raw though I'm far from an expert on this sort of thing.
Your shorts could be shorter and your jeans fit well.
RE: Express Photographer Pants.I'm looking into a pair in dark blue. I'm not crazy about Express, but I have a gift card, and I'm looking to experiment with blue pants. Here's my question:.I recall someone saying that as photographer pants go, the dress pants are higher quality than the chinos. Something about the chinos having a funny sort of finish on them. Can anyone confirm this? Do I have it the other way around?
I have the chinos and have washed them a ton. They are pretty durable and have held their color. For the dress pants I've bought, I washed once and they faded, even when I took them to the dry cleaners they faded.
Yup. Material feels thin and looks shinier on the chinos. Who knows why. Also yeah, their waist sizes run big.
Just be careful if you're ordering online--their pants run pretty large around the waist so go down a size or two.
With the Nordstrom sale coming up, I think I'm going to pick up a pair of Beckmans. There's no store in my area, so I'll have to order them online, but it says they're .. Can anyone with a Nordstrom card who has access to the anniversary sale now see if they're available in the sale section?.On that note, would it be wise to get a Nordstrom card and just get them now? What is the process with getting a card?.Finally, sizing. I went to my local Red Wing store and it turns out they don't carry the Heritage line. According to Feetlot I should wear a 9.5 (I wear 10.5 Vans), but I'm a little wary of going a full size down and I want to actually try them on.
There's a pair being sold, but only in Harness.
Getting a nordstrom card is easy... ..
Just bought them today at the preview sale. The sales lady said that it'll take them a few days before the full sale inventory is available to the public. I got lucky and they had my size haha.
So you are a Nordstrom cardholder?
My mom is, I was able to use hers to get the $130 off or whatever it was.
They have the "Cigar" color on sale for $199.90 for the anniversary sale.
Are there any more charges, or can I just get the debit card and be on my merry way without worrying about having a credit card?
As far as I understand it you can just get a debit card and be on your way, no charges. That's what I did. 
I went a full size down (9.5 from my 10.5 Vans) and it was the right call on my Beckmans. 
Free shipping and free returns means you could just buy both, if you're fine with that..Fwiw I'm a 12 in the Beckmans and 11.5 in 1000 mile. 11.5 CDBs and 12 All Stars are both a tiny bit large. Brannock measured at 12.5. I don't wear Vans since they're tight on my little toe, even up to size 13, somehow.
I've had a pair of moccasins for a while now, but it's hard to find things to pair them with. 
mocs look like crap man 
Just pretend they're visvim..But no, they don't really work here. 
Best raincoat/parka sub $100?
 and/or 
I live in Canada, in the summer I like to wear white v-necks under long-sleeved buttoned shirts(loose collar). I recently moved and need to get some more buttoned shirts. Some of the western shirts at American Eagle are lightweight, but they have attention-seeking patterns. I need shirts that are lightweight for summer that won't make me look like a high school kid. Any recommendations? 
Check out Simons if you live in quebec, just bought 3 linen button downs last week and I could not be happier with them. 29.99$ each
I'm in the middle of buttfuck, Ontario. Thanks for the tip though
Get some linen shirts. Perfect for summer. I have a linen popover and I wear it all the time in 95+ weather
I just checked and see there's no GAp or H&M where I live. Woe is me! I guess I can scour the local mall for male linen shirts. They have an Old Navy here, might as well check that out. An RW&Co, a Le Chateau. They probably have them
Online ordering may be your best bet. Brooks Bros., J. Crew, Lands End.
I have had some success with Old Navy's slim fit shirts. I have a chambray shirt that is okay. It being Old Navy I had to get a slim size small, but it is a decent casual shirt for summer. 
Linen shirts look nice and are cool at the same. You can get them at H&M, Gap, Uniqlo, Jcrew...basically all the places MFA loves to shop. 
No Jcrew or Uniqlo where I live :(, I'll check out Gap though and H&M. Thanks!
j.crews online store ships to canada
Where in Canada are you?
Near thunder bay
The Bay sometimes has decent items as well but you've got slim pickings up there pal! Banana Republic is pretty good too.
Thanks!
Check out Banana Republic and Club Monaco, too. We have those in Canada.
What are guys thoughts on these Lacoste shoes?
i dont really care for most stuff lacoste except maybe their polos, and those aren't even all that special today. if i was getting shoes in that style id just go with vans or seavees or converse or something.
they're OK but would be way better without that band down the side with the blue and red trim. also could do without the logo but lacoste likes branding their things.
To be honest I'm not a huge of Lacoste either, I bought those shoes years ago but never wore them until a couple of weeks ago when I needed some white sneakers..I want some Superga 2650 but I don't think I can justify buying them when I barely wear white sneakers and I have those Lacoste.

I don't see why it matters what it says. Just buy it from JewishTaco if you like it. If someone asks what it says make something up..Sorry if this is coming off as mean. Sorry about your back. Do you have any idea what it could be from?
Lower back might mean you need more liquids. 
Stretch your quads and hip flexors out a bit. Lie on your back on your bed and hang one leg down and bend the other up. Stretch? Good you're doing it right 
says "Mount Fuji" but in just-transliterated way (actual translation would be  or )..posture.
Lower back muscle pain is most often caused by activities that involve a deadlift type motion (picking up heavier things from the ground).  Hopefully you just lifted a lot of things lately and you have muscle soreness.  The other possibility is you tried to lift something too heavy for you and hurt a muscle. .I'd try a foam roller (you can buy them on amazon) until the pain goes away.  Works wonders. 

Dunno I just wanna know. I'll probably buy tho .I have no idea why it hurts tho 
snap city?
I'm looking for a white oxford button down that fits about a size to a half size smaller than Uniqlos xs slim fit. H&M xs would be perfect but the one by me doesn't carry any and they do t have on line shipping. I might just go ahead and purchase one from Uniwlo but I'm wondering if I had any other options below around $50.
Look out for Topman. Their stuff is really fucking slim, I wear an Uniqlo S slim fit and I could not fit my arms inside of their shirts. Also, they've got XXS covered
Thanks, a little more than what I'm looking to pay but I'll keep it in mind.
Check out kids sizing? Some guy a few weeks back had good luck with the brooks brothers kids section. Idk, best of luck.
BB is sold out in my size and J. Crew and Uniqlo's largest kids size are too small (and their smallest men's size is too big...hmmph) but I'll keep looking, thanks for the idea!
I wear a 9.5 in nikes.
8.5 in clarks 
9 in vans.Will a size 41 in Common projects boots fit me?
I'm 44 in nikes, 43 in CP..Edit: so if you're 9.5, 41 will probably be too small.
i wear about the same sizes and i am 42 in cps..might work though, my feet are kinda wide.
i wear pretty much the same sizes and just got a pair of cps in 41 that i think fit well

Much appreciated, it seems the boots follow the same size down one rle as do the achilles.
41 should fit
what if he just wants to know?
I guess I didn't word it right. 
A certain look made popular by tumblr users.  Usually somewhat dressy (i.e. chinos/slack + tucked in button shirt + shoes or even a casual suit) with certain bits of flair to it, such as the use of jewelry (especially bracelets), bright colors, and high cuffed trousers with no socks (or bright socks).
Says mount fuji, phonetically (like in this case it says Maunto fuji) (rather than the japanese word)
Yup: sounds in order of the symbols, left to right.Ma - u - n - to ||  Fu - ji
like fashion tumblrs or funny tumblrs or naked asian girl tumblrs 
anything you like
i hope you arent on a diet
anauthenticlife.tumblr.com (Old school Americana stuff, good mix of blue collar vs white collar).gthegentlemen.tumblr.com (#menswear without too much).airows.tumblr.com (cool stuff).awesomepeoplehangingouttogether.tumblr.com
(title says it all).asialicious.tumblr.com (Asian girls)
Slight correction, it's . and that actually just redirects to ...Can I plug my own blog too?
NO. .(yeah)

I got you bruh bruh
Denim jacket looks a size large, jeans look fine
Does this one look better?
I have yet to see a pair of double monks in the wild.
i'll fight you
What's the next step up from a Timex Weekender that takes NATO straps
Don't know if it's your style, but I really want ..
Orient Mako. I wouldn't even bother with a metal bracelet either. I bought mine with the silicon strap so I could use it while swimming and stuff, and if you plan on using a NATO a lot then the silicon is really easy to get off and replace.
Seiko 5.
How much are you looking to spend, and do you care about the movement? How do you want to wear it?.Almost any watch will take NATO straps, but people tend to prefer them on divers, pilots, and the like, rather than simple dressy watches.
Looking to spend about $100 USD.  I'm looking to wear it mostly casually and maybe rarely with a suit.  
Folks recommend Seiko or Citizen Eco Drive. Maybe some of the Orients get that low too. I'm not a watch guy, but you can find some things you like on Amazon and check the price history on Camel (Camel Camel).
I highly recommend looking through . as well as the .. Lots of good recommendations are given, especially for automatic watches, which are a "step up" from quartz movement type watches like the Timex Weekender..edit: as for an actual recommendation, people rave about their seiko 5's, particularly the . which can be fitted with a NATO strap of your choice.
Some watches Orient makes are very good for their price.
I'd look through . . guides. Many people really like the seiko 5 line, but there are plenty of options depending on what style of watch you like (diver, pilot, dress, etc)
am i reading correctly that i'd have to wind the seiko 5?
That's incorrect. 
No, I'm almost positive all Seiko 5's are automatics, which means the battery is charged by motion (there's a swinging thing inside the watch so when you move your arm it charges). Wind up watches are called manuals iirc.
Cool but america. :(
I really like the look of a Flieger-style watch on a NATO strap. . for just a little bit above your budget.
Skagen. 
Damn i forgot about those.  They take NATOs though?
Oh I thought you meant you were graduating to a completely different watch :X. Looks like nearly all of them have metal bands. They are some right now that are pretty nice. 
I researched it and it seems like they may.
Can someone explain the history of nonnative? I understand the aesthetics but I would like a deeper appreciation of the brand
dude is from portland iirc (or at least lived there for a while) but the company is japanese (obviously).  afaik its like a japanese look at americana through the lens of the west coast/pnw.  
Best I could find.
You're the best men, can you not have a word with the groom?
The problem is that if you're getting a suit in a style someone else picked, and it's the smallest you can get... Well, you might be out of luck. If it's not a rental and you have time, take it to the tailor. Other than that, sucks. .Sorry that's bad advice, but if you CAN'T change the suit 'type,' and they don't make it smaller, there's no good answer. 
What's 9 stone?
Use google: 57kg or 126lbs.
Imperial, bloody colonials :)
Thats an odd conversion.
14 pounds to a stone. Not sure it's used outside of the UK anymore.
Indeed this is the worst (of many) part about having somebody decide what clothes to put on your body..The fact that it's rented excludes any notion of tailoring so you're almost completely stuck unless you are able to talk the groom into changing his mind (unlikely)..For the ceremony itself you're stuffed but for the reception you can at least discard the jacket/waistcoat to reduce some of the ridiculousness. Beyond that there's not a lot of options here.
As someone (in the U.S.) who attends much less formal racing venues than Ascot, I wouldn't even dream of wearing jeans of any sort, they are inappropriate both for the venue and because of the heat..If you are concerned with the heat then grab some light weight chinos, in any color. I'm sure Topman or H&M have something..Both of the shirts look good, but maybe consider one in a very lightweight linen. if you get a lightweight white shirt, your nips might show..don't worry about the sleeve length on the shirts, its passable. You'll probably roll up the sleeves anyway..As a small recommendation, at least bring a blazer to carry around, even if its a very casual one. It allows you some "social mobility" (believe me its like camouflage at the races) and if you get hot...just take it off..That being said, enjoy the race! 
Thanks for your reply. .I ran out of time in the end to do more clothes shopping. However it was just a normal race day rather than anything special like Royal Ascot, and we were in the grandstand seating area rather than premier seating. These two things in combination meant that I was probably somewhere in the middle in terms of dress. For example, yes there were guys walking around in suits and ties, and tweed jackets etc, but there were also guys walking around in shorts and flip flops. I keep looking at photos and without a jacket i can't help but feel that with the plain white shirt on I still look like a waiter or something! But other than that it looks good. Happy overall..Also, luckily, the grandstand seating area is mostly in the shade all afternoon, so the heat wouldn't have been an issue jacket-wise! I'll know for next time..Cheers.
uniqlo has a few.zara.apc.norse projects.commes de garcon
I enjoy Hippytree's designs, although I don't have any in my current size so I can't remark on the fit.
could you link me please
fuckin google ya lazy
acne, allsaint maybe h&m
rick owens/damir doma.drkshdw/silent if too expensive.drkshdw/silent on sale if still too expensive
not really, these are tall tee's and i'm pretty sure those brands dont carry anything remotely close to vtb
its similar you get the same neck all you have to do is tape a piece of fabric at the bottom to get the ninja
no
i like kostens.  could also do vans 
 makes high quality . shoes that also . pretty . (if you don't mind slight branding). 
I recall Nike putting out she pretty decent looking skate shoes a few years ago. Or, you could go pretty old school and rock a pair of chucks
I wear . from Fallen. The suede on the upper is really strong, and Fallen has a bunch of shoes that look like normal shoes while being great skate shoes. 
Yeah Nike SB do seem to put out some nice stuff with the Janoski leading the pack, but I am a bit wary because I've heard some say they don't last that long. Gotta love the swoosh though.
Oh man, I remember seeing D3's in CCS catalogs for years and they are dreadful. .But I skated nothing but Vans Half-Cabs for a while. Really durable and cost-effective. .Emerica Reynolds 3's are awesome too

lakai manchesters.dc chris coles are good too for skateability. i'm not a fan of the dc logo though on the side.kostons 1 and 2.make sure you go for suede shoes for max boardfeel + durability. shoe goo might be worth investing in too later
Addidas busenitz

It'll sound crazy, but as a skater I love my Adidas Campus shoes. Flat bottom and pretty damn grippy. They look solid and not clunky at all. I got mine under $50 at Kohl's so you should have no trouble. Also check out the Adidas Busenitz, some other people recommended it but I'm not as big of a fan of that one..wow
Adidas Campus, eh? I will take a look at those. I'm in the UK though so no easy Kohl's for me :(.While you're here, what width should my board be if my feet are size 10 (US)?
eight all the way. id say its the standard width. but then again i know some guys who wear size 7 shoes that skate 8.5 inch wide decks.edit: dude, get the janoski's. cool, comfortable, sturdy, and effective. Any contest/park I've been to is littered with janoski's, so being a copy cat isnt really a thing, you're more like to to get compliments on your janoski's than hate for having the same shoe as 10 other people in the park
im a size 10 and i skate 7.75. if you want to do a lot of flatground type tricks the smaller the board the easier it is to flip. 7.5-8.0 is usually preferred range
Are you talking straight skateboarding or longboarding? Tech or street? For lots of cruising get something a bit wider but if you want to do tricks skew a bit smaller..I had a 7.5" Element helium for a long time, you could probably go anywhere between 7.5 and 8 inches. I mainly longboard now though, my longboard is a 9.65" width. 
Koston 1 (Nike) or Busenitz (Addidas) 
I like anything Koston, too bad S isn't around anymore, I used to adore that brand.
Fear not. Nike has Koston shoes! There's a Koston 1 and Koston 2.
Ahhhhh the Accels... Such a great shoe, would definitely pick up a pair if they were still around.
wait... they don't produce anymore?
I love the 
Those are so nice, can't seem to find a retailer in the UK for them though.
Vans classic solid color slip ons can look clean or loud depending on what color you get them in. kind of make your feet look tiny though, so be aware of that
. Best shoes i've ever bought :D 
I had a pair of D3s, I forget which color but I'm pretty sure the most ridiculous one (not the orange as pictured above, though). .Sucks too because I was a poser sort of :( I was chubby but could ollie. 
Adidas buesnitz and a few other skate models they make too. Dunk SBs
SB dunks would be great shoes if it was not for the huge tongue. 
if you end up getting kostons, avoid the white and black colorway. it gets dirty very quickly.
half-cabs are quirky and distinctly skate shoes.edit: also sk8 his..also 23 in the skatepark is still young.
If a 23 year old can have a mid-life crisis, I guess I'm practically on my deathbed at 26?.I don't know anything about skateboarding and I'm sorry if this answer seems cliched or obvious, but what about Vans? They're the first thing I think of when I hear "skate shoe."
Every week or so Buzzfeed comes out with these popular articles that make it seem like turning 25 is the new mid-life crisis. I don't know if that feeling has always been a thing among 20-something year olds or if it's something new, but it's become a parody of itself at this point.
Ha, I was a little tongue in cheek there. It is a bit of a changeup considering by day I'm a 9-5 office guy..Vans are def a safe bet, I'm sure a few of them will be on the shortlist.
don't get vans, or at least not vans authentics.they're not skate shoes anymore. they get torn apart within a few months of wear.I think . is a skater so you might want to ask him.also . can't hurt to ask 
I was just joking at your choice of words, I knew what you meant. I also know what you mean. Entering the workplace after school was a major lifestyle change for me, too..Hope you find the shoes you're looking for!
Everything in skate shoes right now is about tech. These are probably about as stylish as you can get while still having a shoe that lasts for more than 20 minutes. 
Nice, thanks a lot for the list. Really liking the Vans right now. It's always a dangerous game with these functional shoes because for whatever reason a lot of the time you can choose looks or function, not both.
I've skated in Manchesters and Busenitz and highly recommend them. Great shoes..I also own a pair of Kostons, which I haven't skated because it's been a while since I skated, but I was not impressed with them. The heel wore down and now the plastic in it sticks into the back of my foot. Not good. It was disappointing because all other Nike Sb shoes I've owned have been really high quality and comfortable, Janoskis being my favorite (and my favorite skater, back when I was into skating), and Dunks being extremely comfortable, except too bulky for my tastes. .Busenitz are really good though, extremely comfortable and, being a cupsole, also really durable. I never got a chance to completely wreck them though, because I had been skating Janoskis for so long. I know you asked for shoes that aren't Janoskis, but seriously, they're extremely good and last an incredibly long time for being thin and vulcanized. I'd highly recommend Busenitz as an alternative to them though.
Just got my Vans Chimas yesterday and I highly recommend them.
Kostons are very good skate shoes, just be sure to get suede (idk if they come in other options anyways).
Lakai Machesters are great. I have them and they skate well and don't tear to quick.
I own these and they are great! 
I have a couple ., they're awesome.
[deleted]
Not really, I skated in O7 and wore those exact same lakais and Adidas
Jordan 3,4, and 11 be the shoes.
Them beautiful galaxys.... 
Reppin' the ROOS.
Jordan XI is still my favorite. Just something so aesthetically pleasing about them.  
Solid but no Air Max 180 is a serious omission.
Man, there are some really . horrible shoes there.
I'm heading to USA in a few weeks. Planning to do a lot of shopping and picking up some dope sneakers. Thanks for this.
s/o to .!!
no nylites?
This is really cool. Really shows why Nike have been so popular in recent years, such a variety of styles and silhouettes .Can't wait for the 2014 Stan Smith reboot. Such a clean shoe
You left out my personal favorite shoe right now, the Stephen Janoski. Sweet kicks by nike
Its a nice one, would even consider buying this as poster.
BUT...there are just too many inaccuracies.
Some dates and models are even just wrong.
Many errors.  Air carnivores are 92/93, not 89.  
Damn, things took a turn for the worse there in the 80s, and never came back........ 
Too much Nike. Too little Adidas.
No Skunks?
Looks like you were on Uncrate today.  That's a sweet site.
Loving those Wu- Tang Jordans
What do people think of the New Balance 1300's from 1984? They're 4 from the top and 5 from the left..I have a pair of 565's which look almost identical, and while they're really comfortable sometimes I feel like they're dorky looking because of the big tread and the fat tongue. I kinda wish I had bought something more slim/minimal. Am I over thinking it?.Edit: This is what they look like, although mine are blue and white.
at least give a shout out to . when you post this an hour after it gets posted there
Is there one of these for Jordans?
Air Moab. What was I thinking.
In my opinion the quality of Jordans has gone way down. The OGs were way better looking, and the new ones are neither good looking, nor good for playing..On the otherhand, Nike's other basketball shoe lines are really good on the court, but things like the Kobes (my favorite shoes to play in) are almost impossible to wear casually..I tend to stick to the older sneakers for casual/street wear, but I would never wear them for their original basketball purpose.
This is awesome.  what is a compendium?
I don't know if this chart is historically accurate but it seems that it wasn't until the late 1960's that sneakers became widely adopted by the masses.
The Adidas Trimm Trab looks like a chunkier-soled Gazelle hmmm.Btw Jack Purcells were originally made by BF Goodrich; they weren't produced by Converse until the 70's. Just FYI
88 Agassi was such an awesome shoe. I loved mine back in the day. And onitsuka tiger original is still my fave. And 1972 Cortez put the sneak in sneaker. Damn they be silent. Love this. 
No Vans Slip-Ons?  And why only one pair of Etnies and a few Vans for skate shoes?  I think Osiris and Circa should get credit for "hightopping" the skate shoe industry.
this is really cool :) makes me want mowabs more than i already did.
There are few things in life that confuse me as much as the appeal of some of these shoes to sneaker people. 
I can't believe they're not there either :( .First shoe I looked for.
Nah that's fair criticism. It depends what you're looking for. I bet they're very comfy, but if you're dressing sharp (casual clothes) with those shoes then the shoes will stick out. If you're just wearing ordinary casual stuff it's fine (it won't stick out). .Basically you don't want those shoes to stick out because they aren't meant to do so. They will if your accompanying clothes are "good casual" e.g. what . aspires to generally..Also depends on your style. It's possible you can pull it off, but all of this is a generalization.
Same! First real shoe I bought as well!
1300 is one of the best overall NB shapes.
Compendium?

Damn this is great content let's upvote it to the frontpage
Big new balance fan here. The 574's always look good so if you are looking for classics go grey or navy New balance always look great in these colours. Ok the next step up is 990's in grey or navy these are pretty much always limited and are hard to find but are considered THE classic New Balance Shoe. Generally NB shoes should be worn to like this .Hope that helps!.I don't know why the 2012 1500's are shown here cause this is the new shoe mould which pretty much all new balance fans hate. Just saying.
The 80's were a weird time.
caring about sneakers is a great litmus test for adulthood.edit: wow turns out MFA is a bunch of 14 year olds, seriously who would have guessed
Sneakers just got uglier with time with the exception of the Nike sb dunk. I like all the pre 90 stuff. 
nothing past 1980 looks good.
Congratulations! You are the one and only person to dislike 
The lack of Supra's, Emerica, Nike SB, Etnies, Lakais, Fallen, and DC is very unpromising.
I'm sad there's no Rowley's on here.
You're mistaken. I posted it an hour earlier. I uploaded the imgur, which they copied without referencing my post. Thanks though.
well, it says 22 hours ago on their post currently, and 21 hours ago on this one. i dont know who uploaded what first, but it seems to point the other way.
I'm not sure which one you're referring to. I'm referring to 
ahh, there we go. . is the one i was talking about
Whoops, honestly didn't see that one when I searched
I felt the exact opposite, hah! The beginning seemed Adidas heavy, but maybe I was projecting.
Wow, those old timers sure seem a lot nicer and aesthetically more pleasing than the new ones. 80s and 90s design sure look awful.
The image is originally in vector, so you . make it the size of your wall. It's just a matter of finding the original EPS..Edit: or just visit their . sorry, I got excited.
What the fuck is that abomination near the top right corner of the text???
should probably get yourself checked out by a optometrist if you can't fucking read
Stefan*****.C'mon, man. 
w2cop jordan 3s.Seriously, is there any place that sells Jordan 3s for a reasonable price? I'm planning on getting the Fire Reds releasing on August 3rd but I don't think I'll be fast enough and the resell is going to be rape.
Nope.  Try craiglist/ebay, otherwise you're paying what resellers ask. 
the fire red 3s are a general release so I can't imagine them being that hard to track down at all.
Is it really? Would you happen to have a source?
I'm not sure any official sources have come out and said it but 
the name of the . implies it's a GR. .It's also the 25th anniversary of the shoe so you're going to get more releases than you'd normally get, and although I can't find it at the moment (on my phone), I also am 95% sure I read it's a GR on nike talk as well..Not sure where you're located, but there is a sneaker app called unlaced that lists places in your area with jordan/nike accounts..edit - that sole collector thread has links to buy them already. Definitely verify legitimacy, and it may not be worth it in this case (since I don't think it will be a hard shoe to get), but you could always go that route as well.
Thank you very much!
1300s are fine. I wouldn't wear black shoes with tan pants though
Elaborate
To my eye, anything but the simplest converses or pumas are atrociously hideous. I'd probably throw a few more negative adjectives on there. The fact that people are obsessed with them just baffles me. 
So true I hate those too
We over on . wear Kobes, Lebrons, etc casually. Check us out.
I don't get the fascination with shoes.  If I didn't need foot protection I wouldn't wear them 
the sole of your foot'll get stronger if you go without shoes. get started today.
The fact that the Vans that came out in 1966 aren't on here, pisses me off. 
One mention of Asics, and no Onitsuka Tigers?! I can't take this seriously.
Top right corner.
This took me down a brief introduction to Jeremy Scott rabbit hole....thank you for that laugh.
No, It's missing the 2015 Nike's with power laces.
"Nike Cortex" -______________________________-.CORTEZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
How'd Faders make it? Callicuts were the same basic design but cleaner looking and released atleast 5-6 yrs earlier
god damn i need those playstation af1s 
1995 Air Jordan XI,.that shit was my jaaaaam.
The Nike Air Max MAG is listed as 2011. It'd have been funny and appropriate for them to put it at 2015.
how many of these shoes have people been shot and killed for i wonder?
Wow, actual . content in an image. This is actually a great feeling!
Saw this on High Snobiety
I feel like the Osiris D-3's need to be on here.  So comfy, so ugly, and they were absolutely ubiquitous during the early 2000's.
Reebok classic??
very cool. thanks for sharing. is there a high resolution version of this image?
In the first decade of this millennium, I watched people buy Nike Dunks off of peoples feet for $300. I kid you not. Back story is:.I used to work at a skate shop in Orange County. Every month, we would get exactly 50 pairs of Nike SB Dunk Low into our shop. People would line up out front to get their hands on these shoes. We were one of the few shops in the area that priced them at the MSRP from the manufacturer. Other stores would price them nearly double it. Within hours, the shoes would disappear from our stock room. We had people come in and ask to buy the shoes the employes would buy before the public could off of their feet. It got crazy. 
It seems very focused on basketball shoes, no? 
I wish they made more Wu Tang Dunks so badly :(
I'm from Brazil so this question may seem weird, but why no Mizunos? Are they not popular in the US/Europe?
Not so popular outside of running shoes.
Go home Jeremy Scott 2013 Adidas wings. You're drunk. 
Seriously? Seriously? Wings? 

Brings a lot of money to Adidas probably and some of them are pretty cool dude. But they get significant hate everywhere and I'm in a huge minority in saying they can work in plenty of fits.
How about .?.I really dig Jeremy Scott's Adidas sneakers, but it's not something I'd wear personally.
Was that a tie in for the Flintstones movie?
2003 Nike Sb Dunk High are nice.
no Bapes?
Red 1993
Adidas Tmac Originals are omitted, and a beautiful bball shoe
I would love a pair of RF Salmon Toes. Grail sneakers.
A slow march towards absurdity.  I'm afraid of what will happen in the next decade.

I actually kind of like the silhoette on those
Flyknit Frees? Photoshop?
Nope, these are legit afaik. 
Nike Flyknits and Nike Frees are some of the most comfortable shoes I own. Especially as a runner. I'm actually excited for this combination of both. They're not even ugly as you seem to suggest.
Oh sorry, didnt mean to give that impression. I'm pumped for them, and meant to only show what the future holds, not hate on them. 
Oh no worries haha. I'm pumped too. I wish I could afford to own multiple flyknits because they are oh so comfy
Been lusting after black/white trainers and when I finally got the money they're out of stock. .If they release a similar colorway with the flyknit frees I'd consider it, though $180 is gonna be steep.
i thought those were $140
Thread I saw said $180... it'll probably be a few months regardless.
Nike Free Flyknit +.Summer '13.615805-xxx.(First Wave - Men's).010 BLACK/WHITE-ANTHRACITE.012 BLACK/WHITE-DARK GREY-WOLF GREY.316 ELECTRIC GREEN/WHITE-BRIGHT CRIMSON-BLACK.413 SQADRON BLUE/WHITE-NEO TURQUOISE-CHLORINE BLUE.414 GAME ROYAL/WHITE-BLUE GLOW-WOLF GREY.418 BLUE GLOW/WHITE-GAME ROYAL-TOTAL ORANGE.616 BRGHT CRMSN/WHT-GYM RD-SQDRN B.618 UNIVERSITY RED/WHITE-TEAM ORANGE-TOTAL ORANGE.713 VOLT/WHITE-ELECTRIC GREEN-WOLF GREY
oh sweet jesus
only 5.0s or also 3.0s?
Out of all my air jordans I love my 5s and 4s the best but I wish I could get concords. They are the perfect shoe I wish I could of got them on release date. Also air yeezys?! No one talked about those in here
Wow, jordan XX8 is pretty hideous. 250 to boot.
The one on the chart looks like something you'd see at a Michael Jackson concert. Or the Ice Capades..I actually had to GIS them, and now think they're even more hideous IRL.
Apparently they are pretty good to play basketball in. 
downhill since '85
I felt like . were missing.
Since we're hopping on the error train, the Air Max Safari used in the picture is the wrong one. Those are Air Max 1 Safaris which came out in 2002. The shoe pictured was inspired by the original Nike Air Safari, popularized by Biz Markie during the late 80's. They are also not part of the Air Max line and are their own silhouette..[(.]
Quick fashion question: . 
Hypebeast?
sweet thank you
HA! Good luck with those Yeezy 1s & 2s and Mcflys
Hey Shujin, thanks for posting this chart. I am kind of surprised they didn't include the Adidas TRX Trainers that came out around 1980. I wish they would bring that style back.
there's a pair of nikes I can never find (not pictured in this either). hard to describe but it had a foily/shiny silver section near the front of the shoe. they were gorgeous to my grade 6 eyes...if anyone finds em, I love you.
I feel like a kid when I'm wearing adidas Campus IIs and white Superstars.  I much prefer my sambas.
was it really necessary to include the back to the future shoes? there were like 200 pairs made
I had the Air Max More Uptempo back in third grade. I definitely felt like the coolest kid on the playground.
As did I, in Grade 5
1972 Bruins are my favorite. Easily top 3 in my rotation in the spring/summer.
I hear that 1972 Bruins team was pretty good. Bobby Orr was great.
Where are the British Knights?
How fitting. My favorite sneaker was introduced in my birth year..Nike Dunk, 1986.
Same for me actually! Favorite Nikes are AJ3s 1988. Though, I must say I'm also a huge fan of the ballistic Hyperdunks, and flyknits hold a place in my heart.
the 3's in black cement. god. damn.
I know almost nothing about sneakers, it shocked me about just how old the Chuck Taylor's and Jack Purcell's actually are.
can someone show me foamposites done well?.they seem pretty popular, but to me they're so misshapen and ugly. willing to change mind.
Can't link because mobile but go to . and go to top of all time and find a post that says "Decided to UNDS my grails for my cakeday!".Those are the galaxy foams. I owned some copper foams and they were comfortable and amazing as fuck.
No . That was the big "Bo Knows" ad campaign, and a break from the high-tops that we so popular at the time. They were one of the first 3/4 shoes. 
Wow, you're right.  This now seems like a big omission.  There's another Nike from that era, that had... I can't remember, a slight neon yellow/green tinge around heel?  I can't find a picture, but saw those all the time back then..Also, Nike Airliners.
This list is corrupted by the sneaker head author's bias. Impressive he made the Space Man Jump Man purple though. Only 5 of those.
I still prefer the original sambas (the picture is slightly off) with the huge tongue. The most unique feature of the shoe
(note: these aren't . originals, but it shows the soccer tongue)
Designed for indoor soccer, no?
Outdoor on frozen ground. The three cups acted like suction cups, making sure you didn't slip and bust yourself up. 
Exactly the ones I mean. I play soccer, so these were pretty essential. Never know what to do with the tongue though
Pretty sure it's just to give your lower shin some protection.
it is supposed to fold down and cover the knot of your laces.  it makes a smoother surface to hit the ball with. you see this on a lot of soccer cleats, some of them even have an elastic band to hold the tongue in place.
Makes sense.
Oh, well then. That is pretty cool. Do you know if they've any relation to the German Army Trainer? That I know of Adidas produced a version and they seem like they stem from similar heritage (not to mention having a similar aesthetic).
They do!  Here's the history:
I think they just share an aesthetic. I googled around, and the only things I could find were blogs saying that Adidas just ripped off the style and branded the trainers later on. But on the other hand, Adidas did produce boots for the Nazis during WWII, so there could be something there.
Also interesting information. I think that's where I got the connection; I thought maybe they might have manufactured the unbranded trainers at some point under contract.
Hey, thanks for the neat link. I guess . and I were . right; designed for indoor soccer and for running on the cold, hard ground outside. .Also interesting to hear that Puma manufactured for the Army as well. Just adds to the legendary rivalry, I guess.
They make an "indoor samba" with a different sole.  You can find them on the adidas originals site.
Where is the 2004 Adidas Zissou
Where dem geos doe?
how do people not know this
They also don't seem to be aware of Google.
Not everyone plays . ram
then there's us
A moment of silence for Philipe the riding dog.
hey so the week of the 21st 
You'll be here? Yall have pretty bad timing, missing eachother by a week.
seriously
The Eagles are dope as fuck. I dunno what your deal is
It's like all the shoes post-80's are in CAPSLOCK.
You need a toga and some olive branches to go with that.
some real Hermes steez
So they show all the shit new designs and none of the good ones. I understand this is trying to show us how timeless the older styles are and I won't argue that, but don't compare them against some of the worst of today's.
No Osiris D3's?  Loved those things in '01.
Tinker Hatfield's a motherfucking genius. I mean, what kind of person thinks up Concords?.Also, ..
That fit is so damn clean. Fits like that make me wanna get my money up.
Esit: what tumblr is that from?  Always love some good street fashion.

'preciate it.
replying just for the save. i wanna know too
They are extremely dorky.
i probably wouldn't eat if it weren't for the whole sustenance thing
By surface area shoes cover maybe 5% of your body. I never understood why people would shell out hundreds of dollars for neon monstrosities on their feet .Edit:  food also tastes good 
i wouldn't breathe if it wasn't for the whole... you know.. 

To be fair, those are limited to track running. Not to say that they aren't hideous.
very cool.  it's interesting to see the trend change from sleek lowtop sneakers like JPs to the explosion in popularity of chunky hightop sneakers in the 80s and 90s.  
And then see how contemporary those sneakers from the 60's and 70's are now.
1916 Keds are missing, just saying 
I thought the same thing. These days people seem to think they are feminine, but I like mine a lot.
Where are the Phat Farms in the early-mid 2000's?
7th grade memories. I think I was the only person who didn't like them.
dam reebok used to make some fat shoes
a concise, yet comprehensive compilation of a body of knowledge
Much obliged
Huge mistake on the Wu Tangs, def not Jordan 14s...that's the pair to the left. Those were the 99 Dunks X WuTang...one of the rarest sneakers at only 72 made, if you can find a pair expect to drop at least 5 grand.
Yeah, the early 90s were intense.
Some of those shoes are like you're walking on memory foam.
Lol Marijuana socks
God the 90s were such a dark time for fashion. & are Nike Blazers on the list? Couldn't spot them.
Not at all, so many good sneakers came out in the 90s
nope, it's a shame
huh.those 90s sneakers are super fucking cool
Those infrared air max 90s are tight
I got bagged on for including them in a fit. What the fuck guys?
mfa is 5% knowledgeable userbase 95% drones
Mfa has a thing against "chunky" sneakers a lot of times they look off with slim fitting stuff, but i live mine, i used the nike id to copy the infrared color way
Holy shit I need a pair of those eagles

Animosity of fashion.
I love my Onitsuka Tigers 
Same here, and the lack of them on that chart was disconcerting. I immediately looked for them at '66 and '81, and was astounded they weren't there.
Top right corner, '69
Nike Cortex? Isn't it Cortez?
Was about to mention that. I had a pair of Nike iD Cortez shoes customized. I'd never heard of the Cortex.
It is indeed
Nike x Naughty Dog collab confirmed.
Dunks were in 1985 I thought, and this chart should include the terminator since it's the dunks sister shoe. Also no AM90s? That's an oversight, considering it mentions the 2011 retro of the infrareds. The choices overall are really weird. Why not have Danny Supas on the chart, since they were the first SB Dunk released? Overall I liked the beginning but the end had some really weird choices and too many retros.
Infrared AM90s near the bottom left
those are the '11 retros I mentioned
That and it's almost entirely focused on basketball kicks (with some exceptions). You don't see a lot of Puma's line of shoes on there, since they're mostly soccer styled. Granted, in the USA you don't see a lot of soccer-type shoes for sneaker options, but they are a pretty good choice with a lot of outfits.
There are like four adidas soccer shoes on that chart.
I just visited the Bata shoe museum in Toronto and they had a somewhat large sneaker exhibition. These seem to be all the same shoes though, plus a few that weren't there. It may be that this compendium was based off that exhibition or a similar one, which would explain the omissions and strange choices.
And no Air Jordan VII, the GOAT shoe
Nah, you're thinking of the VI 
GOAT? the VII? you may be in the minority almost all sneaker heads reserve the the greatest Jordan's as the I, III, and XI. Dont get me wrong I love the VII but it doesnt come close to the III
Agree to disagree, I've just never seen a flyer shoe than ..
I like the VIs better than the VIIs.  I'd have a hard time not snatching the carmine ones off somebody's feet if I saw them.
Just looked again, went straight from V to XI. No blazers either. Was just weird to me that it suddenly went from listing first releases to listing colorway/retro releases, and weird ones at that; like the 2012 Supreme SBs and not the OG ones (which were much better), and lists like 5 versions of the XI, Wings 2.0 (where is 1.0?). 
god damn i love Samba's
I loved Adidas shoes ever since I got my first pair of Samba's, just so comfortable and they go with a lot of things.
I picked up a pair a couple months ago, never thinking I'd see them again, and I have to admit I felt a little bit goofy buying shoes I hadn't worn since high school. But something about their look is classic. And damn they're comfortable.
I converted to them a couple months ago. I thought they were just a trendy campus shoe until I realized how fucking comfortable/versatile they are. I've never kept a pair of sneakers clean until today..Though they make this terrible squeaking sound when I drive, sliding around on the accelerator... uughhhghhgh
I literally grease mine sometimes to prevent that squeak. 
I fixed mine with sandpaper. Just roughen the bits that squeak a little.
How do I find the bits that squeak?
For me it was the bit in . on both sides. The leather parts scraping against each other make the squeaking sound.
I found the Gazelles more comfortable for whatever the reason...basically the same exact style though. 
I prefer the cleaner, less busy look of the old school sneakers. They are timeless and they are great
Agreed, but if I'm about to run a marathon, give me new Asics in whatever colour they are this year, please. 
I just got a pair of decent running shoes. I am amazed at how much having those affects my running and endurance.
Same story here. I have completely flat feet and though nothing could help. Boy was I wrong. 
I have flat feet as well, could I ask what shoes you're using?

Awesome, thanks!
A really cool through-the-years look at notable sneakers. Source is ...Edit: Since some people have been asking, .. It's actually smaller, but it's easier on the eyes.
All of the images suck on mobile. I can't tell what half of these shoes are. 
Get a better phone. I can read it fine on my Note 2. Don't expect every single "smart phone" to work the same.
Slightly better quality 
Submitting pictures to MFA: . is how you do it..Thank you, very cool content!
It's crazy how a shoe from 1917 can be so popular today.
And cost $50. You'd think they could have found some cost savings somewhere. 
Comes down to supply and demand really, in this case mostly demand.
To be fair: the older sneakers look awesome! 
I robot did a lot, in terms of exposure.
Not really. Also, the "vintage 2004" line really nagged at me. Chucks look exactly as they did in 1917. Will was a dumbass for feeling the urge to buy 2004 models. Unless they've changed since then in the movie.
They still look better than most of the sneakers out there.
They've been popular for ages. George Harrison wore them in the 60s. My dad has been wearing them since the 70s. He's actually stopped recently though because he sees so many teenage girls in them that he feels like everyone will just think he's trying to be that one dad that's "down with the kids"
Not really, they're just really popular.
$50 is cheap for shoes
Not for Chuck Taylors. They are made out of fabric. 
Chucks are $90 in Australia and they're still the most common shoe I see younger people wearing, they're not going to change the price. What they're made of is irrelevant, they have almost 100 years of marketing and brand behind them.
The materials are a part of the retail cost.
Isn't minimum wage almost 2X higher in AUS? If so, the price gap makes more sense. 
Minimum wage isn't a valid argument for this.
Sure it is. There are two ways of looking at pricing:.1) Price based on cost to make, market, and sell plus a profit margin. No one does this. This is a grade school understanding of business..2) Price at what the market will bear, maximizing the combination of volume and profit margin. This is how pricing is done..If we accept pricing model 2), then it matters how much spending money the average shoe consumer has. If the average citizen is making more money in Australia (they are) then they can afford more expensive products..In fact, if you adjust the high price for Australian videogames by the minimum wage disparity, the prices are almost exactly the same..So, yes, the minimum wage has everything to do with the price of shoes.
Thats what you are paying for. Them to market them. I bought some in the old days(late 80s) for about $15.
And I'm sure people bought them in 1923 for ~$3.
My favorite shoe in the whole lot, they did it right the first time around
Amazing how timeless they are. A true classic. They make 90% of the other sneaks in the graphic look atrocious. 
Does no one like PF Flyers?
They're okay, just chunkier (if that's the right word) looking in my opinion.
I do but I think theyre mostly reserved for pickeling beasts
10x more comfortable though.
In that case I'll have to actually try on a pair, thanks for the recommendation. 
i have a pair of pf flyers. they are the least comfortable pair of sneakers i've ever owned... i'm very sad about it because they look awesome.
Mine were like that, too. Check to make sure the insole didn't shred. Mine did at the heel so I swapped them out for some new ones from the store.  They're much better now.
I'm pretty sure all pairs of new PFs now come with insoles.  Aside from that, the support is heads above any other shoe in that same style and price range. 
i do but i can see why they're less popular
Or how they waited . to make an allstar low.Innovation
What is more confusing to myself atleast is: who was wearing chucks in 1917? Was is just a rich kid's shoe? Or were there adults wearing them?
Another question: what were the alternatives for children and adults, just various types of "dress" shoes?
Basketball shoes. They were also used for other court sports. Jack Purcells were badminton shoes.
i ran a 100m race with them.
I can't imaging playing basketball in them now.
I used to play indoor lacrosse in mine. They actually worked out surprisingly well. 
Yeah, but before that they wore brogues.
I've done it and wanted to die afterwards. But I understand how they did it... they played a much slower, simpler game.
Played basketball in high school and one of my teammates found his inner hipster and decided to wear chucks to a pickup game, had sprained his ankle within 20 minutes!
Luckily I didn't twist my ankle, but my feet were blistered and destroyed. Not fun, though I have to say, I played very well that day.
I know, converse have zero sole, my foot hurts just walking in them for a few hours. Now playing ball in them? No way.
My dad played in them in the 70's and blames them for all his foot/leg problems. I don't wear mine when he's around. Not that he would judge me but I don't want to hear his monologue about them all the time. 
At least he didn't tell you he played bare-feat.
Haha, shut up Dad.
That would certainly be a feet.
Like escaping a grizzly bare.

People used to be less accustomed to shoes with a lot of support, heel rise etc. There is a good chance that therefor they had stronger feet (especially arches) and more dorsiflexion range. .Today kids get put in high support shoes with a decent heel rise almost immediately and therefor your foot never has to do any work itself and you almost never use the end of your dorsiflexion range. Which makes going back to shoes with no support and no heel rise uncomfortable and can possibly lead to injuries.
Actually I would argue that adaptation takes over and most people had flat feet. Prove me wrong.
I have heard that ankle taping used to be a bigger deal, too, whereas now for many people the shoes do that role (or not?).
Ankle taping is still a big deal in many sports. Maybe less in basketball where high top shoes are the norm but I know very little about basketball so I cant say. 
College and professionals still get taped up a lot.
Former high school basketball player here, high top basketball shoes provide some ankle support but it's not even close to the support a proper taping gives you. People who have ever sprained their ankles tend to keep taping them as a precaution even after they're mostly healed, although it feels like you never fully recover. 
IT'S TRUE IT'S ALL TRUE.Imagine if you went your entire life with your hand in a really soft glove that kept it from doing any work. You'd probably have a really weak hand.
Of Mice and Men status! 
how is this possible?
Try walking 3-5 miles a day and also lifting cases of beer and moving kegs while wearing nice pants and let me know how long they hold up. I've already worn down the crotch of two pairs of pants just from the constant rubbing. 
What quality of pants have you been buying in the pants? Maybe look into some more durable chinos like Epaulet's Rivet Chino.
Definitely lower quality then that, my budget for clothes is unfortunately small. 
Cheap vs Frugal. Better to buy a $150 pair of pants that'll last than $20 pants that you'll have to keep replacing. .Alternatively, you're advertising for beer, so in my opinion nice denim WOULD look fine if you had a good pair of leather shoes to class it up. If you've never had a pair of quality (probably raw) jeans, trust me in that they can go a long way in looking sharp. And they will definitely last you years of walking and labor. .For undershirts, uniqlo airism is worth a try. 
Yea I've heard great things about the airism undershirts. Being in nyc I'll let probably stop in and grab a couple. As for the pants I'm definitely realizing I'm going to have to spend a good amount to get some nice ones. I may try getting some nice dark jeans as well but for now I'll probably try something like those chinos mentioned earlier 
Epaulet Rivet Chinos are fashion pants, not durable work pants. Something like Dickies would probably be a better value.
since you're doing blue shirt on navy suit for the 1st outfit, go with a contrasting color like gold grenadine. For the 2nd white shirt on navy, red paisley or stripes would work..unfortunately, you only provided 1 pic with your jacket properly buttoned so it's hard to say but i'll guess and say that the shoulders look overly broad on you. It could be the cut of the jacket too, since it's got tons of waist suppression going on. In any event your sleeves need to be hemmed and the seat of your trousers taken in..Dark brown dress shoes are fine, but if you opt for the cufflinks when you wear the waistcoat, pair them with black oxfords for a more formal look.

The light beard looks pretty good, as well as clean shaven. Are there any hairstyles you are thinking about in particular?
Thanks! I'm not sure to be honest. I know that certain cuts match certain face types/body types, but I have no idea how to determine... hence my coming here. I'm hoping somebody can help me out with it.
Hairstyles are as much preference as clothing is. There is no one hairstyle that matches someones face perfectly. You need to find something that suits your style and see how it can adapt to you. 
Oh! Thanks :P
Can we PLEASE stop linking this every time. Your likely never going to get a response there.
Yup, I noticed. It's kinda crap.
What you should do is wash them yourselft, then take them to the dry cleaners and say "iron only". I can get 3 shirts done by that evening for $3.xx
I started wearing a lot of button downs recently and invested in a clothing steamer .It's not a referral link or anything so don't worry about that...it's been a life saver for my shirts and I tend to get a few wears out of my shirts before I wash them. Great on pants/jeans to, to give them a nice "refresh".  I suck at ironing plus I'm scared ill burn the house down by accident so this has been a nice quick go to way to get wrinkles out of shirts. Just make sure you use distilled water! It's not answering your question but I figured I'd shoot ya an alternative!
I ask for no starch on hangers and they do the regular press, not hand iron and I don't see shirts wearing out too quickly.  Brooks Brothers shirts hold up especially well, but I've also had good luck with Nautica brand from Marshall's and TJMaxx.
Get your shirts laundered, and not dry cleaned. The dry cleaning will reduce the life of the shirt.
depends on the shirt i guess and how much you value it. I am a server at an Italian place and they require us to dry clean our shirts. I normally ask for heavy starch. the more starch on the shirt normally it will stay less wrinkled throughout the day. so i use heavy starch on work shirts and i also get some of my nice non-work dress shirts drycleaned but i ask them to use light starch. it all depends on what you want to do. .if your whole problem is that you are bad at ironing then here are some tips if you don't want to have to pay for dry cleaning. machine wash your dress clothes on a "delicate" washer setting, hang dry or use a "delicate" dryer setting. if the clothes say dry clean only, then obviously don't wash or dry then, have them dry cleaned, you can actually buy spray starch for home use. sprays kinda like hair spray, get yoruself a full sized ironing board, a decent iron, and some spray starch. iron you shirts inside out, spray with starch, and iron. works rather well..ironing inside out will make it to where if the iron accidentally burns or stains yoru shirt its on the inside and no one can really see it. also i iron inside out bc sometimes you shag a button if you iron the other way and the buttons will rip off. just some pointers. 
At most cleaners in the United States, it is more expensive to do iron-only rather than clean+iron. The reason is because clean+iron is done by automated machine all in one shot but if you only iron,  it needs to be done by hand. In other localities with lower labor costs (where they iron everything by hand because labor is cheap, and machines are expensive), it will actually be cheaper to iron-only.
In the meantime, I don't think paying much extra for hand ironing is worth it.  I never do.  
Thank you.
Since you don't seem to be carefully examining the tags of your shirts, I'll tell you that most button downs are 100% cotton and if not they have some polyester or spandex in them. It will say on the tag so check to be sure. Cotton and cotton polyester blends can be laundered/washed. The 3% spandex ones usually need to be dry cleaned. The shirt will say dry clean only if that's the case. .So here's what you do: bring in the shirts, ask to have them laundered. They'll ask if you want starch, starch makes the shirt stiff and stops it from getting wrinkled throughout the day, but it won't breathe nearly as well. Many people think starch is also harder on the shirt. I always go no starch as I could care less about the wrinkles after 16 hours at the office; my shirt is usually untucked and half unbuttoned by then anyway. If you get the shirt laundered, they will automaticlly machine press the shirt. Some people say this is harder on the shirt and looks worse then hand pressing. I tend to agree but a machine press is free while a hand press is $5 ballpark so I can buy a new shirt every 20 washes at that price. .Alternatively you can have pure cotton or cotton blends dry cleaned. This is more expensive, $4.50 ballpark vs $1.75 ballpark for laundered. The chemicals are hard on the shirt and you will notice it starts to develop holes and the fabric feels weaker after several dry cleanings. I strongly recommend against dry cleaning anything unless it specifically says on the tag "dry clean only.".My recommendation? Start with laundered no starch (or starch on just the collar if you want it to look crisper) with a machine press and see how you like it. It won't be 100% perfect but at under $2 it's a huge time saver and very much worth it IMO.
I used to think that I was terrible at ironing.  Then I bought a much nicer iron (Reliable) and am no longer tempted to take my shirts to the cleaners.  The money I've saved has paid for the iron.
1:unless you have $500 brioni shirts I dont think its worth getting them hand pressed..2: with shirts they normally wash and DONT dry clean..take this. 
This deserves to be quoted again because many people don't realize this.  I do ask for no starch, though, because I've found it shrinks some of my dress shirts at the collar/cuffs..If you're that concerned about hand-pressing, you're better off doing it yourself.
Except that a hand-pressed shirt looks & feels much better than machine-pressed, really regardless of the price of the shirt. 
its subjective. most people cant tell the difference between handpress or machine press. .Feel is subjective. both feel fine to me. maybe your cleaners suck? maybe your hand press is really good? I dont know..its one thing if you are pressing yourself, its another if you are dropping $5 a shirt. if you self press please do continue! however I would rather not have a $200 dry leaning bill monthly 
Now time to clean that carpet.
Does Sebago do resoling for their boat shoes?
Gorgeous shoes!
Shoe trees and wear them!! Hopefully the leather will mold to your feet
Those shoes have a lot of character and $45 for the story and memories alone are well worth that investment. I'm surprised to see most of their shoes are ~$300 I'm a huge fan of boat/moc style shoes so these might be a splurge around xmas time.
They have a rich color. Now, they just need some proper wear and tear. 
most dope. they look way better than a new pair would
Could you remove the insoles to gain a bit more room? I doubt 30 year old leather has much more stretching ability..They look great, they'll look even better after they been worn a couple times and the soles aren't so white. 
The insoles are glued in. Honestly just the few hours that I have worn them they have gotten much more comfortable.
Good to hear.
My soles were glued in, and the first time I wore them barefoot, my feet got so sweet that when I took them out the sole got stuck to my foot and came out with it.
 a pair of my Quoddy Boat Mocs that have been warn almost daily for the past year. They're already in need of some conditioning.
These are so awesome, I hope you can wear them as well.
If you cant wear them I'm sure someone here would take them off your hands. And you would have the comfort in knowing they went to good hands.
They were bent before because of lack of shoe trees. Get some and apply them just after you wear them. The shoe will last a lot more.
Should you use tree soles in canoe shoes/camp mocs?
I have then but I've stopped using the trees. Its true they do help but they also reshape the shoe and I really got mine to break them in and make them look worn and beat.. so I guess they work too well?
In my opinion no. But people do what they will.
do shoes bend if you dont wear them and leave them as is?
Sure, why not? You can use shoe tree in any shoes/boots imo. 
I've heard trees stretch out moc shoes
Shoe trees come in different sizes. If properly sized, it should not stretch out the shoe in any meaningful way. 
...?  "Shaping the shoe" is what shoe trees do.  I'm confused what other purpose you thought they served.  Even the use of cedar to reduce moisture is really just aiming at the end result of helping the shoe keep it's shape.
Ya I got them to keep the leather healthy, I wasn't really thinking. They work I just don't use them anymore because I want to beat the fuck out of my ranger mocs 
Eh, it's more like . any shaping of the shoe, i.e. retaining the original shape, but I get what you're trying to say.
Very cool! Did Quoddy recondition them for free?
Keep some shoe trees in them to extend their life..Enjoy!
I want to know this as well.  I think they charge for it although I'm not sure.  I'm in need of a resole for my Blucher Mocs that I wore to the ground after only 3 and a half years (wore them everywhere).
They did not. With shipping it cost $45. For shoes that have lasted this long, I feel like it was worth it completely.
Yeah, for $45 I'd have done it just for sentimental value..For $75-100, I'd have probably just made that a down payment on a new pair.  They did what they could, but those shoes are still pretty beat up, man.
I agree completely. The sentimental value that they hold however are well worth the $45.
Nobody else is saying it, so I have to: these look absolutely horrible. The leather is stained and scratched, looks completely dried out, and has no shape at all. With the new soles they look even worse because the leather is distressed but the sole is new, so it just looks weird and unnatural. They look like an old, gross, ratty pair of shoes, which should have been thrown out decades ago..I have gotten dress shoes (such as Alden and Allen Edmonds) recrafted, and when they come back they look practically new. Also work boots look great when they're super-distressed and have had work done in them, because it shows they've been through a lot yet are still ticking. I'd have to say boat shoes can look OK when they're new, but they look bad distressed. I thought most guys pretty much wore boat shoes for one season and threw them out. They're not like dress shoes or work boots which can last quite a long time if well cared for.
to me worn in boat shoes feel SO much better than brand new ones. Also Pristine boat shoes kind of look too clean especially if you are dressing casual. If you are dressing up in the summer and want to look pristine Id stay away from boat shoes and lean towards (penny) loafers or bucks.
personally i really enjoy a pair of beat up top siders but i agree about the sole.  maybe if they even used a different color it would look better but the oldness of the shoes with the nice soles is way abrasive.  go get em dirty and I think it will be less clashing.  I do enjoy the look of the leather but the punch of the sole is a bit much.
The thing about the sole is after two weeks it'll look dingy just like the rest of the shoes do. It's a very temporary problem.
Unfortunately it still won't go. I have a pair of sperryXjcrew with the white sole. A year + of wearing and it's still pretty white. Not shiny but white. I just don't think the white goes with this. Once they get dirty it will gloss off but it would have benefited from starting with another color for leather that dark. 
They won't be turning any heads.
This quote right here is an excellent demonstration of your ignorance.
These are hard-worn boat shoes, not dress shoes. There was no way they were going to actually get them completely clean. I think that beat up look gives them character, and every stain and imperfection adds up to tell a story. It's even cooler than they were passed from father to son and now his son can add his own personal marks.
I do not know much about leather and how long it lasts, but I am excited to think that I can one day hand these down to my son just as you have described.
American apparel.
Buy a regular hoodie and cut the sleeves off. 
asos probably but quality will be subpar
[deleted]
Asos is a fast fashion store that sacrifices a bit of quality for lower prices. Don't be a prick, bruh bruh. 
top lel are you actually going to harrass me
that's called a cable-knit sweater. pretty much everywhere..do you have a price range?
despite people touting how common they are true cable knits of decent quality that aren't outrageously overpriced(ala jcrew) are rather difficult to come by. .That being said beams + makes some great cable knits in that color for about 130$  caution though make sure to size up as they're meant for the Japanese market. Also they're linen blend so perfect for the summer and super comfy too
For one sweater, I am willing to pay around 50 dollars. I don't want to go much higher then that though.
okay cool, here's a couple options. if you search for navy cable-knit sweater you can probably find a couple more though it might be harder because it's off-season now.
Cable-knit sweaters have been around for a while now.
My suggestion would be thrift stores (I see them all the time) for some cheaper ones.
Picked up a J.Crew one last November for about $7.
thats a cable knit sweater. you can find them at pretty much any major retailer. there's a few options in the . on the sidebar
I would advise not getting either of them. Faux-leather doesn't hold up well and you're better off opting for something else, or saving the money for a real leather jacket.
Can you give any recommendations that match this style?
Upvote for Hudson's Bay!  I find that Danier sells great leather jackets.  I'd recommend a thick cowhide that lasts a couple of years, I was lucky enough to find one on sale a few years ago for $200.  
I would save at least 200$ and good good, real leather. A real leather jacket will last you years and look awesome. Faux leather ages terribly, it cracks and peels.
Faux-leather is not actually leather. It literally means fake leather.
veilance. warning $$$
On my cellphone so I cant properly link anything..In current tech-focused apparel there will generally be two pricepoints. .The cheapest level will generally feature garments treated whith only a DWR coating. They are ok for light showers but once they soak through they take forever to dry. The coating itself also deteriorates over time but can be prolonged by ironing the fabric everytime it is washed. 
For the purposes that you describes this would probably be enough for you. .Nau, proof ny, and portland dry (all american companies sorry!) Make ok priced blazers. H&M was also coming out with a collaboration with some cycling company but I havent heard word from them in a while. .The next level will generally feature some soet of membrane (usually goretex) with a dwr coating. These are generally waterproof, windproof and will sometimes feaure taped seams..A couple notweworthy brands would be rapha and veilance. .For more info and brand selection there was an incredible 4 part guide which had a businss casual section. Just search up techwear guide on reddit or google dresseddown.
check out sperrys authentic originals, they dont go with jeans as well as shorts but they are a very versatile casual shoe
They would match my shorts best. They were on my radar, but would like something that works with jeans as well. I'll take a look. Thanks!
Go for suede loafers in navy. It's dressy enough for work, plus it looks boss with shorts & chinos, especially when paired with bdc shirts. The only drawback is that it's too dressy for tees. If you wear lots of tees, deck shoes like Top-Siders are the way to go without going full sneaker.
Thanks! I think that's solid feedback. Getting me in the right direction.
[deleted]
Taking really cold showers i feel help a little
Wearing an undershirt can really help by both keeping you cooler and hiding sweat if it happens. I really like the airism by Uniqlo. It's pretty tight so you may want to size up. 
Yeah I've done that, it does help a bit! Supposedly it closes the pores or makes them smaller or something
Yeah I'm losing weight at different speeds on my body. My stomach is 2x size, my chest is 1x. I exercise quite a bit and have some bulk to me but dat belly isn't going away yet. I've never really worn an undershirt, I always figured it would just make me hotter.
oh that sucks! well, I've still got another 80lbs to lose, hopefully that'll help a bit.
That really sucks, I'm sort of the same way. .I use . for my pits and have success with that.
Thanks, but all my sweat is on the head and forehead specifically. I'm glad my pits don't sweat at all, not even with intense exercise, it all comes from my head!.It's the kinda sweat were a sweat band will be dripping in my eyes after 10 minutes ):
Hm, do you have a routine for washing your face? Some facial cleansers are made for people with particularly oily skin, so they help dry it out. But if it's sweat that may be something different. 
I have insanely oily skin. Even a few hours after a shower my face is glistening with oil, like rubbing my face with a paper towel will leave the towel noticeably oily
Check out . , they will probably recommend . for oily skin.
Awesome, thanks! Never heard of CeraVe, but that's what I love about reddit. No matter what subreddit you're at you'll get pointed in the right direction by people in the know :D
 is quite a bit more expensive than Unbranded but you can order a 30" inseam from him.
same height and approximately same inseam and APC's look fine / great on me after a hem.  
Hmmm, that's pretty great. No problems on the seat?
Hem them. If you're really worried about the prior sanforization not getting all the shrink out, soak them in hot water for an hour (don't wear them). Hang them up to dry. They might shrink 5% in length, max..Any raw denim you see with a hem . than 34 inches is probably garbage. They make them in long inseams so that they can be hemmed to your specs (think expensive trousers), and so that you can control the degree of stacking/cuffing. .I hear you on the pockets thing, normally I would recommend the 201 above all else as a starter pair but I get what you're saying. Pockets on N&F weird guys will be about the same. Honestly though if you tried on 201s and the seat fit well otherwise, that's still what I'd go with. You'd be surprised how hard it actually is to get a seat that fits just right.
None that I can think of.  They ended up splitting in the thighs but that's more of a body type issue than anything related to height.  I'd try and get em chain stitched too but that's also personal preference
This would be way easier with fit pics.  .The best advice I can give you is to take your favorite pair of jeans that fits you perfectly.  Measure the waist size (just measure side to side, then double it), the rise (the most important for your issue), the thigh, and the leg opening. Then head on over to . or . websites, and compare your numbers.  Select the jeans that are closest to your well-fitting pair, maybe sizing down one inch the waist (for stretch).   .Another thing you could try is to find a Nordstroms.  I have a sneaking suspicion that Naked & Famous Weird guy cut might be good for you.   .In any case, just get your jeans hemmed, leaving room for an inch of shrinkage (assuming sanforized) and cuffing/stacking.  I've hemmed both pairs of raws I have. 
Gap 1969 raw selvage denim comes in multiple lengths. I'm 5' 5" and the 30 inch size inseam is enough for me to cuff once.
I think another big problem here with hemming is that a lot of raw denim is tapered and when you hem a significant amount of length off you take the taper off as well. 
I tried that, but I found it too baggy for my tastes.
If you order from Blueowl, you get chainstitching services free. This means that the jeans will be hemmed for you and will still have the original chainstitch line. 
Nudies.
A reasonably talented tailor can solve all issues you have with selvedge. Just select the pair that best fits you/you most like and take them to tailor and explain how you want them to fit. Maybe bring pictures of the jeans on a model too. Have them hemmed and tapered as necessary.
Naked and famous super skinny guys have a shorter than normal in seam. You could also get a non tapered legged denim like the skinny guys and have them hemmed since almost all of them are sanforized, they will only shrink a little. 
What is the problem exactly? Are you referring to the rise? If not get them hemmed, this is easy.
Go to a tailor and get them hemmed. Just do it, it's fine. 
You can hem them right away. Just leave a little extra to account for any shrinking and settling. That's what I did with mine.
How was the tailoring when it came to Selvage Denim?
Hemming isn't a big deal, any decent tailor can do it as long as you don't mind . Tapering is more complicated, I don't really have a tailor I trust not to mess it up so I'd send it to a specialist like Railcar, etc.
Yeah, I was more concerned about the tapering... losing some of it.
Yes, but I'm more concerned about how far down the back pockets sit. On a taller guy, it matches right up to your ass, but if you're a bit wee they come down your legs.
I think you're sagging too much. I'm 5'9-10 and my inseam is 30", my brother is 5'11 and his inseam is 31". He's got fairly long legs too. So unless you have a tiny torso, you're wearing your jeans way too low. I think your inseam might actually be closer to 27" than 30"..You may want to post pictures to show what's going on, as everybody's body is different.
Look at different brands. You're bound to find one with smaller pockets.
I'm 5'6 and I wear unbranded 201s... It seems that you might be sagging a lot, as I do not have any problems with the pockets - they sit perfectly over my ass. 
I just got them hemmed like any other normal pair of pants. If you want to go the chain stitching route it will cost more and you need to find a place that has the equipment to do it.
I bought a pair of camo shorts and now I want to buy everything in camo.
A bit late to the party. A few days ago I made a thread regarding how I accidentally bought a 100% cotton t-shirt one size too big and everyone told me to exchange it for a small. I washed/dried it and now it shrunk and fits perfectly! The last time I bought a small and w/d it , it turned out a bit more snug than I would've liked. Just thought I should share this in case someone buys from a "fast fashion" place at the mall.
Where is MFA uniform 3 come from? It's a solid basic look that I'm sure a ton of us (myself included) have worn by chance for a while. But why now? It seems like much more of a spring or even fall outfit. For me olive pants is the opposite of summer. That being said, it does look good.
Oh yeah, I got dumped by two different women in the past week. The fact that there were two of them should indicate that I wasn't into anything serious with either (we were clear that we weren't being exclusive), but the timing is kinda a bummer. One of them was kinda expected, although I'm not sure the real reason she broke it off. (I think maybe she had someone else out there who she was more serious with than she let on. Or maybe she wanted more and I just really didn't, with her anyway.) The other one, though, I always saw more potential with and had been trying to make more time with, but kept getting turned down, so I'd kinda already written her off. But then I bumped into her one night and she was incredibly rude to me, making me think that she took offense at something but I can't for the life of me think what it might be. Very frustrating and seems immature. But weird because I never got that sort of vibe off her before. For some reason I think her one friend who has always seemed to hate me might have had something to do with it. But confused and a bit hurt and angry by the whole thing. (That was more detail than I meant to go into. Heh.) 
Girl that rejected me before asked me to go to a restaurant I mention to her after the rejection. I said yes but later canceled because under the joy of her asking me I forgot i made plans with a group of friends. Yesterday her a friend and I went to NY yesterday, and neither of us brought it up. Does she feel bad for me and thats why she asked me to the restaurant? Or she changed her mind? I plan on asking her if shes still up for it. Also the only reason I cancelled on her was because I thought 2 other mutual friends were going to come, but she said it was just going to be us. I didn't want to ditch a group of friends to hang out with another. What should I do? I really like being close to her. .Sorry I don't want to include a lot of details so this doesn't turn into a . or something. 
Hey guys, just a reminder that this Saturday, July 13th we'll be having a Chicago meetup. Plan is to meet up at the .. Still figuring out where to go from there, if you've got any opinions on where to go feel free to leave a comment or shoot me a PM. You can also PM me for my cell number. .I'll put this post up on Friday as well, hopefully with more defined plans.
Seriously, it would be awesome to do a TC, MN meetup as I have a boatload of users tagged from minnesota but no one ever expresses interest? We have got to do one. come on , any takers?
Should I join a fraternity at college this semester? .How many of you were in your school's Greek system?
I was in one and it was a blast. I did it with some friends and met a lot of other great people I would have never known through it. I was at a small college and about half the campus was involved in Greek life so all the parties were on campus. Being part of the system made it a lot easier to get into parties. .Go to rush events, get drunk, have a good time and meet a bunch of different people. After the week or 2 of rushing, decide whether or not you want to invest the time in it to pledge (assuming you get bids).
I'm in Greek life at my college and I love it. It wasn't something I even considered going into it, but I decided to give it a shot on a whim and never looked back. It's not for everyone by any means, but its also not just for stereotypical "rich-daddy-douchebags" either.
Are you already involved with other groups at school? If you've already found other activities/clubs to fill your spare time I probably wouldn't bother..Greek life was pretty big at my college and there are times when I regret not participating. If you do decide to join a fraternity you will probably make at least a few friends for life.
I wouldn't unless you're prepared to move into the house.

Depends on the school. I wasn't Greek at mine, but it wasn't a big thing and I feel like I had a better time outside of it than I would have being Greek. 
Hi, I had to delete my other account that I'd been using (.) but had some people PMing me about buying some stuff, negotiations etc. If you were messaging a dude about buying Wolvering Claptons or a Levi chore coat, please message me to continue talking about it, thanks!
When I see Wolvering Claptons, it just makes me think of guitar players with claws.
welcome back!

Going to be a groomsman for two weddings this summer.  Went to get measured for the tux and asked what the tux looked like.  This is the ..  This is the ..  I don't know what to say.  I know it's not my wedding, but I think it looks pretty bad..Finally getting back into tennis again after a year and a half hiatus.  Thinking about joining some tournaments just to get the rust out.  Any other tennis players here?.The transcript to Kobe's arraignment is gold.

Love tennis.

Love tennis, played for a long time but havent for the past couple years as I have no one to play with. Still use my Wilson olderish pro staff six.one racquet.  

Getting ready to roll to Atlantic City in a few days for a few nights of drunk gambling and other tomfoolery. Can't wait. 
Outside of the Borgata Atlantic City is disgusting. Whether that's good or bad is up to you. Enjoy.

Are there any other recent college graduates around here? How are you guys doing with the transition to real life? 
just graduated, and things are coming along okay, so far, but I'm about to move to CA and start paying bills with a real job for the first time so we'll see!
how's yours going?

It's been interesting to say the least. I graduated in December, went to Europe for 6 weeks, came back, moved to a city I'm not stoked on and then had a 3 year relationship end a week after. It's been getting better though, and I'm working on leaving this state soon. 

Hey guys how's it going? been a while since I've posted in GD..Saw some . at Electric Forest last weekend-- which, btw was the most unbelievable festival I've ever been to. Big Grizmatik and Pretty Lights killed it. Were any of you guys there?.Hitting up Chicago this weekend. Any recs for good bars, restaurants, and shops to check out? (but mostly bars)

Summer needs to end so I can start filling out my fall wish list.
m8 im so with you right now, im just starting on my fall shopping when i get my paycheck (hopefully) tomorrow

if any of you want to listen to some of my production i would really appreciate it.

I like both the tracks, onomatopoeia was probably the best out of the two. If you could get some sort of rap accompaniment it could really work.
I've been people watching around Boulder Colorado a lot lately, mostly while chilling out and drinking on patios, and paying attention to what people are wearing. I've been paying more attention to the women's fashion because the men's fashion is, by and large, really fucking terrible in Boulder, land of cargo shorts and badly fitting t-shirts..So, observations:

Anyone go to BC, UW Madison, UT, or Michigan? If so how'd you like it?
I go to school near U of M, and I gotta say, Ann Arbor is a phenomenal city.
which UT?
Austin
Just graduated from there!.I loved it. Heat aside, Austin is incredible and I plan on living here after graduation. People complain about schools being too big, but to me that just means there are more opportunities to find things you enjoy. Let me know if you have any specific questions. 
UW here, I love it.  One of my favorite towns in the world.  .Anything specific you want to know?
I go to BU, but my friends who go to BC love it. .I have to hate you if you go there though. 

My cousin went to UW Madison and he loved it. His younger sister goes there now so I guess she likes it too..It's cold as fuck in the winter though. Lots of lake effect snow.
UW-Madison alum here. Great city (on an isthmus between two lakes), campus is right downtown. Very university-centric city and a lot of young people/families. Your-age college students and fun things to do everywhere. Many, many beautiful women. The school itself is hard but if you put in work you have a lot of opportunities. .They sell beer at the student union, which is a super cool place ..
I've been spending a lot of time away from internet fashion .probably because I have barely worn clothes except when forced to for the past month
 sucks cause there's no good way to sort listings by content or size

Yep that's the major problem with it. You can always search if you're buying something specific though.
I've had a blast making belts for members of the FMF and MFA community. One of the . is hopefully a good match for Cordovan No. 8. I have a handful more blanks available in this batch and am trying to decide if I should by more leather to slice up to keep the community belted..I'm about to take the family on a road trip and am jamming on getting wallet orders done. I've got a big stack of . to sew up tomorrow so I can give them to family we visit along the way. Hopefully I'll have the design/process down well enough to start selling them soon. 

You should make some card sleeves! Just enough to cary some bills and cards.

Looks nice, good work.  Where do you get your belt hardware?  The selection at my local shops is wide, but all poor quality.  It pains me to spend time on a nice bag or belt and then throw a cheap buckle on it when a few bucks more could get something worthwhile.

We have a customer that requires all repair and modification documents for their aircraft be developed in .. I'd rather jump off one of the planes then do this for more than a few days at a time.

I work as a Server Admin for a rather large company. All of our back end servers are Unix and we only use the default vi text editor which looks something like ...Not super clean looking but functionality is actually really good. You get used to it.

I just got back from orientation at college and it was the most fun I've had in a long time. Everyone talked and mingled. They were all so nice. I hope the rest of the school year is just as fun. The absolute best moment though was when we played a giant game of rock, paper, scissors.  There were over 100 people there. We were split into two groups. Inside your group you turned to someone and played them. If you won, your opponent who lost would have to get behind you and enthusiastically cheer you on until you lose. I'm talking jumping up and down cheering at the top of their lungs. I won my first play, then moved on to the second person and also won as well as my third and fourth. I was getting really lucky. At that point I had at least 15 people, all of them screaming wildly, behind me. There was so much energy it was crazy. I shuffled around the crowd to find someone else still in the game. The 15 people following me and still cheering. I ran into someone with about 15 as well. We both stood about 4 feet in front of each other the crowd of 30 surrounding us. We played and I once again won by complete luck. Everyone went crazy. It felt like I had just won some sort of rap battle or something I swear. I even leaned back and let the crowd catch me. I was getting high fives and back slaps like crazy. That must be what it feels to play in the super bowl. I felt on top of the world. Unfortunately I then lost on the next rock, paper, scissors game. It didn't matter though. I and everyone behind me just instantly started cheering for the person who beat me. Everything was so positive and crazy. Best game of rock, paper, scissors I have ever played. I can't wait for college.
Yayy have fun. Orientation friends don't always last, so keep making friends! 

Where is a good store to buy shoes or a good website to buy shoes? I'm a runner, who usually just wears old running shoes around. I need some fashionable shoes that go with anything. 
honestly most shoe stores are gonna suck beyond the basics like chucks and converses. maybe check out a new balance store if that's your thing? are nike stores a thing?.online = zappos.

I'm thinking of using Nike id to get some janoskis. I'm looking for shoes I can wear with jeans or chinos and not be too flashy. I already have a pair of killshots to fill the void of white shoes. I was thinking of getting them in the red leather because it looks dark. I also tried it with a black middle side panel and white swoosh. Do you guys think they would be harder to wear if part of them were black?
I'm going to Portugal next week. I'll be in lisbon, cascais, Porto, and also Santiago de compolesta in Spain. Does anyone have any good recommendations for clothing stores specifically, but also restaurants, attractions, etc?
Anyone watch watamote the other day? 
[deleted]
Listen to the music but don't dress the part. That's what I do, I'm a big fan of BTBAM, Insomnium, Periphery, Our Last Night, Animals As Leaders, Protest The Hero and more. I'm currently wearing white shorts and a blue button down shirt.
I'm going to Nice/Paris with the girlfriend in a month and I need some new shoes.  I've been thinking about some loafers but have never really had any before.  Anyone have some suggestions for shoes for a little france vacation?

 or .?
I like Vans a bit better.
good color, cream is the best
vans in this case
The age-old question.
Target was having an insane sale. I got two OCBD's and The Departed on Bluray for 40 bucks.
Oh fuck looks like I might walk down to target tonight. 
My friend wants me to play in his instrumental band on bass. I haven't played bass in forever (been mostly acoustic guitar), but he's convinced I will be fine because I've been playing tuba for nine years. I'm not sure if I can fit it into my schedule while working for the yearbook, taking classes and playing in our college marching band..Anyone play in a band before? How is it?
My ribs hurt from holding in the laughs as I read this on the toilet at work...

Anyone have the NB . I've been eyeing them for a while, I just haven't decided what I'd wear them with.
I made a thread a few days ago about new shoes, I was deciding between Jordans and Roshes.  I ended up going with Roshes to add some variety to my wardrobe, but I wanted a sort of subtle colorway.  I went up going with these and I'm not sure if I like them. Help!.I'm worried they are too black and will seem like im wearing . or .What do I do? Keep them or exchange for a new color?
What sneakers to get. I was thinking ether Roshes or Nike frees. any other suggestions?
post fits so we can see what you dress like already
I really like Jack Purcell's, but I'm trying to mentally fight the fact that the rubber tip doesn't appeal to me..halp


what's the best taqueria in SF?

La Taqueria on 25th and Mission.

I've decided to stop buying clothes online after another pair of shoes came in and needed to be resized. The only problem with that is that there aren't too many stores in my area that sell stuff I want. 
Google going down this morning was funny - the twitter freakouts were great.
i almost plugged in my '99 imac and used sherlock
What are the most versatile colors for sneakers? I have white and black; my next purchases will be navy and grey. Is this ok? (I consider brown covered by cdb)
Grey for sure. Maroon is probably more versatile than navy since it can be worn with denim more easily.

i have like five pairs of white sneakers (maybe more?) because that is the best color for sneakers.
I really wish the thrifting thread was a little more successful. There's some really cool stuff in there. 
It's as successful as it needs to be.

I really need to go on a cop freeze (I still owe the security deposit AND first month's rent on my house for next semester) but you fuckers keep posting great fits that give me ideas and all these sales are going on and UGHHHH.
stop going on the internet until you have your shit together, mister
I think I just need more fiber.
I'm getting ready to move into my new house in a few weeks. I think I have all the basics required but I am still worried i'll forget to buy/get something and my life will be over.
"Here lies chameleon_circuit, who forgot to buy shower curtains when he moved into his new house, then his life suddenly ended."

Are wingtip boots okay to wear casually? For example, with Jeans/Chinos and a T-shirt?
I feel like this runs into the argument that people have with strands casually. Some think it's ok with jeans, some don't. I personally would not wear them with just a t shirt but an OCBD would be fine, and probably chinos rather than jeans.

I wouldn't with a T-Shirt, but with a button down definitely. 
I agree with this. The t-shirt is too casual compared to the boots. Also boots say "it's cool/cold out" while t-shirts say "it's warm/hot out" so there's also that disparity in temperature ranges.
Yeah totes
I think I'm having some sort of weird existential fashion crisis. I finally filled out all of the holes in my wardrobe and reached a point of being content for a while, but now I suddenly feel really not content with anything. I'm tired of all my skinny jeans and chinos and button up shirts that I know look good. I guess they just don't really fit what I want as a personal aesthetic. My favorite pieces in my wardrobe are the loosest and most easy going pieces like my goofy high rise chinos that aren't tapered and an old linen shirt that is a little billowier than it should be..I've been inspired by looks from . and . the most lately, as well as pretty much everything Dana Lee has ever put out. For example, . is my favorite fit ever right now. How do I start branching out into this aesthetic a little bit more? Brand recs?
yaeca.mhl.trove.tender.beams
This is part of the process. In terms of branching out, just start wearing the stuff you want to more, slowly and it will become easier and easier. Trial and error is key. Try all your shoes with all your pants. Try all your shirts and cardigans and whatever with all said pants. Take a lot of pictures of your outfits, if you're comfortable post in OFFC, people will help out. A lot of people will tell you to slim your clothes down or whatever, but there are other people that will give you more constructive criticism..I'm with you on the specific aesthetics. Brands I'd check out:.Dana Lee.Engineered Garments.New Balance.Levis Vintage Clothing.Thrift store are a gold mine for this shit.Nike.Size up on Uniqlo.Folk.Norse Projects.Our Legacy

I used to play a ton of CoD and make montages and shit for youtube, never took it seriously, but it was fun, so I'm trying to get back into it. Unfortunately I'm absolutely horrible. So I might just stick to doing like commentaries and stuff which I've done since forever. Also, apparently everyone finds my ex super annoying now and keeps telling me I was lucky she dumped me when she did, so that's helping a ton with getting over her. Also, I really want sperry's.

you should switch to tf2 and make frag videos.frag videos are always great and pubs are always much better (in my experience) than any recent CoD, more servers, weapons, play styles, etc.

Magna Carta Holy Grail was disappointing
see: last 5 GDs
I would be down. 
What type of school do you go to? I go to a Greek dominated school (>50% participation) but I'm not involved, and I'm glad. My school's IFC members are a cancer IMO. But a lot of schools with lower participation have great greek systems, where they actually do the brotherhood type stuff, not the rape circle that my school has.


I'd go to that. 


If you have time and if the frats are worth going into. i'm a Big Ten school as well but since there are so many of us, a lot of the frats are shit. There are a lot of nice ones still but I would rush only if you don't have a large friend circle. Otherwise you'll make friends with some frat brothers and get in easily. 
[deleted]

Anyone got any experience with . Probably not, but worth asking.
I want to be more active in this sub, but I know that any pics I post will have comments that will be more about my weight than what I'm wearing. :(
Hey question in jdbee's pants guide it says that cuffing is already in the pant not just rolling up chinos but then why do people say they are "cuffing" or that should have one less "cuff" if it is just rolled up?
Woulda loved to come, too bad I'll be out of town this weekend.
Forgot to respond to your message but I'm tentatively free then.
Pulled the trigger on a new suit from Suitsupply. I can post pics after it arrives if anyone is interested. .Pretty excited. Haven't had a new suit in years. 
MN state fair is coming up, a meetup there would be cool
So I've started trying to make jewelry. I made . for my girlfriend's sister's seventh birthday. I know it's pretty basic but I'm happy with how it's coming along.
This works out perfectly for my schedule.
A few days back, someone posted a . that turned into a fairly popular thread. I realized reading it that I'd never really considered cologne much (I have some $12 stuff from Pac-Sun that lasts about 15 minutes; I'm new to this game, and my girlfriend liked it) so I decided that a scheduled mall trip with a friend would be a perfect opportunity to do some hands-on research. I thought you all might be interested to know that Sephora is the best place (or a really awesome place, at least) to go for such endeavors. They have a massive wall of men's fragrances, all of which you can test, and they'll give you as many . as you like so you can try them out and see how they really fare on your skin..Also, a follow-up question. I grabbed:.Anyone have any opinions on these?

Ok which one of you was at UMD's orientation yesterday?
I saw a pair of common projects in the wild, they look really good IRL too and not just Internet photos. 
my back fucking hurts so much lately it hurts to walk, sit and even lay down sometimes..its my lower back and i feel like i need to go to a doctor or something :/

Just got an iPhone a few weeks ago...anyone know any cool apps I should get?

What do you wear with dark purple chinos? I cant find anything on here about how to wear them.



I'd go with Vans

Saw The Black Keys live in concert last night. Couldn't really see the stage too well from the cheap seats (and by seats I mean the lawn)..Probably one of the few bands that sounds very similar live vs recorded just because they cultivate such a "low-fi" sound..I still wonder if I'm getting my money's worth when I see a live performance. I can't remember every being truly blown away by a concert. Maybe Steely Dan in October will change that.
Live shows are about my favorite thing in the world. Are you seeing these all in huge arenas? That could be why. The quality often drops off when the venue gets larger than like 1000 people. (Exception: Red Rocks, but that's still only like 10,000.)


I saw them at voodoo fest a couple years back, it was lightly raining and they played so hard, one of the best bands I have ever seen live.
Shows at small, up close and personal venues are where you will get blown away more often.  By the amps and the experience.  Nothing like paying 10-20 bucks and being close enough to the stage to fiddle with the guitarists pedal board(not that you would).  And then having a beer with them before or after the show..Shows will always be variable.  It depends on the mood and enthusiasm of the crowd . the band because they feed off each other.

Finally got my battlestation set up and since we were moving I took the opportunity to get a new desk and make it a standing desk.  The basement of our new townhouse is my man cave... .Got the desk at Ikea (so excited to have one near us), and a bunch of cinder blocks to go under it.  It's quite sturdy, in fact..Now it's time to drop a bunch of dough and upgrade my tower!. . 
Always wanted to have a standing desk for my computer and my work. How do you like it so far?
Standing desk battle station? This I gotta see...

Seeing your desk reminded me I need to do some cable management on my own..Also, it looks like we have the same case and cheap Logitech headset.


Ikea gets old . fast.

I unsubbed . and subbed . instead.
good move.tactically sound maneuver, if you will
hail satan

You haven't seen many shows. Live performances can be among the best thing in the world.
I personally prefer chucks
Ah, we meet again.
<3 converse master race


That mashup is p sweet
Really like the mashup. Thanks!
Holy fuck there is so much happening in that mashup
That kanye mashup is sweet. It totally changes the vibe of the song so it can't really be compared to the original, but I definitely like it.
Grin and bear it, and have fun. Weddings are fun.
Yeah...honestly, who cares how you're made to dress at a wedding if you're part of the wedding party? The only thing that matters is the bride and groom are happy and think everyone looks cool. It's like that r/pics redneck wedding, those guys looked like they were having fun.
Oh, I definitely will.  This will be my first church wedding.  I'm used to the Vietnamese go to each house and do a ceremony thing.
Portugal. The Man this weekend! 
Their songs are seriously catchy. How are they not more popular?
Beats me. I haven't heard a song I dislike
I think they're fairly popular -- at least, they get hype and airtime from the local "Modern/"alternative" rock" station. .I think it's difficult for a rock group, even one as catchy and poppy as Portugal The Man, to surpass a certain glass ceiling of mainstream popularity. Some quality or innovative groups like Vampire Weekend are close, but the groups that do find popularity (Mumford and Sons, Imagine Dragons, Fun) are IMO banal as all hell and so I hope Portugal the Man isn't too attracted by the prospect of popularity
I think it's just that they're so catchy on first listen but grow stale quick. I've liked their songs for a week or so and then never listened to their album again. Might have to do with lead's falsetto.
So lucky. Evil Friends was amazing and I'm extremely jealous.
At the Wiltern? Wanted to go, but sold out fairly quickly
No. Oakland. Hasn't even sold out

I love Yeezus.  The whole album feels like it's coming apart at the seams.

I remember reading this exact story about this Italian family before, but you just made this post 40 minutes ago. I guess you're pretty psyched about it. And the same thing happened to me with Yeezus. So many little things that I missed the first few times through, and the feel definitely isn't as abrasive as I first thought it was. 

What's your favorite song? After reading up on the whole album i think my favorite song is I'm In It..Also relevant . it takes the grundge of black skinhead and puts a hard rock punk twist on it. SOOOOO GOOD. 
If we're talking single, encapulated songs, then I gotta go the easy route and pick Black Skinhead..On Sight is the perfect intro to this album tho.  The way it's super aggressive then just cuts to old-school Kanye sampling arbitrarily..Then there's Bound 2.  Shit, that song is just... I don't know man.  It's like an anti-song.  Supremely confident.

Went to public court hearing this morning. On one hand, I feel bad for the guy that comes without a lawyer, on the other hand, it's very fun to see him getting destroyed by the judge, the lawyers and the prosecutor..That was followed by some tapas and sangria with a friend and some chilling in a park..Can't beat a parisian summer.
yo next time i come to paris can we chill
Paris is fucking awesome, especially in the summer when I'm not freezing my Californian ass off.
 was very confusing / kinda disappointing.  Dude, if you're still out there, we can help you, you just gotta chill out with some of your pieces.
 
Ey what store you in suqqa
I found an  one of mine from years and years ago when I was in boy scouts. Still fits. No branding. I'm excited. 
surprised you haven't gotten one yet


runner's diarrhea is just the worst goddamn thing

You learn very quickly to always take care of it before you run.

I did a marathon a few years back and had that happen at like mile 19 or something. Most hurried poop I ever took. I spent the last couple miles convinced that if I ran faster than a shamble, it would happen again plus vomit. It was not awesome.
do you mean you had diarrhea while running?  if so pls tell me you finished the race..also
Long distance runners sometimes have sudden onsets of diarrhea and no one exactly knows why.

Talked about beer for way too long and got a source for vc and my tab covered then I met some racists last night
whut
racists are the worst.beer is good tho
except heems, kool ad and dapwell

racists are the best
i want to hear about racists.tell us a story drunk uncle ramdom
You always leave us hanging.
College students on MFA: what are you guys taking?.Course selection starts in a couple weeks for me
Mineralogy, Environmental Sustainability, Chemistry, Japan in the Early Samurai Age
Finance..I guess you're talking about classes?  I'm taking most of my ground floor stuff this year and hopefully I'll be taking a Fair Trade class which means I get to go to India. 
I'm done with school but my job pays for further "personal enhancement," so I'm taking an ASL course. It's really fun, I highly recommend it.
Age sex location?


dude! so jealous of your fall. especially screen printing, damn.
Haha, thanks man! I'm really excited, it should be a good semester. I'm super pumped for screen printing too, I helped a few of my friends with it last semester and the class seems super baller.
Two of these are not like the others...
dude how'd you get into zen.


no frickin' idea yet. i should probably get on that.
I live in Montreal so it's a different system but I'll be taking IB Science this fall. I don't know if I'll have any option class to take but if I do, I'd like to take German/Japanese and/or something about econ/finance. I hope my sport class can be badminton.
Political science, philosophy, rhetoric, and statistics
biochem, animal physiological ecology, microbiology, physics, art history.
Mechanical Engineering major with a Mathematics minor..Engineering Analysis, Mechanical Behaviors, Fluid Mechanics, Dynamics of Machines, and Elements of Electrical Engineering.
Math, physics, English, economics, architecture.  Walking between math and arch every other morning is going to be a bitch.
Third year of computer engineering here. My first semester is something like.-linear algebra
-algorithms
-digital design lab
-systems software
-public speaking/argument (stupid communications electives)
Musicianship.Big Band (Jazz).Combo (Jazz) .Private lessons (Guitar).Astronomy.Writing Seminar
Tax 1, Tax 2, Policy 1, Policy 2, Accounting 5, Accounting 6, Accounting 7, Accounting capstone, Auditing, Auditing 2, IT Audit, IFRS Analysis, and probably 4 or 5 Finance courses (although I don't need the Finance courses)..It's going to be a fun year.
Electricity and Magnetism, Linear Algebra, General Biology, some pointless English class, Introduction to Computers(lol) and an intensive gym class :D
Freshman here..Calculus 2.Physics Electricity & magnetism.Foundations of Engineering 1.Political Science: State & Local Govt.History of Theater
Culinary School, so:
History, English, and Gender Studies. 
Damn seeing all these classes makes me realize I do NOT miss college. 

Stats, political economy, bogus required anthro class, French 4000. Kill meeee. 

Broadcast & Cinema Arts major at a private catholic school: .Spirituality & Ethics.Nutrition.Capstone Film Class.On-set Experience.Final Cut Certification
Prob and Stats for Engineers, Intro to GIS, Environmental engineering class and lab, Group Presentations, Engineering Project Management
i'm a rising sophomore mechanical engineering major

Statistics, Microelectronics, Computer Algorithms, Microprocessors, and Digital Design.I'm so excited, for real guys. Relevant classes woo!
Hey yours sounds like mine last semester!  I'm in Electrical Engineerng.  Those were some interesting classes 

Starting this in sept. I'm really worried I made a bad decision. My primary reason for choosing it is that it's a pretty perfect degree for whatever direction I want to go with my career. But I think I'm more interested in what the degree gives me than the material itself, which doesn't sound like a reason to be doing something for four years of my life.

Intro to Chinese Civ, American Gov, Philosophy, English, etc
I'm pre med and a psych major. .I just finished my mcat and set in my apps. I did well and should get in and all that, but I don't recommend it. It's super hard and the debt is insane. if there was something else I wanted to do, I would in a second. It's just my dream and I can't picture my life going any other way so this is what I gotta do. .Highly recommend psych though, not too hard and it's super interesting. 

Advanced microeconomics, sports media, marching band and infographic design. Still need to add a class or two..Journalism major, economics minor.
[deleted]
Woah your focus lines up pretty close with mine. I'm Political science major and global studies major with a chinese langauge (mandarin) minor..
Good luck man. 

I'm doing International Business and Chinese Enterprise at USC which seems pretty close to yours. Where are you attending?

Physics, Calc 2 & 3, Judo, Weightlifting, Psychology. I'm an engineer.

Digital Communications, Signals, Stats for Signal Processing, Engineering Economics, and Ethics of War..Guess which one is for fulfilling my gen eds. 
I'm in Macroecon and Primate Behavior now during sumer skool, then enrolled in Problems in Intl Relations, Writing 3000, Environmental Policy, Intercultural Communication, and Society and Food (so pumped for that last one) for the fall semester.
lol.  .quantum chemistry.
quantum chem lab.
inorganic chem lab.
advanced organic chem 2.
bioanalytical microfluidics   .and a freshman physics lab I never took.. I will have no life this semester.

Calculus, English Literature, Knowledge and Reality, and Group Communication
Linear algebra whattup.  I'm just a summer schooler though, then I graduate.
Digital Entrepreneurship, Web Development, Macroeconomics, Jobs in Marketing, Accounting, and Statistics.
Next year I have French, Modern British History, Intro to Earth Sciences, and Intro to the Short Story. Wanted to take another art history class but wasn't able too, ah well.
Poly sci, poly sci and more poly sci. And ancient Egyptian history, which is going to be awesome..I don't start until the last week of September/last week of October, though. 

Taking a two-quarter course called "Modernity and its Discontents," examining the condition of modernity, how we define it, analyzing its effects and characteristics, modernity's role in politics, art, philosophy, etc. Very excited.
I'm going into freshmen year taking:.Multivariable Calculus/Linear Algebra(It's a year long combined course)
Spanish Composition
Accelerated Portuguese
Intro to International Politics
Intro to American Government
Senior majoring in international relations:.Thesis on counterinsurgency, seminar on the Iraq War, seminar on revolutions. I am prepared to just not sleep for a semester at this point. 
College University Degree in Digital Film Production
Multi variable calc,  Physics (electronics and magnetism), Civil Engineering survey course, measurements, statics, design appreciation.  Second year civil engineering student at virgina tech
Going back for . degree soon. Will be taking physics, chemistry, and biology. I wish I had taken these way back when as I'll feel really out of place being so much older than other students.
Legal Reasoning, Classical Spanish Literature, Power (a social science course), and The Biology of Gender.
If you have a News Literacy course, take it..For me, taking Phonology, Programming III, History of Computers (bleh), Writing Systems of the World..IMO, take courses based on the professors, not necessarily on the subject.

Do you know what you want to major in? If you're a freshman, take a 100-level class of basically anything that tickles your fancy, you never know what you'll end up loving. And at the very least, you'll learn what you hate, which is probably even more valuable. 

Accounting, Advanced Microeconomics, Spanish (kill me), E-Design, possibly a small religion class about Judaism/Early Christianity with the Dean.
tl;dr: I go to Bible college.

Screenwriting in LA... here goes nothin

Statistics, Physics focused on electricity and magnetism, Statics, Psychology, Construction Engineering scheduling and estimating, and some 1 credit learning community class. .This is going to be an annoying semester.
Understanding Public Policy, Modern Political Theory, Public Health Genomics, French 201 (language requirement).Public health major here, senior year.
I imagined fields and waves to be a class where you go on picnics and surf
Going into 4th/5 years of Mechanical Engineering.Shit's hard.
I can't say my final (4th) year of Mech Engineering was really that hard. Most of my efforts were spent on my senior design project, which was not necessarily hard, just time consuming. If you took care of all the core requirements by junior year you should be left with menial requirements like  "take x lab courses" which pretty much means I was taking introductory physics and biology courses as a senior..Once you're past the Thermodynamics and Heat/Mass Transfer courses it's pretty smooth sailing in my experience.

Have fun playing with holes, shafts, rods and the like.
It's not a high traffic MFA post if someone's not being accused of being a corporate shill. 

Currently trying to enroll in that first class, finding it more exclusive than expected ;_;
a goat can help u achieve enrollment
I pray this doesn't mean what I think you mean. 

I've come to appreciate the simplicity of dressing in the summer. Really wasn't looking forward to it from a fashion/clothing standpoint but it's just so easy.
summer fits are my favorite fits.
Same here. I love my layering, but goddamn it's easy to throw on a tee, shorts, and kicks in the summer.
summer is so much fun. if the colors dont clash and it fits well you dont need to worry about much more
Props to . for helping me realize how much better I look cuffing my shorts, even if he doesn't realize it
i hate the limbo of being a license-less teenager in need of a job. without a car/license, i can't get to a job, but without a job, i can't afford a car/license. .on another note, buying pieces in the offseason is so disappointing when i have to wait at least 2-3 months to be able to wear them.
how long till you get your license? When I didnt have mine, I just had my mom drop me off at my fast food job (which I only worked on weekends)
i just put my permit form in the mail the other day, so i will probably get my road test scheduled within the next couple of weeks. a bit late, but better than never i guess.
buying things offseason in the San Francisco Bay Area is great because its seasons are confused. Every week is a different season. One night in July you'll be rocking your workwear + leather jacket, and the next you'll be lounging in chinos and sneaks. Similarly, you can find a nice warm day for those shorts you bought in the after Christmas sale, and later that night it gets so chilly you crack and wear that ugly sweater Aunt Myrtle gave you for Christmas last week, because you conveniently forgot it in your car after driving back from your parents'
ugh there was a bb parka that i really liked and it went on sale for 50% during the summer sale, so i bought it. and i won't be able to wear it comfortably for a few months haha.
Yes, bought a levis commuter jacket. Need some fall and sub 25C weather to wear it though.
Doesn't this heavily depend on where you live? I mean biking to work isn't a rare thing in a lot of areas even the suburbs. Plus exercise. 
true, but i live in a dinky little Maine town about 20 minutes by car from Portland (where all the job openings are)
Aren't you looking for any job though? At your age be a camp counselor, do some manual labor, or be a cashier. Gotta feel like there are places in your small town that would love to pay you minimum wage. 
Now imagine you're fresh out of college and looking for a job...."Entry level position, 5 years of experience required.".The ride never ends.
internships all through college, if you're not interning, then you're working on a summer/part time job.

That reminds me that I need to stop buying sweaters.
tagging my fits with the brands has made me realize how much uniqlo i actually wear :/
im the same with j crew and levis. litterally 70% of my fits. 

there's always at least 1 uniqlo item in my fits
it's a rare day when I'm not wearing 2/3s levis
Charles Tyrwhitt for me lately, but mostly because I loaded up on a bunch of summery dress shirts in their last couple of sales. 
once in a while I'll suddenly realize that my shirt, pants, socks and underwear are all from uniqlo.
For me its mossimo, I have like 10 tees
after ordering three more pieces of uniqlo I thought about how 9/20 or so tops I wear regularly are from there....I've been looking at GBV but at $150-200/shirt (that matches my measurements) is going to take a while..So I guess the journey is the real pay off.
Lands End all day erry day
For me it's Gap. I'm trying to get away from it, and it's slowly working.
same here. my only problem is that everything there in a medium fits me perfectly off the rack, so finding something else to replace that is tough
If it fits you perfectly, then don't stray too far from it. The reason I'm trying to get more brand variety is that Gap tops don't fit me that well and I'm trying to find something that does fit me reasonably well as well and is slightly better quality than Gap. If you are okay with the quality then by all means stay there. Why try to replace something's that fits you perfectly?
For me, its more that I am looking to move up to higher quality things, making investments in long term pieces and such, but the fit is so good that I end up just buying stuff there. Not too bad of a problem to have though. 

Nothing wrong with that, as long as you got cool shoes.
i go to d.so to tag my fits and feel less and less baller with each uniqlo item i tag
Pics
you got it ;)
A friend took . on the streets of Kigali. Sorry for the Instagram pic, but those Old Skools were too cool not to share.
I will always upvote Old Skools no matter where I see them.
incoming . banner
That is possibly the coolest thing I've seen on MFA. For some reason I just really dig it.
post in . WheWT, get mad karma
I now realize that 3rd world grandmothers dress better than me
That could easily be all one class.

So I was in j.crew last week when I spotted some great looking popovers. There was a nice indigo one that I figured I'd give a go. The problem was that for some reason the smalls where at the bottom of the pile. Having recently seen Now You See Me ( a very enjoyable movie) I realized this was my ticket to the becoming the magician I had always dreamed I would be since seeing that movie. I had to do it. For Isla, for Jesse, for Woody, defiently not for Dave because he ruins everything he touches. With sweat beading on my forehead and my heart racing, I knew the only way to do this would be to do a magician esque tablecloth manuvior. Only this time, the stakes where much higher. With one swift movement of the wrist, I yanked the shirt out from the bottom. Popovers. Popovers everywhere. Madras to the left. Oxford to the right. All once neat and orderly now a jumbled mess of chaos. I glanced over to see the overly trendy sales rep glaring at me with eyes like daggers, piercing my very being. "Don't worry about it man." But I knew. My career was over. I ended up buying a pair of chinos. 
Bet you felt obligated to buy something. Anything. Even though we all know you didn't have to.

This story made me realize how much I enjoy the word "popover." Is that a bad thing?

GD here might be my favorite part of all reddit. Especially after reading that low points of reddit thread on askreddit the other day
link?

Gross.
Fuck I really wish I hadn't seen that thread.

Completely agree. I like seeing updates on everyone's lives away from reddit. 
I got halfway turned down by a girl because she was too busy a few days ago. Got sad until she called me last night asking if my offer was still on the table, and we're having lunch tomorrow.
go get 'er :)

Hell yeah man.
[deleted]
That's fucked up man, I feel the same way when people don't care for my belongings as well as I do.
Are you going to get her to replace them? And was it an isolated incident, or has stuff like this happened before?.Personally if someone took a nice pair of my shoes and trashed them, they'd find their asses on Judge Judy or something.
[deleted]
Small claims might not be so bad, but if you'd rather let go, that's good.
Can you take a couple pics of the ioffer ones if they're geobaskets? I've been thinking about getting a pair.

Don't you love when someone gets mad about something, then turns around and proves it completely right?
[deleted]
You said she didn't repeat your property, so in response, she disrespected your property.
[deleted]
Oh. I guess that makes too much sense for me to think of.
Small Claims court?
So..why exactly did she feel the compelling need to take your sneakers to a club...? Vomit catcher?

This is almost as juicy as this guy on /fa/ who's roomates gf borrowed his acne leather jacket (thinking it belonged to her bf) and got a hole in it. Still don't know how that story resolved..That sucks that happened bro.
Wow, what a shitty thing to do. Without much else info I'd say good decision. On another note, you two wear the same shoe size?
[deleted]
Damn, was she aware how much those are worth before she took them out?
That's just basic consideration for other human beings. It's not up to me to pass judgement, but I hate it when people pull stuff like this. 
 It feels so nice. I don't think my hands have ever felt this soft or smelled this good. Took forever, it's like a 12 hour process.
Gotta start somewhere.  Soon enough, you'll have your own RV and everything!
Is it ICE SOAP?
Is it hand soap or body wash?? Got a test recipe I can use? This seems very interesting. 

Get some wallabies and your Walter white
I've made handmade hard soaps before but have never ventured into liquid soaps. I take it you like it?
I like it a lot. The main difference in the process is potassium hydroxide in place of sodium hydroxide

The oddest side effect is feeling like a smug dick when you're swatting down mall salesman pitches. Oh, you want to sell me on shave oil and shave soap? I make it all myself, and I'm here because I know exactly what I need. 
"I know more than you"
start selling some. I would probably buy some if its as good as you say
I definitely will be in the future. I need to do a few batches and perfect the recipe first though.

where do you get your subcutaneous fat from?
awww yiss dat sweet lather.foaming up ur hands, ur sweet chest, scrubbing the collarbone, working ur way down to the navel, further down, further down, down to the nether region, down to the netherlands.scrubb ur buttocks.then ur taint.then ur balls


Kind of. It's part of our expansion for my maid service. I'm doing some experimentation with cleaning products, hand soaps, etc...
you might have missed the joke I'm not sure.
Haha, I got it. I've been getting fight club jokes on facebook and instagram all day.
Breaking Bad: MFA Edition
Gap/Hanes/Target/Clarks
2nxtlvl4me
Tuck that shirt in mister, this is a meth lab not  high school
/Smith&Wesson
Nobody probably remembers, but a couple months ago I talked about a coffee (hot chocolate) date with a girl that went really well. Well, things are going even better to the point that it's almost surreal; I literally don't think I could have imagined someone that makes me as happy. I'm just pretty excited about it and wanted to brag to more people. .I hate humidity 
Where's the original post
I remember that comment. Congratulations man, that's awesome. Here's to many more great memories!
had to dig a bit

Congrats man! Glad to hear it
I remember it! I'm glad you're happy!
omg your heart is going to get broken . bad.this is hilarious
I appreciate you looking out for me

Congrats dude!
I remember, but only because I think hot chocolate >>> coffee, too. Congrats!
Got told today "you don't dress like a hipster anymore, you've gone like post-hipster"..The idea of "hipster" being a way to dress is really annoying.

Neauvo post modern metrosexual bohemian grunge hipster is what I go for. 
Just what happens I think, when someone has no perspective for understanding what they're looking at. It's like there are three categories: normal, dapper, and hipster, where unfitted clothes == normal, suiting up == dapper, and everything else is hipster.
Why does the "dapper" make me cringe so much? I guess it's the same with "classy". 
Yeah I have the same reaction. However, I don't think I'm too far off base using that word here, even unironically.

Agreed.  I hate it when people say "classy" but its not as bad as when I hear "snazzy"
"Dapper" makes me think of a guy wearing a bowling shirt and a fedora, standing in front of his mirror, saying to himself, "man I am going to look so dapper at the party tonight".
Honestly, the idea of "hipster" at all is annoying. It's almost always used as a way to dismiss something someone is uncomfortable with.."You like a very specific clothing style? This makes me uncomfortable. You are a hipster."."You don't drink low quality beer? My drinks are low quality? You're just a hipster."."You roll your own? Why can't all you hipsters just smoke Camel like the rest of us?"."You're an audiophile with a nice speaker set-up and headphones from an obscure brand? My Skullcandy's are cheaper, you filthy hipster."."You wear short shorts? Clearly you are gay hipster and think you too good to be straight like me.".The word "hipster" can be a useful way to satirize people being pretentious, but it so often becomes a way to dismiss those who are different. It encourages ignorance and discourages individuality.
so you're saying "hipster" is today's "yuppie" ?
No, I think it's the new fag.  

You deserve gold for that statement. I'm not going to give it to you, but you deserve it. 


That's really good. More or less what I always try to say about hipster. Did you write it?

Or as a way to put down someone who you're afraid might be cooler than you..Or as a way to accuse someone of being pretentious (which can function as a way to put someone down because you're afraid they might be cooler than you)
If I accuse someone of being pretentious, the last thing I'm worried about is if they're cooler than me. Being pretentious kinda throws that out the door.
That's the whole point

I've never actually heard someone say "hipster" completely seriously. I've always seen it facetiously thrown about. But then again, I live in the SF Bay Area and hang out in San Francisco all the time.
Yeah; makes me think of the ..
I kind of want to get back into MFA but I don't know what to post and I don't really feel like giving advice.

just post more fits
no veroz. You were one of my favorite CCs. 
have you looked at the sidebar? there's a guide for beginners../s
I totally called this like a year ago
Fun fact. It's been over a year since I "quit".
Making random comments and idling in IRC works just fine for me. I think of it as flavor commentary.
over 90 days since hooplah quit
What ever happened to disby?
 now
the fuck has lobstertainment gone? or is he on alt

And FFA has never been better!
this is getting so real
whyd hooplah quit
there was a mini argument thing in some thread and then she just kinda quit.check her comments, it's still in there --> 

take the "how clothes should fit" guide and make it into like, a 3d printer file or something
well light blue ocbd, olive chinos, and white sneaks are mfa uniform 3, so start with that
Have you considered caustic but not rule-breakingly critical comments on sub-par fits?

I hopped on there and just tried to tear his post apart bit by bit, as did nearly everyone on that thread
hey wait that sounds familiar...can you point me to some recent MFA threads that hit . again?


He appears to be wearing espadrilles with white socks.  

I'm a 10 in most shoes and 10 in Keds worked perfectly for me. 
Check out Vans and Converse. 
i wouldnt advise getting shoes from zara, they're fast fashion at its worst. if you want some simple shoes in that sort of vein, check out vans, seavees, or tretorn nylites or just look at the shoe guide.
I love that ferragamo tie. 
I'd go with brown first, then black, but both would work.
Specifically, a lighter brown like a walnut goes good with mid grey.  I'd do that if it's during the day.  Wear grey dress socks and a belt that matches the shoes.  I'd probably go with a light blue dress shirt as well. .I'm not a fan of the tie, but if the bride loves it, rule number 1 of weddings is "Whatever the bride wants"
Both brown and black will work fine..Brown is more daytime, less conservative, more playful. It fits well thematically with your tie..Black is more serious, conservative and formal. .If it's an evening event I'd go for black, otherwise brown would be nice..This assumes you're not in the UK where the answer changes to "wear black".
Go with brown. Black shoes are boring.
With that combo, brown shoes. Not sure about the tie, though.
I may be a bit wary from the flack I've gotten about the tie here so I can't tell if you're being sarcastic or not. If you're not it's actually a Brooks Brothers tie; it's where I got the suit as well. And if you were being sarcastic...well played.
No offence, but I would really rethink the entire outfit; the tie seems sorta tacky. However, if you're set on the outfit, I suppose either would work. Remember to match it with your belt!
You must have never been a groom at a wedding. Do you think I picked it? Thanks for the belt advice...would have forgotten
No it's in the US, new england, by the ocean. I was really against the stereotypical navy jacket with khaki pants so this was where we settled. And it's during the daytime, outdoors. I think brown will be the way to go. Thanks for the advice. 
I feel the exact opposite
big whoop, wanna fight about it
Really not
me neither
Huh?  Tacky in what sense?  He showed the suit (kindof a standard light gray) and a tie that could have come from almost any manufacturer..Don't wear grey suits and yellow ties?  That's fine...however, it's not "tacky" when others do.  Especially if you wear dressier clothes/suits daily:  It can be challenging to come up with different color combinations.
I'm not being sarcastic. I'm surprised its not ferragamo tbh. I saw the horsebit and thought it was. I love ties. I collect alot of whimsical ties from both Hermes and ferragamo. 
OK gotcha. Glad you like the tie...I honestly really like it and was surprised by the feedback here. But fashion is subjective I suppose.
Like it's one of those ties that isn't super versatile so people naturally won't like it as much. But yeah i agree fashion is extremely subjective. I have a tie that's the same color but it has little bears on it. 
Not all of our wives forced an outfit on us. My wife didn't care any more about my suit than I did about her dress..However if you've already agreed to wear it, particularly if your fiance has decided to implement some kind of color theme, there isn't much you can do.
I don't know about color but bigger sleeves will make them look smaller. Eat something and hit the gym, brotato. 
I find that changing things in reality usually works better than attempting illusion.
I got some weights and am using them at home. Stuff is improving.
I don't think colors work like that. Honestly it's hard to hide your body so you can either embrace it or try to change. 
Err, no. I'm as thin as they come and I wear white shirts. It doesn't work. 
I have never heard this before and I don't think that there is a specific color that will make your arms look bigger. 
Iron Barbell Black.
That's really the only answer.
uh yea
If something has belt loops, wear a belt. 
But the belt can be fun and funky.  I wear a Vineyard Vines belt which I can't currently find on their website, but the link:  .
might give you some ideas for casual belts.

SPITALFIELDS.
PETTICOAT LANE.
BRICK LANE..You need nothing else.
Awesome thanks!
This is what mine looks like ....We're still partially moved into the new house, so the closet is a work in progress. .On the shoe racks, bottom one is jack purcells and top is dbs..I gotta figure something out for pants cause I don't like folding them over a hanger, I'm thinking of putting hooks onto the back of the bedroom door or something.
I've got button ups and workout shirts on the top row, then shorts on the bottom. The rack holds my non raw pants and swim trunks. Then the dresser has tees, underwear, and athletic shorts. 
What's the story behind the cub scout uniform on the bottom rack?
If I weren't at work I'd have pictures, but my closet is pretty small. I'm in the military, so it's limited space. Choosing what to keep in my wardrobe is no easy task, especially due to how picky I am and how I like to keep a couple outfits for each season. Luckily, I've moved in with my boyfriend so I now have a spare bedroom to throw all my winter clothes and jackets in. My shoes are actually in their own closet by the front door. I do that because here in Japan we take our shoes off before entering the house.
Here's mine: .Bedroom closet is 14 feet wide, organized as best I can get it:
Hats along the top.
. Dress pants, Dress Shirts, Casual long sleeves, Polos/Golf Shirts.
. Sweaters, Pajamas, Outdoor work pants/shorts
. Jeans, Shorts, Gym clothes, Casual long and short sleeves, Flannels.
. I have my color an white laundry baskets, quite convenient.
. Belts and Ties.Main hall closet:
The floor is all my shoes.  Center to right is my jackets.  Left side is the wife (who has herself a walk in closet....Not Shown: My dresser is socks, underwear, base layers, bathing suits and some extra sweaters.
nice uggs


.
.
.
.
.
I just read today that you are not suppose to hang knitwear. Soon I'll clean out the rest of my closet and put up some shelves.
Well, my girlfriend just moved in so, extremely fucking full.
I'm in the same boat. Lost 2 drawers and my second closet. Hurts...
Living in New York has its drawbacks.
Here's my closet at the ..  I keep it small and have to do laundry very often _
 is the best I can do right now.  I won't embarrass myself with the hung football jerseys, sweats, and primarily ill-fitting collared shirts that are hanging.
fuck the cp's are sick.
My closet looks like shit because I am too lazy to properly clean it out. .will not post pix
Do it so you can find old clothes you don't wear anymore and either sell/donate them or start wearing them again.  
Mine, by this sub's standards, is pretty terrible too. I'm slowly trying to fix it though to be less high school-y and more teacher education student-y
Oh I am totally aware of my closet situation and how to fix it, but I really dont want to waste a whole day dealing with it. Instead I do a little at a time. 

What kind of shoe rack is that? I'm looking to get one (or two) to accommodate by growing collection.

This makes me not feel so bad. Thank you.
What do you mean? The quantity or the organization?
you have as many shoes and jackets as I do. Thank you.
I feel you. Not pictured, about 7 other pair of shoes. .I'm addicted to shoes, boots in particular, and outerwear. I'm starting to get in high end pants now that I'm rather fullfilled on the previous clothing categories. 
What's in the rifle cases?
A rifle.
Like somebody ate 100000 skittles and vomited everywhere 
Was in Scouts as a kid, guess I never got rid of it even though I quit in 6th grade (troop fell apart).
This reminds me of my first place abroad. I brought with me only one suitcase and a duffle bag, and it was too much for my "closet".
Thanks.  Those are for walking my dog when it's 0 degrees outside.  
oh to have never lived where it is cold...
'tis all
Just starting to acquire a new look.
Pretty basic closet, top shelf for keeping accessories,  back of the door holds tie and belt racks.  Separate clothes by season/style in no particular color scheme just keeping like pieces together (polos with polos, shirts with shirts). Shoe rack for my dress shoes sneakers and mocs stay elsewhere due to frequent wear..Best investment: hangers with clips so you can hang your pants properly rather than folding them over.
My actual closet is mostly just some F/W stuff hung up, and some pants I moved to free up space on the rack.
dont hang your tees
why
they'll stretch. general rule is that if the fabric stretches when you pull it, don't hang
I've recently switched to wood coat hangers for polos. Seems to keep them free of fold lines and I think the shoulders will be okay since the hanger is wider. 
i hang my tees and they've never stretched. 
generally speaking t-shirts are light enough that they won't stretch
I think it's pretty obvious....
He stole it from a cub scout.
I want to see a fit
Do: hang shit up. 
Don't: have a giant pile of shit on the floor that you have to root through every morning to find socks, and then hope they match because it's kinda dark in there and black and navy look a lot alike. 
I literally just moved into this house 8 days ago.  Still have a bit of organizing to do, .Not in pic: some shoes and one pair of jeans on a hanger.  Don't know where I'm putting those yet.
Pretty minimal.
when we moved I got rid of a lot of shit that was just sitting in my old dresser.  It's easy to accumulate stuff when you have drawers where it can just sit and it doesn't get in your way..I can honestly say that I wear every one of the pieces that I own.  It's a nice feeling.
I can't wait till I reach the point where I look at my wardrobe and realize I love every single thing in it.
Well it's not hard for me because I don't need much.  I wear slacks/dress shirts every day to work, and we don't do much social stuff on weekdays... which leaves a maximum of 2 days per week that I need casual clothing.  Typically it's only 1 day, if that, that I need to put an outfit together..Although,with that said, I did just move to an office full of engineers, which means I could change to a more chinos/OCBD's/boots look if I wanted, which means many more possibilities for outfits and looks.
I'm also going to suggest that it's time to invest in some linen.  Welcome to D.C.
I'd love to.  I'm already a "naturally warm" person who sweats easily, and this humidity is just so rough.  Having come from New York, I never felt that I had much of a reason to buy summer fabrics... I mean we only have about a 60-day period where temperatures . above 80... .My saving grace since having moved to DC have been my Uniqlo Airism undershirts.  Holy crap they help.  I wish their boxer briefs fit me.
I really need to try these vaunted Airsim undershirts, they sound like something I need..I'm from SoCal, so while most days are over 80, I understand.  I mean I used to wear jeans in the summer.  0% humidity and you can do that even if it's 110..I hate to tell you this, but DC has not yet begun to humid.  Late August when you get out of your car your glasses will fog over.  The weather channel will say things like "90 degrees, feels like 130."  Black Flag days (days when they set out a black flag meaning, don't exercise outside, you may kill yourself) will be frequent.
fantastic.  I go running with my dog every morning and even at 5:15am it's like 75 and humid and I can feel it in my lungs.
Hey man, I remember you talking about moving to DC in a GD a while ago... how'd everything go with the move? Whereabouts did you end up?
Yo!  The move was pretty rough.  I'm just too old to move all our crap by ourselves... and we actually sold a lot of shit before we moved, too.  It was like 94 and crazy humid during the unloading, and since the house was filthy, I unloaded almost everything by myself while my wife cleaned everything.  No doubt we'll be hiring movers next time.  It's well-worth the money..We ended up in Hyattsville.  It's a pretty rough area, but it'll work for a year.  This was my first week in the new office which is in Columbia, and so far I've had anywhere from a 30-45 minute commute in, and a 40-55 minute commute home.  It's a huge difference from the 5-10 minute commute I had back in Rochester..Looking forward to settling in and exploring the area.  

close up pic of the rest of the footwear?

not just the geobaskets i know what those look like.i was asking to see the footwear in the background; i thought i saw some dark gray suede boots

Would love to see your collection of dress shoes. 
Reactions as i opened up each link. "Woah lots of clothes, prolly spends too much money or hes rich." "Lots of silk oh hey marc jacobs." "okay couple of expensive bags"....."Dear God those shoes....so...many...shoes"
not rich, but I have a decent job.

w2c plaid shirts?
is it annoying or helpful to have your shoes on the top?
also, why fold jeans as opposed to hanging them?
primarily due to closet space, though I hang all of my chinos and dress pants. I just have too many pairs of denim and I haven't found that folding them disrupts the fades & creases that develop, even with my pairs of raw denim.
daaaang
yeah, it's a bit of a problem. trying to cut back lately.
Why do you have so many of the same coloured jeans?
Probably different cuts.
Different cuts, different weights and at different points in the break-in period, though not prominent when folded. I just like dark denim.
That's fair :) Do you have a favourite?
absolutely. there is a small streetwear & sneaker shop in my neighborhood that released a small run of japanese raw selvedge and the cut fit my perfectly. they only made one in each size, so I bought both a 31 and 32. the 32s are 3 years in & I've just started breaking in the 31s..as far as mainstream brands, I really like the Neuw denim that I just picked up. the fit is the Iggy Skinny Raw, and it's extremely thin cut, but I like them a lot.
Daaamn dude, nice closet. Where did you get the box for ties and watches. 
box was purchased at The Container Store. I believe it was originally meant for Christmas ornaments, so it may be seasonal. 
w2c?
where to cop 
ah, gotcha. from those visible in the pic, Gap, J. Crew, Obey, Levi's, American Apparel. they are varied in sizing, as I have a tendency to gain & lose weight throughout the year.
I like your taste man. Good stuff.
thanks man, I appreciate it!
Not op but I find it helpful, easier to see them all at a little above eye level than on the floor, my closet tends to get stuff thrown on the floor
correct, it's been nice having them at eye level for once.
I only store my Nike shoes on top because I had the awkward shelf there. That said, the majority of my shoes are stored below and it's kind of a pain. I would say overall, it's kind of nice having them up top.
Sweaters and other knits shouldn't be stored on hangers, they stretch out. 
Good point. At this point, space is at a minimum however. I will try to reorganize, though my goals for now are to replace the hangers with standard wood ones..Suits are fine on wood hangers, correct? I'll try to begin folding the sweaters.
Yes suits are fine, even better on hangers. 
If you have no space to fold them you can hang sweaters like ..
That's a pretty neat idea, I'll definitely try it. I haven't had any problems with shoulder bumps, but I would hate to damage the material long-term with my current hanging method.
We're having an intervention about your "dress" shoes.
honestly the shoes section isn't too bad considering a lot of them are mid-tier dress shoes..some people in the Alden thread on SF have pics like this of Aldens. that's like $500/pair, x 40 or 50..edit: assuming they aren't shell, which would up the ante by $100-$500 depending on the shoe
I like variety.  And if it means being able to buy three pairs of decent quality shoes for $700, vs one outstanding pair for $1,100... then so be it..I own two John Lobb's, two Aldens.. not many, but to be honest, I like my "cheaper" Salvatore Ferragamo's more than my Aldens.
Fair enough. I wasn't trying to bash on your shoe collection, btw. It really is pretty hefty. I just get blown away by some dudes with a closet full of aldens 
I hear ya, I can't fathom spending $20k-40k on shoes.  First world problems...

Sweet, I think we go about buying clothes pretty much the same way. My closet in the summer is a jacket, sweater, white button-down, two pairs of jeans, swim trunks, and around seven t-shirts.
I'm mad jealous. Been reading through . a lot lately and am really intrigued by the french wardrobe concept. What jacket do you own? And what do you do to keep your clothes "fresh" day to day (not smelly, wrinkled, and stretched out)? .You kick ass
Hanging them makes the biggest difference, airing them out for 24 hours means most things can get two wears quite easily. With my tees and sweats, I can get two wears if I've had a non-active day and hang them over the back of my reading chair..EDIT: The jacket is just some Tan canvas thing I thrifted.
The MFA essentials right there haha
What tees and shoes? 
The shoes is where I lose the French....Green, Navy and Red Chucks.
Sperry Topsiders.
CDB's.
White Jack Purcell's..It's still timid, but all the Chucks don't need to be there. Pretty much all of my cop list is shoes too, I'm struggling to resist the call.
have you ever found a situation where you've been like "damn i wish i had such and such shoes" or "such and such clothing item"?.like a suit or something
Navy Suit with some Fifth Aves is top of the buy list..Once I have that, it's all I need at this stage of my life. When I get out of University that'll all change obviously.
dude, that is awesome. i'm excited to get my life to the point that you have yours in.
minimalism at its finest. wish i could be like this

I'm guessing raw denim; all day, every day. 
Hardcore french wardrobe, also poor..I have two summer pieces, shorts, which have been seeing some rotation lately because the weather in Aus is weird. My winter section is literally just a hoodie and probably an extra jacket I'll pick up soon. I spend at least a month deliberating over a purchase, so I pretty much never impulse buy..It's so damn easy to just wake up and throw on clothes knowing everything matches.
I never thought a French Wardrobe is was possible to achieve. Fuck man. I am so going to throw away all of my other shit after my exams...
Hey congrats man, someone said the things you own end up owning you. Live light... .What jeans are those?
Which color tees do you have?
does hanging the pants like that stretch out the denim?.Also what size are you? Id love to send over some clothes (probably not expensive ones: Merona, Cotton on, Uniqlo, H&M). It just pains me to see that your closet is this small. All MFA-ers in my opinion should have at least 5 solid colored tees, 1-2 denim pants, 1-2 pairs of khakis, 3 OCBDS in blue, white, salmon, 2 patterned button downs (gingham/plaid/etc), and 2 shorts, and 1 suit. That should pretty much set you up for anything.
Dude, that's really cool of you
Not OP but I doubt it. I hang like that to air out the denim and to avoid resetting my creases. I don't know if these are actual concerns but its why I hang mine that way.
Large and 36. PM me if you're for realisies.
PMd!
thanks! just spreading the MFA love and paying it forward. Also empty closets of MFAers just make my heart drop.
Do people comment about your lacking of clothes and how you wear the same thing just about once a week? What's the pair of denim? 
My girlfriend's the only who notices, and she kinda digs on my minimalism.
Burgundy, White, Grey, Navy..Burg is the least flexible, but for laundry reasons, I needed a fourth tee.
Burgundy is pretty good. It's like the Navy of reds
[10]
Pretty close. I wrote that minutes before I went to bed; no clue what I was thinking at the time
Everyone is frugal is going to shit their pants
Try this one again sometime, maybe Sunday morning, this turned into a shithole. I think if this got going it could be really cool.
did you click through the link? we got some pretty good discussions going on in the EMF thread.
Damn I'm stupid, I read the thread on emf early and assumed it was crossposted here for more attention. Never mind then!
So that's where the 1% from MFA hangs out?
And the subscribers of MFA are already often the 1% of people who spend money on clothes in general
1% of Redditors, maybe..You'd be astonished at the expenditure of others in the real world, perhaps outside of your own social circle/demographic.
I sincerely doubt that.
I know this is a joke, but I kind of wanted to point out that a lot of EMFers (myself included) are also just normal college kids or grad students. I personally work a part-time job during the school year to fund my clothing habit. =P.It's more about caring deeply about quality and aesthetic and choosing to spend deliberately on expensive stuff that you feel has great value. I own some really cheap tees (like $6 tees, not even kidding) and then other garments that fall into the probably-stupidly-expensive-category. It's not really that people who spend $$$ on clothes are all 1% high rollers..We just like nice clothes.
Who doesn't love nice clothes? Frugal and expensive don't really have set definitions. I had to stop myself from copping two LVC  t shirts for $110 shipped(on sale mind you) someone else might of saw that as an amazing deal. Everyone has their own budget and needs. .Edit:Im like Yo, thats fifty dollars for a t-shirt 
Yes, but that t-shirt / short-sleeve henley / goth ninja tunic just . a particular aesthetic and makes me feel like a super rainbow six-armed-starfish. 
I am working on this Americana/Heritage/Workwear aesthetic and this shirt. . was perfect for me... but yet again, it's fifty dollars, for a t shirt. I'll just try to buy it second hand or wait for a more ridiculous sale. The other one I was going to buy is gone but it was a cool white/peach Mexican blanket print shirt. 
I don't think that shirt is going to come down much further than fifty dollars.
IDK, the problem is that you're mostly not paying for the article of clothing. .You're paying for the LVC brand, you're paying disproportionately for overhead, design costs, and procurement due to the small production run, irregular batching and sizing, etc.Materials used to make that shirt can't be more than $10-15..There's something to be said about "quality", but I highly doubt that most people are paying $50+ for a t-shirt or $100+ for a sweatshirt are paying for any real incremental increase in quality. I'd argue that at that price level, the "psychology" or perception of quality dominates. 
Exactly, even on sale I can't justify purchasing what essentially is a short sleeve t shirt with a pocket no matter how dope it is for $67(After shipping too.)
I understand what your argument isjust want to point out that materials are not the only cost. Labor is a significant factor and I find it's often ignored when people analyze costs. Some (but obviously not all or even .) companies sink the extra cash into ethical labor practices, good work benefits, production in a first-world country where the living costs are higherI'm happy to pay more for these reasons.
If production were to become more efficient, you would no longer want that article of clothing. If Birkin bags or LVC flag t-shirts were mass-produced so that everyone and his/her sibling had one (e.g. Coach's new GTM strategy this past decade), you would no longer care for them. .Quality applies to some extent, but labor, eh. You can produce fairly cheaply in the US, just not at the bespoke quality. In these cases, the costs to individual manufacturers is fairly high, but rarely are those shops sustainable. Clothing producers who have persevered are fashion houses with strong brands and distribution channels. 
LVC clothes are made in Italy with a high attention to detail. If they were cheap enough that everyone could buy them then they would not be made in Italy and would be the same quality as Target clothing, so, yeah. I wouldn't want the shirt. But since it is made in Italy and has a lot of cool design details then it's cool enough to be worth the price and a lot of people want it. Almost no one buys expensive things just because they're expensive. 

They value how good it will make them look, which is the overall goal of this whole fashion thing.
Which is why I tend to stay away from designer fashion and stick to reputable brands known from their simple classic designs, premium materials and quality craftsmanship. It's a lot more affordable too. .Also, I'm not saying that designers make shitty products but some tend to focus on other parts of their clothing that go far beyond functional pieces of cloth for human wear. Like some of their pieces tend to be more art than ready to wear clothing.
different people have different styles and ideas of what looks good. you should buy what makes your outfits look the best. to some it's simple classic designs, to others it a blue stared tshirt with a red accents..the same shirts you own in simple classic designs wont look as good as this shirt would in other people's outfits/style. come on man, you know this. dont let mfa convince you that classic styling is the only good look..... it is a good look though. I guess that's why it's classic.

Sounds pretty boring..Firstly, colors and patterns. Plaids, stripes, and brightly coloured shirts or ties. Stick to no more than two patterned items, with the third solid. When matching patterns ensure their relative sizes are different. Also, pocket squares and tie bars. Cool shoes. Wingtips. Also branch out from dark wash jeans. White jeans, grey jeans, green jeans. Pants, linen, cream, pastel pink. Break up suits and mix and match.
A few things.1) You can play with layering; summer won't last forever and I'd assume your office would get a little colder. A nice sweater over a button down looks great in my opinion. You can even change things up a lot with sweaters from different collars, materials (I love cableknit sweaters), or something like a cardigan.2) Accessories; coming into the office with a scarf (again, summer won't last forever), a bracelet, glasses (can keep them in a shirt pocket or on your collar when not in the sun) or whatever can accent the outfit a little by giving it a little personality.3) As stated earlier, better basics. You got nice button downs, nice dark wash jeans, and I'm sure a nice pair of shoes. But having a few extra pairs of nice (leather) shoes is great (for the shoes too, they need to breath) because a different pair can give an outfit a whole new personality..4) Switch up materials and colors. I'm sure you look great with your OCBD and dark wash jeans every day, but switch it up! You may not even notice but your wardrobe may lean all toward one side of the color wheel (I know I realized at one point that I had a whole wardrobe of navy blue which made it hard to make outfits that stood out). Like I said, materials are great to play with to. While I'm not a fan of them, knit ties can look great when pulled off, and I know I've seen a few posts of people getting crazy with different materials like knit ties, linen blazers and an OCBD which gives an outfit so much texture.
 in the sidebar is a worthwhile read.
Nice shoes.
buy better basics.
For biz caz I'd look at shoes and outerwear first then accessories. Invest in a some wingtips, derbies, a couple blazers, then look at other things like watches, pocket squares etc. . overdo it with the accessories though..The best advice I ever got on MFA was to start saving pictures and make an "inspiration album" of looks you want to emulate. See some similarities in stuff you like? Make a shopping list to avoid impulse buys.
You can wear shoes that contrast and/or compliment your solid colors on top, and you can also try looking for an understated, simple bracelet that goes with the rest of the fit. 
But if the clothes fit well, you're already doing your job. 
i said it over there, i'll say it here- that baby cougar picture was fucking adorable.
I had a hard time comin up with anything for guys to wear to be a cougar. What even is a guy cougar? Pedophile? Or is it one of those guys that are like "I love high school girls becuase I get older and they stay the same age" 
ye haw
I'm liking these in the morning its awesome as always!
Looking forward to the fall season: whats a good mid-line dark raw denim?
mid-line? Throw out a number for the best recommendations. 
Naked&Famous Deep Indigo's
those honeycombs on the 3sixteen's are insane
Tellason ($220) or Naked and Famous. Or: Order now from Gustin, and you might get it by then.
Anyone get their Mortar jeans yet? Still waiting on mine...
Did you get tracking info?.I ordered a Post O'Alls shirt from Mortar and it was dropped off at the UPS store in Stafford, TX on 7/5.  Expected delivery to the Bay Area is 7/11.
Nope, just an email that said my order status had been changed to shipped... no tracking info was available or something...
Hmm, my "Order Status Changed" email had tracking at the bottom.
Sorry this was posted a day late; I am moving this week and next. Tip: Clean out your closet before moving, will save you a lot of headaches and boxes..-Mash
sorry i didn't do it yesterday! I would've but we're moving as well.
Small world. Hope your move is going well!.PS-- If you haven't already, and still need boxes, raid your local liquor store. Free boxes, usually pretty good ones too.
Yeah man liquor stores are best for free boxes. We even got some of those plastic crates. Walmart too
With pea coats you want to go older than 1980. In 1980 the Navy switched from Kersey wool to cheaper Melton wool. The easiest way to tell how old the coat is by looking at the tag and matching against a .I've had good luck on eBay buying from people who didn't really know how old their pea coat is (I've seen full-on 10 button WWI pea coats for $50.)  .My pea coat is from 1951 and looks newer than the one my dad issued in 1969. Be sure to size down, they run big. Good luck.
i wouldn't buy vintage online. it is one of those tactile experiences you have to have. make a trip to your local surplus and shop there
I've had no experience with that particular website, but Militaria tends to be good anyway, for the most part, because due to it being military-grade, you know it's gonna last and not only that, but some of it looks amazing
Go to Jermyn Street and visit Church's and/or Crockett & Jones..Visit Sunspel on 7 Redchurch Street as well..EDIT: Also on Jermyn Street, you should go to Turnbull & Asser. THE maker of bespoke shirts.
Dude... so jealous. Do me a favor and eat at . for me. 
upvotes hardcore for this recommendation--a must in London

I agree on the sentiment but don't limit yourself to Church's and C&J, see everything.
John Lobb, Edward Green, Grenson, Trickers, Cheaney, Herring. So many English brands!
The one thing my father wanted while were here is authentic punjabi cuisine. This will make him very happy :) thanks!
SPITALFIELDS MARKET.
PETTICOAT LANE.
BRICK LANE.
 on Kingsland is outstanding, also the nearby . is definitely worth a look. .Obviously for formal shoes and suiting there's Jermyn Street and Saville Row... and for cheap basics there's big Uniqlos and Primarks on Oxford St.
Carnaby Street is the most fun and well known culmination of trending and current styles of urban culture. It's a great place to people watch and pick up on incredible variations of personal style. Also, do NOT miss Dover Street Market.  The place is an absolute must see for avant-garde, Tokyo based fashion labels Comme Des Garons, Undercoverism, and Junya Watanabe. Visvim is also sold within the flagship store as well. Beyond the merchandise sold in DSM, the artwork featured throughout the 7 story building is a truly wonderful spectacle. Along the block of Dover Street itself, you can find other high end brands such as Acne, (I forgot what else is along the street; it's been a while.) But I hope you have fun!
What kind of things are you after? Bespoke hi-end tailoring would mean Saville Row. Department stores would mean Selfridges on nearby Oxford Street, which along with Regent Street are the main roads for high street fashion. Alternatively Harrods in Knights Bridge. Designer stuff would mean Bond Street. Carnaby Street is nestled behind Regent Street, and a short walk will take you to Covent Garden (Dr Martens has a flagship store there I think) and nearby Jerymn Street. If you want vintage stuff then Camden Town Market and Brick Lane / Spital Fields are good choices.
by no means a comprehensive list but:
 check out some quintessential british suiting around the west end. there's one street with an excellent selection of tailors and cobblers but the name has slipped my mind.
the overlap of south ken and chelsea down near the station has some great high end independents (I picked up a great commes des shirt on sale there.
AND GO TO GOODHOOD in shoreditch, it's fucking excellent even if you're not particularly into streetwear.
I love all of you. My sister and I will be spending a few days shopping and I plan on hitting everything mentioned!
Turnbull & Asser on Jermyn Street I forgot to mention. The finest bespoke shirts!
Albam Clothing
Nonnative 
Here's one for stores: if you like Unionmade check out Hickorees
One more thought - try to describe why you like a brand, or if you only like their shirting/suiting, don't be afraid to say that too. I originally thought of this thread as brand-based, but it certainly doesn't have to be.
All Saints
just bought a bunch of stuff from there, including one of their new pocket tees. really excited to get it.
Dude hickorees this the best. Def on my list of places to visit in really life, I'm excite to see how it compares to the Unionmade storefront(which is awesome).



nike 1985-1995
Don't know much about em, but maybe oaknyc? 
If you like Dockers you will like Dockers shirts,
If it's the NY surfstyle stuff that gets you, Battenwear founder Shinya Hasegawa is also an avid surfer -- which is why it's a lot of 70's styled boardshorts and stuff like that.
If you like j.crew and you also like wearing female clothing, check out Madewell, which is sort of like J.Crew's little sister. (Just putting it out there.) .Brooks Brothers also surprisingly has J.Crew-like things on the more formal end, especially if you like j.crew because of the prep/traditional aesthetic.
madewell is actually owned by jcrew i think
I think you got that backwards. Brooks Brothers has been around for almost 200 years, but J.Crew for barely 30.
Yeah, I know, but if he likes J.Crew then he might like Brooks Brothers. 
I do :) BB shirting is the tits, although the only thing that fits me is Extra Slim. Their oxfords have the best collar roll... can spot it instantly.
Yep. But not a lot of people have heard of it because it largely exists as an online presence. 
We've got a Madewell, excellent shop. The clothing definitely skews younger, and the emphasis is way more casual oriented than 'dressy/preppy/classy' casual like J. Crew mainline women. I wish there were a male equivalent but I don't think we really need it like the ladies do --  the men's stuff is nailing it for the most part right now (at least in my eyes). 
The Real McCoy's. I know of Buzz Rickson and Eastman, but give me other recs.
Mr freedom
Why not. Fave brands: Rogue Territory, Mt. Rainier Design, Crescent Down Works, Patagonia, Battenwear, Tanner Goods. If it reminds me of the Cascades/hiking/climbing culture I must have it, whether it's authentic American or homages from Japan.
Outside what others have said fracap
topo designs, danner, diemme, moncler, moncler r, moncler w, white mountaineering, all the brands nanamica makes, nigel cabourn (bit of a stretch but the cameraman is a classic mountaineering jacket).
I saw a tee on instagram that I liked today, and I just saw it again on topo designs' website! Never heard of that brand before, good rec. 
north face purple label, rocky mountain featherbed, sierra design,  woolrich woolen mills
Anything in particular from purple label? I have a Nanamica varsity that I'm sort of meh about. rocky mountain featherbed is way cool too. and I know I've got to get into Woolrich more. All good calls. 
their outerwear and bags are their strong points imo. really weird/interesting prints on heratige parka cuts which makes it kind of fun.
our legacy
Wings + Horns.Norse Projects
i feel like i could name 5 or 6 brands that are very similar but you'll just know all of them already
yeah probably
wanna go ahead and name them for the benefit of the rest of us?
could you do it for the readers at home, pretty please?

APC, wings + horns, Norse projects, maiden noir, folk. 
APC
Kinda along the lines of good quality basics? I perceive OL as having kind of a more relaxed, warm feel compared to say W+H. Don't really have much experience w the brand though, but I enjoy the aesthetic the more I try to understand it.
It should actually be the other way around, as OL is better quality than W+H.  They're similar in that the aesthetic is similar and they look "natural" when worn together (i.e. nothing would really be out of place or look forced).
Oh no I wasn't disagreeing with you. Just kind of musing, I would definitely imagine it's higher quality than W+H but I haven't had a chance to handle any. I feel like the pieces are much more interesting, at any rate, but then again W+H isn't super interesting to begin with. Could you give me your take on the brand?
On W+H?  I like their stuff, though I can't really complain about it as I can barely afford it.  They have some very nice pieces that I might try to pick up one day (their tiger hoodie and wool cargos).  I like the plain-ness, it's very versatile.  
Oh, no, I meant OL.
I like OL, very versatile stuff.  Their stuff looks a bit boxy for me though (but that's just a stylistic choice).
Aight thanks man.
original penguin
Jointrust.Soloist .Remi Relief 
Isaora
trove
what is trove pray tell
God I need to find a good proxy for autumn.
Japanese brand, easier for you to look them up than for me to try and explain them
Ah, figures. Been reading up a bit
we nomad now
Visvim and Neighborhood
I disagree that nn is like vis or nbhd
you could probably pair vis and nbhd stuff with nn, but none of those brands are really very similar other than being japanese.
Gosh this has been really non-productive with the only people mentioning jcrew x other common brands.....Ok guys if you LIKE Raf Simmons you will LOVE Komakino..This Japanese design label seems to be directly inspired from Raf's early collections.
I think I'll try again at a better time. I still very much like the idea. Thanks for a good one - never heard of these guys, and Raf's cool.
If you like Levi's trucker jackets, you (might) like American Eagle denim jackets. 
How do they fit? The slim small is a little tight on me in the shoulders but the length is perfect.
Why wouldn't you just stick with Levi's ones?
I did. American Eagle has a stupid "pre-wrinkled" design that you can't fix. 
what size did you have in the levis?
Small. The sleeves were annoyingly long so I thought AE would solve my problems since it had it in XS. Turns out, sleeves are still long, but it fits me tighter. Still returned it. 
This one's interesting. Since I can't find a Trucker that fits me well I might look into it, if there's no visible logo. Thanks!
Jesus people, I fucking love Levi's too, alright? All my jeans are Levi's and I have two denim jackets, but you know, there's always other options. 
It fit perfectly in XS. But the fabric was infuriating. It was a "pre-wrinkled" design. Say what you like about the nature of denim jackets, I don't like my shit to be distressed. .I returned it. If you get over that, then you'll probably very much like AE. 
Had never heard of Ugly Casanova, thanks!
Haha - it's actually also Isaac Brock. Apparently, it's based on lyrics written by a creepy MoMo fan! It's a bit darker but good stuff.
If I like APC, what else will I like?
AMI
Check out acne
Our Legacy, Norse Projects, W+H
Creep by Hiroshi Awai
Great thread idea! Might be a good idea to repost later on too. If you like jcrew, I'd check out Club Monaco and Apolis too..Here's a list of mine:
Check out YMC if u like folk 
their tees are too short for me but I'll keep an eye out for their other stuff.
veroz
renalan
lady syrup
catterfly
What
kappuru? though i dont see him around as much 
Obviously me.
Definitely would make an attempt to visit
hooplah
rip in peace
There's only one correct answer to this question.Maggie
instagram looks like he's in japan
shhh leave the mfasians alone
Mfasians does not shun the rest of the world
I like this idea but the title is pretty confusing. Should have just put the words instead of the abbreviations..If you like J. Crew check out Band of Outsiders and GANT Rugger.

Thanks AGVS :)
I was thinking if I didn't get a good response I'd re-post during more of a "peak" time. I'll change the title then.
In adidas with some short shorts B-O-O all over me
Gant Rugger is full of beautiful pieces. Might be my new favorite. Thanks for the great suggestions!
Spot on, also Gitman Brothers Vintage
IMO Epaulet is J Crew's natural Next. They even carry Aldens and shit.
Definitely. Forgot all about them.
Work today:
.All swedish pretty much; Tiger of Sweden, Filippa K, H&Ms and Tommy Hilfiger.Headin to a friend yesterday:
.Boomerang, Levis and converse

Pants in that first picture don't fit at all.
Agreed. Even after cuffing them they're too long. They need to be hemmed. Also, I can't tell if the rise is too low on them or if he's just wearing them too low (is the waist size too big?).

My first WAYWT and its a simple one
What do you think about this shirt with these pants? . .Shirt: Mossimo Pants: Gap Shoes: .Sperry's I Wore this to a party the other day . .Shirt: Mossimo Shorts: Mossimo Shoes: Sperry's .Should i get the shirt tailored?
Shirt looks like it's draping over you particularly around the stomach area.
Tailoring wouldn't hurt..I don't like the first outfit; it looks just too dark for Summertime.
Also, the laces on the Sperry's look really long. Like, you're gonna trip on them long..But I'm digging the pattern on the shirt.
Shorts and short-sleeve shirts, it's hot in CO!! .Sorry for selfies but hit me with some feedback!
Third outfit looks fine, although that that shirt looks too big at the waist..I like the second pic the best. The tee may be too big around the chest but I can't tell behind that flash. What shoes are those?.The first one is just... off. In this case I do like the white athletic socks with the sneakers, but the button-up just does not go with the rest of the outfit. The shirt is just seems like an attempt to dress or prep up the rest of the outfit, and it shows.

First fit: Shoes and socks scream high school. J's are sick, but not with the high socks and shorts look. Get some nice denim and make some sick streetwear stuff with it. Shirt is also too big. .Second fit: best one out of the three. I'd switch to a white tshirt though if it was me. .3rd fit: Shoes aren't working. Switch to some loafer style shoes and shirt can be slimmed down. 
I dont think MFA would approve of those socks/shoes in the first one, but what do I know.  
Got grief from my manager for wearing a shirt like this, he thinks I was "brave" to wear a color like this.  What do you think?.Shirt: Alfani
Pants: Perry Ellis
Watch: Redline Compressor
Shoes: Allen Edmonds Fifth street 
It's loud, and it's the you're of colour is wear to a rave, but work.  Florescent colours are very hard, basically impossible, to work organically in an outfit.

It's not a great colour and comes across as a little tacky and clashy rather than natural or interesting
i agree with your manager... it's a bit too bold for most offices. And I'm not diggin the contrast with your dark dress trousers.


First WAYWT.Glasses: Rayban clubmasters.Shirt: PRL.Watch: Timex Weekender.pants: Dockers Alpha Khakis.shoes: New Balance 574.I think the shirt might be a bit too big around the waste and length but all criticism is appreciated
The pants fit is dead on, but I'd go with a slightly thinner width belt. I agree with your comments on the shirt and a trip to the tailor would sort that out. The shoes really don't work for me here because of how sporty they are. I think some type of slip-on (loafer) would be better or perhaps a casual boot of sorts. Maybe an espadrille?
Thanks for the reply, would you recommend any espadrille? I agree that they would be a good finish to the look 
yah, I'd say that the shirt is a bit too big around the waist. tailoring it would be optimal..You're wearing the alphas too high imo. They're a casual pant and they're actually more low rise (rise is the length from crotch to waist) than high rise so they don't work very well when you tuck a shirt into them. you can see how the waist looks scrunched up under the belt..to add, a brown belt would work better than black here.
Thanks for the advice, i knew something looked off, but i didnt want to leave it untucked because the ill fitting shirt. Does the cuff on the shirt look fine or should i unroll it once? Also will the tailor be able to alter the length?
Cuffs are fine man. Yep, tailors can hem shirts so they're shorter.
Keeping things simple today..T Shirt by Uniqlo.Chinos by Xoopn.Sneakers by Jack Purcell.edit: Forgot link
I'm a bit late.  ~70s Towncraft shirt from thrift store, Uniqlo corduroys, Base London shoes.  
Headed to the farmers market.Norse Projects/American Apparel/Topman/Nike/AA bag
In general, I like the gradient from white at the bottom to navy at the top. That being said, the pattern and logo (or print or whatever that white thing is) on that hat hurts the outfit.
Salsa Dancing yesterday: 
Trouser break looks pretty bad and the sleeve/cuff interface is a mess..Not feeling those shoes with the suit - too light a colour..That tie and white shirt with sharp collar don't play nicely together.
Too much break, too much sleeve. Other than that, it's on point.
I don't like the pants. They're just too tight to go with a suit. They contour a bit too closely to the leg, the leg opening is so small that they're not breaking correctly on the shoes, and their tightness also draws attention to the junk region in an unflattering way..Jacket fit looks good, though.
perhaps it is my non-american sense of fit that speaks too loud, but i think those pants are far too long. when i buy a suit i want the pants to be so short that part of the sock is showing, in other words i want the pants to just hang completely free, not touching any shoe or making any wrinkles/pancakes on my legs.
No-break pants are extremely trendy and fashion forward. I think 99.9% of the population should never ever have pants that are that short.
The pants are too long, but in most cases, you shouldn't be able to see your socks while you are standing up. Having a break in your pants is fine, but this looks beyond a full break.
Ah, I see where you're coming from, and I like that style.  I was taught that dress trousers should just barely touch the ground without shoes on, and I actually had the tailer so there wouldn't be such a full break, but long enough to be classic.
If that's not a full break, I don't know what is... hell you've basically got stacks
Since you had it made for you, I take it the armholes are high enough and don't ride up when you lead a spin?
Correct, only I got into salsa after I had the suit made.  One of my biggest concerns was being able to have to arm space to salute and stuff
Fits from the last few days. 

Nice to see another brown dude on here :).Shirt needs more tapper at bottom
blue jacket is a bit billowy bit i don't think you can do much about it
the denim jacket pic is excellent Wear that all the time!!!.
Otherwise you are starting to get the hang of fit.

shirt design in one is kinda wack; not the stripes, but the neon part of it throws it off. but everything else looks great. a plain white shirt would look well with the first fit.  .fit's good. might wanna consider rolling up a sleeve in the jacket. 
Late to the party, but .Don't mind mess, getting to it after 12 hour work day.
12 hours? Ouch..Outfit looks pretty good.
JCrew/Brooks Brothers/Levi's/Johnston & Murphy/Drake's
Pretty good fit here. You deserve more upvotes.
If those pants are black, they're clashing with the brown on your shoes pretty badly.  Navy or maybe charcoal would work better.  Good fit though.
I guess the picture is dark, but they're just dark blue.
Ok. Cool.
I wonder if fuller cut jeans would help fill out your legs and make you look less lanky? 
This is me taking my newborn son for his second walk ever, today. Black slacks, and wearing my new GANT coat due to the rainy weather
try not wear black on black it will always look odd and suspicious :)
congrats!!
How can your son walk when he is in a stroller ?
Perfect fit for 100 degree days. 
I'm digging the summer look. I think that RL polo shirt has a bit of a shirt tail though, hard to tell for sure in that pic, but if it does you gotta tuck that shit in. 
If you're going for prep, you got it. 
Thank you man, I guess the fit on everything looks alright then?
Yeah, the leg opening for the shorts is a little large but that's meh. And have you tried doing something with your hair? It looks like a brown poof right now. Maybe get some product and move it to one side? 
I went for the swoop, but I did it to late and my hair dried before I could get it. Unfortunate happenstance haha.
Actually, the tail is pretty short
frat

I actually think you look pretty good (better than 80%) here..Color coordination could be alittle better but otherwise great
Eh not sure about today too hot..
Sombrero doesn't match, man. .But as a serious critique, the shoes and half-calf socks do not fit with the rest of the outfit and just reminds me of high school
Ah yeah I thought I might have been bought up on that ha! I agree with you entirely, I was actually on a bike ride and I was wearing the socks so I didn't get horrendously sweaty feet. 
You could also be able to size down in the shirt, man
That kind of shirt is supposed to fit loose
First time posting in MFA, advice appreciated.
look into shorter slimmer shorts, they should go like a inch or 1.5" above your knees. but those shoes are fugly i hate to say.
Sup man, I like the shirt. Kinda feel the shorts are to long/baggy, maybe find a trimmer pair?
[deleted]
Purposely wearing your belt so far to the side?
Actually didn't really notice I had put it way over to the side like that until I took the pictures and then I was too lazy.
Your gig line (buckle in relation to your shirt placket) is all sorts of janked. Scoot that thing over, son!
This is my first post. Any criticism is welcome.
Lacoste/Hollister/ Steve Madden

The pants are holding you back. The way they're cut fits too big on your legs, especially the thighs. You can probably cuff them but you might need a different style of pants. Everything else looks good though, although I can't see the shoes very well due the lighting.
Those pants do not fit you well at all.
Dude those pants and your GIANT QUADS  (I cant tell if its pants or your quads).Try an Levis 508 if you do have massive quads. Other wise dockers alpha and 511's
First post on MFA
Hanging with a few friends, what do you think?
Shirt: Mossimo
Pants: Levi 514
Shoes: Polo

Not sure if it's the jeans, but the cuffs look sloppy.
looks pretty good dude, nice basics..tee looks like it might be a bit long and maybe neaten your cuffs a little, but neither of those are a big deal.
That tee is too big, it's hanging off of you.
This happens . every time someone cuffs lightweight and/or non-raw denim. Sometimes regular denim with enough taper makes it work but some thicker, stiffer raw denim results in the nice neat cuffs. It's like trying to make neat folds on tissue paper vs. folding a piece of regular paper.
Yeah, like I said I wasn't sure if it was the jeans or just the way he cuffed them. 

EDIT: This is like my second WAYWT post ever, wouldn't mind some critique.
The style of that jacket is reminiscent of what my gpa would wear. I guess the vintage-y vibe is supposed to be the appeal but it doesn't work here. I'd go jacketless and untuck the shirt.
Just some casual wear at work.
Trying out new chinos
cuff is off, but like the pants.
Sunny and super hot day 
Looks good, my eyes are drawn to that last button being unbuttoned though, which means I'm checking out your crotch :).
Is that not the move when its hot out? 
I'm about /   / this close to giving up on shorts forever. .BONUS: 
5 is pretty cool as a standalone pictue
Yeah, if I wasn't in it it'd be pretty cool
I actually think this looks neat. I think your outfit in that photo looks way more washed out than it really is. Your shorts look more like grey in pic #5 and I can see your shirt has a pattern that is virtually unnoticeable in your first pic..And I liked your album better than the actual fit. Heh, it was kinda of cool to see a behind-the scenes of a selfie.
All you didn't see was the awkward looks from cars driving by 


 .American eagle/ Volcom/ New Balance
a little hard to make out due to lighting. .i'd make the cuffs a little lower, so they break right over the top of the shoe. fit and colors look okay though.
Ok cool, I am still trying to figure out where to place my phone in relation to the sun.
You should be facing the sun when you take the pictures.
. Thrifted this shirt at Goodwill the other day and I love it. 
I like the shirt and the look my only gripe is that that collar is huge!
Yeah I might sew some buttons on to at least control the collar. 
Lifestyle fit. Enjoying summer break by hanging out in house, shirt unbuttoned unnecessarily far, sipping on orange juice.
gap OCBD?
Indeed it is. Not the best quality, I know. But when they're on sale it's a steal.
nah I was just wondering because I love them! they fit me well and yeah, when on sale they're a pretty good price.
I took some old khaki work pants and cut them into shorts. I'm thinking they might be too tight.

Yeah those look too tight for shorts imo
Yes (if you are trying to fit in). but they do give the hipster trendy look so if you like that they are fine
Nothing fancy, just for hangin' out with friends 
canvas sneakers would look better than flip flops, tank would look better with a scoopier neckline, tan your legs

I guess it works theoretically with the troopers and cargos but tee is pretty boring/doesn't add much to this fit
I like everything except the tee.
switch those laces on the boots. they look pretty bad matching like that right now.
yeah, I didn't intend for them to match with the shirt, but I like the red laces on them otherwise... thanks!
You always look really upset in your pictures.
Sorry, I'll smile next time... :/
I agree, but I've gotten negative feedback about out of place pieces, so I've tried to tone down things in this outfit/ keep it relatively cohesive.
Try sticking to just grey and white for t shirts. Those will fit in any outfit.
I mean yeah, but if my Keith Haring t shirt is boring... I'm not sure what a grey or white one would do... 
It's not boring. It's jarring and loud and it ruins the whole fit. Red is a really hard color to put in to any outfit.
I was just referring to .'s comment... I don't think the red is particularly too bad here, it's certainly a hard colour, so I tried to use the olive cargos as a complement to the red, while toning down the colours in the rest of the fit... I was too lazy to take the red laces out of my desert troopers though.
I feel like everything is just a little bit to tight or something? I can't figure it out. Maybe the hair is to neat for that look?
That's just how I always do my hair... I can't do much else with it, my hair is really stubborn, and I it took me about 3 years to successfully part my hair like that.
Bought these yesterday. Sorry for the crappy photo quality. I was at work.And shoes.Everything is merona. The shots are some cheap 20 dollar shoes from h&m
Nice color on those shorts. Merona/Target surprises me sometimes.
Merona/Urban Outfitters/Old Navy
Looking very good. Are those boat shoes? How'd you get the laces like that?
Thanks man, I think this is the first time I've ever recieved positive feedback in MFA! .Yeah they're boat shoes I picked up for cheap at Old Navy. Here's how I did the laces:.Hopefully you can tell from those pics, I can't really explain with words
Yes, I know my faces are dumb.  .EDIT: Definitely shouldn't have worn Roshes.  Thanks for the input.  It's cool how much of a learning experience this is.
your shoes don't really work here
Why arey ou so uncomfortable
What doy ou mean? :P
your face
Hahaha oh.  Well I guess I was born with it.  Not much I can do but smile and wave.
Bahahah I'm just playin'. Do you have Vans? They'd suit you.
I actually have vans, boat shoes, and camp mocs, yet I chose to wear none of them.  I figured the roshes were a bold choice with this fit, yet for some reason I wore them over all the others.  Who needs karma, anyway?
Hahahah. 99% of people don't notice at all, wouldn't worry too much. I'm also on of the more noted 'roshe haters' around this sub, so take whatever I say with a grain of salt. 
Dat smile doe
Shoes are really out of place with this fit, they have more of a tech kind of vibe while the rest of the outfit has a preppy vibe. Something like boat shoes or white vans would work a lot better
I totally agree.  I actually have both boat shoes and vans, yet I chose to wear neither for whatever reason.  
That's what I figured.  It was worth a shot, but I probably would've been better off with vans or some sort of moccasin.
yeah mocs would look good here, definitely
A few fits since I forgot to post on Monday:
As an older teen, especially throughout my highschool years, I've noticed a trend among my peers. It seems wearing larger shirts and what not is in right now. I dig the first fit. The second one is meh. The third one is pretty good. The fourth is alright
pinroll in 2 isn't working
Nice poster!
I think the shirt in the first pic is a little too big on you or at least could be brought in a little bit, but otherwise not bad. I dig the third fit.
You're right it sucks but my mommy bought me it <3.Plus as . said it really gives off that gay schoolboy vibe
shirt fits fine in fit 1, gay schoolboy is newgales way of telling you that u that it looks fine for what it is
I feel like your shorts and shirt are too close in color and need more contrast.

Well that looks much better.
Fit of the day.-desert boots
-naked & Famous
-H&M
-Matix
-Camo Bucket 
bucket looks ok but I have to imagine the camo doesn't look great
I'm interested though this is a p low res photo. 
Too much/weird stacking.  Boots with the fit are kinda meh.  I like it otherwise.  Lots of potential.
Made my first trip to H&M on the way through Cincinnati and it was p cool. Wish there was one closer to me.
Good fit all around. That shirt is really interesting. The neon spots and stitching on the pocket tee are cool, but I'm not sure how well they fit here. You've got some sort of F/W color vibe going on with everything else and, the more I look at it, the more the neon looks out of place in that context. But I still like it.
Hey, when'd you go? Might've seen you there, stranger.
I was there from about 6:30 to a little before 7PM. I was wearing an old tie-dye shirt that was slightly too big, the same shorts as above but in khaki, and some Onitsuka Tigers.
Thanks. I wanted to try using the bright pilling on the shirt as the only accent color in the fit, so I intentionally muted the rest of the colors. I'll probably do something more colorful with it soon.
I've only ever really posted dressy outfits here. Very rarely do i post casual outfits i consider that my weakest part of my outfit lineup but ironically it's the most essential. As always my outfit is very colourful. The post-processing saturation has been turned down though. Bonus funny pictures at the end of the album ;).Gap V-neck that has faded from a year of wear.Kohls Sonoma Shorts.Soludos (Just got em yesterday) :D
Put down the watering can before someone gets hurt!

missing neon sunglasses 
If you're going to go over the top go all the way.. I would've if i had them.
you weren't?
Hahaha I could've thrown neon chubbies into the mix but i didn't ;)
SORRY IT WAS BLOCKING THE SHOT KINDA SO I PASSIVELY MOVED IT 6 INCHES.
I don't mind colorful but it's too matchy. Everything fits well though.
I was kinda going for that though. Damn, what should i have worn then?
When I say too matchy I just mean it looks like you're trying really hard which to me is not cool. Of course we all try hard but I think it's best not to look like it. Know what I mean? Maybe you have a different philosophy though, which is fine..I would have worn white sneakers, sandals or even just a different color espadrille.
Yeah i totally understand that, i have a yellow espadrille and a blue with cool native pattern located . 
I think either would work better.
Thanks for all the advice i'll choose to wear a different pair next time, however i did get compliments on the whole look yesterday. The ladies loved how absurdly good it matched. So i mean hey. 6:1, half a dozen the other.
Yeah there's definitely a split between real life/internet stuff and what gets complimented or whatever.
But you're right, it looks kinda tacky. Even when i was taking the photos i was like mehhhh because the outfit is good but there is something missing, and like i said before my casual looks are the ones that struggle the most. I'm working on it.
I think the best approach is to go for colors that ., rather than match each other. Also, the colors of the shirt and shorts are very saturated, which is a little hard on the eyes.  If one or both colors were a little more washed out/faded, it'd be more harmonious I think..On second thought, did you play with colors in ps?
Not really, they came out of the camera funny. All i really did was add +5 or 10 contrast. The green in the shoes literally match the faded shirt perfectly and the red stripe the shorts equally as well. I thought it was cool so i gave it a shot. The colors weren't really altered at all.
Lighting is pretty bad, but you take what you can get in a stable after midnight. Shirt is a Royal Blue-ish really light cotton blend, pretty comfy in the 90+ weather. Jeans are rigid indigo, vans are off white with leather laces.
Rockin' the mini horse. 
personally, i would have gotten the mini horse in a complete dark brown, but he complements you pretty good..cool horse bro
w2c mini-horse?

color of the clarks is great
shirt flaring out looks kinda weird. is too short to tuck?
wrinkles on your face make you distinguished; wrinkles on your shirt make you lazy
nah
thanks man, they're ..
too hot to tuck.
as in brck is hot. too hot. 

$$$
Feels a bit incongruous. bottoms should have dropped crotch/billowy/silhouette shit or tee should be more fitted
I'm probably gonna post this again once I have the shirt and pants back from the tailor.
the 514s are a great fit for you.
Thanks, I would like something a little slimmer on the calves, but 511's make me look way too top heavy. I think after I lose a little more weight and by having my shirts altered I will be able to pull them off though.
try 508's maybe
just about to say this. Top is closer to a 514 fit with a 511 fit below the knee.
Very cool, I'll definitely have to try those next week on my day off. Thanks for the heads up!
I wish I had purchased grey denim sooner..Topman/N&F/Vans
this is cool man 
Love that shirt, nice pickup. Works well in the outfit, puts a little spice to a simple fit. 
Thanks! Picked it up half off and love it.
I think this works.  Pops of white in the shirt pattern, sneaks and selvedge stripe. 
Where did you get that amazing shirt?
Looks like it's only XL and 2XL left, but for a fantastic price..Topman has a lot of pretty great designs.
Androgynous as fuck. I don't know if you intended it but the top looks like a woman's top and makes you look like a women. If you're going for that style, great, but otherwise you might want to avoid wearing that. 
thanks braj

I'm down with a lot of shit but this top does look very 
uniqlo x 2.archival sweatshirt.abibas backpack.stan smiths
<olive chinos3

socks are suuuuuper out of place
i dont think the bottom works with the supreme camp.
man those legs just really unsettle me.
lol.i'm sorry to hear that. in what way are they aggravating?

like if you joined in a pickup game, i'd be worried that on any hard challenge it could just snap your legs..it's clear the pants/sock/shoe choice intentionally highlights your legs, and while i get why you might go for that, i just don't think it works here.
i like this a lot
Take out the socks and I love this fit.
top looks fine but the bottom with high cuffs and those socks looks super wack
can you expand on that? is it more the silhouette that bothers you or the pattern/coloring?.i wasn't a big fan of dm without extremely tapered pants so i decided to cuff higher to get the contrasting chunky/slimness
well for one the socks look weird and 2 its super jarring in regards to silhouette as a whole
Silhouette is great, as . also mentioned. I'm a huge fan of slim trousers into chunky shoes. I'd have gone for darker more monochrome/un-patterned socks though, a dark grey, or maybe just black. This is my more minmal/monochrome bias in wanting the silhouette to be the real emphasis as the overall effect the fit has is really great! 
i honestly think it's just that the chunky/slimness you mentioned is sort just annoying to look at. 
i just plain disagree, socks are stupid underrated, and i think that high of a cuff with those socks is amazing, points to pencilegs for trying it, and looking fabulous while doing so..edit: dude his name is pencilegs. dyslexia inc
lol are u serious

I like this, it's super clean and the drape looks really good.

what are the sweats? 
Sweats were made by me.
Is that VTB as the bottom layer? If so, how's the quality?
Yeah, the white is vtb. There quality is mesh, but its a thin white shirt so yeah. I hear their new line is thicker and better constructed.
Alright, thanks for the info. I'm looking at their stuff while it's on sale.
I'm digging this a lot. 
Thank you :) :)
Summer nights. Will this work?
I like this look a lot, that button down is super dope. I may recreate this with a chambray and a scoop neck when I go to a BBQ this Saturday.

I really like it. I need a white tanktop now.
u can always use a scoop as well
Lil' Sebastian!
Thank god Jerry didn't let him out this time..

where are shirt and pants from?
Uniqlo & Dockers

Notihng really new from me here, just wanted to try these new shorts in a fit..Also, I have a wide variety of footwear but with the nice weather I never find myself reaching for anything other than my Vans (as is probably evident).

I know this is a silly question, but I'm really digging those shoes, where'd you get them?  Are they just standard True White Vans?
I really, really dig the second fit. Those jeans look amazing. What cut is that?
Thanks a lot, they are the skinny guy in nep selvedge although they have stretched quite a bit from their initial fit (1 year old). Too bad I used them for painting last weekend :(
p cool fits except for the dress shirt. nice fades on the n&f too..Are you from Quebec? (you have something by Le31, my guess would be the shirt)
Yeah agreed, I really need to pick up some neutral ocbd's..I'm from Alberta actually, there is a Simons here and I really like the store. Their house brands (Le31, etc.) are actually of decent quality (better than H&M, Zara, Gap, etc.) and if you wait for the seasonal sales you can buy stuff ridiculously cheap.
shorts are awesome. get a white ocbd to go with it instead of a dress shirt.

I totally agree. I acutally don't own a white ocbd (top of my to buy list), so I just wanted to see how a white shirt looked with the shorts. The dress shirt/spread collar is pretty out of place here.
reposted because i posted pretty late on wednesday
Both outfits look good.  Nice fits.
Really digging that 2nd outfit!
Love that shirt. Great pairing with the maroon pants. I have the same shirt might need to steal this combo. 
shirt in first picture is amazing to me, it outlines your bodyshape superwell!
Do you have any better pictures of those adidas's? google isn't really bringing up anything for me
Looks like the Ransom Army TR Lo. They can be found for a pretty good price 
Oh wow those look sick I might grab a pair.
yup those are them! if you live in canada they can be had for 45ish after tax and shipping off the canadian adidas site. i got them 50 shipped a week ago.
How tall are you? I've been looking at uniqlo oxfords, but I'm worried they'll run long on me
5'7. theyre not the proper length for me but i don't really care that much lol (they hit right at the bottom of the crotch, instead of a couple inches higher, which would be ideal). theyre perfect in the arms though. i wear size small btw
dana lee, clark.vineyard vines, i don't know
top is very very nice. i think the laces are kind of neat, i'd keep them.
don't know about the laces (i think they look alright, but if it was me i'd take them out though) but rest of it looks really cool
what's up with dem purpa laces?
Really like this on you, that top is lush
I wouldn't say that you're short enough to require actual platforms.
Whose the broad? 
friend. She's coming to tech next year so I'll have to introduce you
dat partial hover hand
associating with vineyard vines smh bruv
ur gf is a lil basic in the style dept.i like ur wallabees tho i would wear diff laces
I'm pretty sure he said in his style interview that he's gay, so that wouldn't be his gf. 
o ok i dont follow these things that closely
i thought he was kidding bc one time he told pollen that if his (pollen) gf ever breaks up with him (pollen) then to send her his (disby) way
dats not disby thats gaang.look @ usernams plz
huhuhu
He was probably kidding about ., not being gay. 
quite the style dichotomy in that relationship
I'm not feelin the shoes
I like them, not into the laces though
They look like a three layer cake 
people usually tell me they look like marshmellows or a stack of pancakes when i wear them
I've gotten "loaves of bread" and "poundcake"
Jcrew/JCP/Supra
How do you like the J Crew Oxford? I saw one on sale the other day for $23, but it probably needed tailoring and I wasn't sure how well they hold up. Quite the markdown from $69. 
It's jcrew factory and they don't have normal shirts it's all sunwashed and secret wash bullshit which basically just means they're more wrinkled all the time. It's a fine shirt but I'm buying from uniqlo from now on. Same/better quality than jcf and don't come pre-distressed.
Dont have the shoes though :(
Sleeve roll looks big
The only way I know how to do it is .. Is there a better way?

That's the correct way, just do it thinner.
I just use the cuff as a guide for how wide to make the roll.
Then just push it up to above my elbow from there?
Yep I'll just roll a couple time then just push it above elbow to lock it in place. 
Jacket: Merc.T-shirt: ASOS.Jeans: H&M.Shoes: Nike
great fit, you look so content
saw this on SF and was wondering if you'd post here. Great fit, i agree with letigre, the blazers look great on you.
I've been wearing white t-shirts all the time lately. Love them.
Love all your fits! 
this is sick, nice colors
Thanks! Yeah I just missed MFA's WAYWT on Monday so here I am.
glad to see you still posting :)
black and white blazers are a great choice for you
Thanks, I really like them. Felt weird for a while because I hadn't worn proper runners in a few years.
 .parka in july/shitty jeans/dick ovens 
are those fakes?
Yeah 
cool shit
the groke the groke the groke the groke
:(

Still scares me ;___;
these dick ovens look flimsy as hell. .Go big or go home 
the real ones aren't exactly sturdy tbh
I don't think I'm into the super skinny jeans. I do kinda like the parka
:/
what parka that is?
It's a uniqlo one from Japan. 
They look like it, you can usually tell from the diagonal white stripe and how it meets the rubber sidewall..In fact there seems to be a difference between each shoe, the right pic has the line going all the way down and the left, steps short... 
look at the toebox
 what it's called in English?
this is wacc
lol ok
parka flare makes u look sorta bell shaped
how many times you gonna tell me that bruh
enough to make you feel bad ;)
u ain't bringing me down 

He's right though. That parka makes you look fat. And that doesn't go well with your look. 
I'm giving a presentation for work a little later today. Figured I'd better dress a tad more conservatively. I absolutely love this suit - wish there were more occasions to wear it..A few more angles here. Shoes got a fresh shine last night.
How much did that suit cost you?

~$1,100
Welp, looks like I'll need to finish business school to get that kinda wardrobe haha
I never get to wear suits, so it's nice seeing someone wearing them and wearing them well all the time.  Do you ever post what you wear casually?  A part of me likes to imagine you're in a suit 24/7.
 rocks the rancourt pennies!
Well, not today, but ya. Probably my favorite pair of shoes.
hah, what line of work are you in? It seems you're usually in suits.
Truth be told, I hardly ever wear suits. I'm usually in blazers/jackets/sports coats (whatever your terminology) along with chinos or jeans. That stuff's not . reserved for the office though - I'll wear any fit out casually too. When at work, I like to sort of...toe the line between what's permissible and not.
Oh yes - if you'd like, scroll through my comment history. I put a few casual fits up in the past two months or so..Thanks for the kind words.
 
postmans?
awesome
really nice, seconding ...how long have you had those jeans?
thank you :).i've had them since november i think? bought them a few weeks before uniqlo opened up their US online store.

Put this in my inspo album. First time I've seen color blocking that I really like 
wow, thanks man :)
this is really good. I'm lusting hard after chunky derbies right now
This is so perfect for you
thanks man :)
yupp :)
cool, i like them.i want to get some black derbies too, but idk if postmans or doc's
I really like the shirt
thanks man. i like it a lot too. lots of neat little details.
  -- .I am in the process of getting these vans based so just give me a chance. -- . (apologies for the stacks).the . years old tho. still love it. 
how tall are you? (basically how do you get that many stacks out of unbrandeds)
probably 5'6 or so
2nd is dope af
wow! thank you based god for bestowing upon us coke white vans so that we may see them become based. motivational! inspirational! wow! rare! exclusive!
TYBG
Second fit is soooooo cool. The stacks are crazy but you pull it off very well. Only thing I might nitpick is the navy-ish color of the jeans vs the black sk8 hi's. Looks a little weird, but nothing bad.
push your stacks down.get them hemmed
How'd you size the unbrandeds to get such a large amount of stacks? 
I'm by no means an expert on brands: so, what brand is that jacket?
He put it in his post, the jacket is uniqlo
uniqlo.
holy stacks
stacks on stacks on stacks
I think you have more stacks than the 
Stackin that shit like an accordion.
Took 30 pics and they all sucked..UrbanO shirt/W+H/Clae
those w+h !
They're on sale at a lot of places.  Unfortunately these are a size too big in the waist and I can't find them in my size anywhere.  I think I can get them tailored to a good enough fit though.
What are they called?
bush pants in olive
I love those pants. I could never pull them off myself, but I love them. Great colors here.
The crop of the shirt messes with the proportions a bit. Or it could be the angle of the camera.
this is a cool outfit. Those pants are great, Id suggest shortening the them about and inch or 2 inches, and rolling your sleeves.That would bring it all up to the next level
The way your pants break looks weird. Maybe cuffing would help?
Ya it would, the way they sit on these shoes is odd.
I have huge cuffs on mine. Probably gonna hem eventually but I think since these are so casual they look ok with big cuffs.
you took 30 pics in a bathroom? dedication.
protip: take pics before pooping
Yup!  Some camera app that can multi shoot pics really quick.  No amount helps with awful lighting though
shoes are weak
they look better when you can see more of the shoe.  I cuffed my pants and look better.  I think they work well here compared to other boots for what I'm going for today.
uniqlo, acne, trickers .before anyone asks where my belt is, these trousers don't have loops. 
I think this looks great without a belt. I'm in love with those shoes which continues the pattern of wanting everything that you own. Anyway, very cool.
trickers look real good.
link to those acne pants?

Nice. Thanks bud
Do you know the model name of the shoes?
clean lines man
I'm suddenly more interested in those Acne trews. I like this sort of look but I think the contrast sole isn't working great here. 
sexy, brah. 
oooh the acne trousers. i'm a fan!
Love how those trousers fit and those shoes are wearing in nicely already!.Agreed with trashpile about the white shirt - the shoe welt doesn't play well with it. Easy to play around with the elements here and get winning combinations though.
Yeah I see what you're both saying for sure. I'm gonna get some more blue shirts soon and grey pants might work better too
Very clean look. I love it..A thicker material (.) on the shirt would look better imo. The shirt you have right now is see-through. (Although maybe it's intentional because of the weather?) 
Those trickers look amazing.
they smell amazing 
If those trousers don't have loops, do you just buy them so tight on the waist that wearing them over time still keeps them snug?
Well I buy them true to size but they have a hidden built in adjusting waist band that you can make tighter if the need be
Them derbys
i think the stark white on the shirt isn't playing nicely with the welt on the shoe; not sure what i'd suggest to replace, though. i think the white + yellowish-brown might work better if the pants were a different color, though.
Gonna get grey trousers which might look better. Also a light blue shirt works really well with them and the navy pants IMO 
was gonna suggest blue but wasn't sure if that'd be too much blue
There is no such thing as too much blue
Agreed. Light blue shirt would work fine here
pancakes for legs
i kinda like it doe 
summer fit. it was cloudy. these tees are my fave..oak / acne / haerfest / apc / nonnative.also tried with my . which was all well and good but I liked the way the oak spun it differently.
The Oak hat definitely adds more to the fit in my opinion, so good choice there. It looks great overall.
I'll second that. Both fits actually do a great job of incorporating the hat, which is something I don't see often. I do like how the first hat, based on how the color looks in the pic, kind of matches with the cuff color.
a nice and clean fit. looks great.
isnt it such a good feeling to wear all your recent purchases at once
one of the best. I feel 
... Howey?
motherfucking me, i cant fucking wear caps because my head is the size of a volleyball, but if i could, i would wear a motherfucking cap like that one. i love this outfit, the cap does it all for me, and those skinny jeans with those boots, i just love it.
info on backpack? .edit: nvm got it. its the haerfest
hands down favorite fit i've seen from you
is that the limit tee?
yep.
Acne Limit tee?
an older version of that, but yeah.
Really really solid fit! Would steal it if I had money for the boots.
who surprised you in that first pic
This makes me wish I could rock hats.  This fit has a great vibe.
Those boots are really cool.
Yay, and the gold backing to that backpack makes it especially cool.Assuming that's the one with the gold backing at least 
, thanks!
Great as always.
looks cool, love the boots. Perfect cuffing on the jeans too 
those jeans fit you really really well. Are those the Petit standard?
they are. . for a couple more fit pictures. really great pair of jeans for me.
Your proportions lend to this fit a lot, the leather adds a nice accent too, great fit
u have nice lips
those boots are dope as fuck
I love .. It has a nice open, loose weave.
Bush Trousers look great on you and you wear the shirt really well
Thanks. I saw you bought that collarless SEH Kelly jacket. Looks cool as hell. How you liking it?
Really really enjoying it, it's very easy and comfortable to wear and the fabric and details are are constant source of pleasure
are you a communist now?
You look exactly like Yannis Phillipikannis from Foals now.
I really like the (new?) hair. Do you use any product or anything? 
Just rinse with water and that's it. I don't style it at all. My hair gets wavy and curly as it gets long.
luv the detail on the eg shirt
Love those bush pants.
You look like you're turning into the Simple Threads guy. Love the first and second fits.
He is my one and only real style icon even though he probably wouldn't like being called a style icon.
Indeed, I really wish he would post more. I think more than anything I gained an appreciation for high quality clothing construction through his fantastic photography. He makes a pair of Red Wing oxfords look like sex.
I like the first and second look not so much the third, but what you're doing here is a lot different from what i see on MFA in general especially with the 3rd look a vintage looking text shirt is the center of the outfit but the subtleties in the shoes and the shorts are what really support the 3rd look.  .The pants on the 2nd look are different but i like them, what made you want to buy the pants that have pockets on top of the pockets? They fit great but i'm just curious? .Also good looks on the shoes ;)
Thanks but hang out here a little longer and you'll see what I'm doing isn't really that different..As for the pants I just wanted something different than your standard chinos. I love pockets. It's a little simplistic but they add visual interest. The cloth is also an oxford weave. Never had pants with that texture. They're nice and light.

Holy hell, the detail shot on that shirt is beautiful. Pairs nicely with the OSB's. A lot of people criticize the vibram sole, but honestly, I don't think they'd work nearly as well in fits in this style without it. 
please keep growing the beard out.
You know what?  You are one of the only serious CQ's on here that I actually don't mind.  Perhaps because I have the same hat.  But whatever.  You just need slimmer cut jeans/pants, and you'll be good.
hi doc
No, I think the slimness of his pants currently fits his build perfectly.
He doesn't really need slimmer pants, actually he wears some of the most well-fitting nearly-slim pants I've ever seen.
I love you..I just wanted you to know.never change
That shirt is completely epic.  It looks even better rumpled up. 
Yeah that's a big part of what I love about it. Linen shirts too. Just all crumpled up and sloppy looking to match my disheveled head.
the fit with shorts is awesome man. loving your stuff lately.
Thx. Loved your last fit in MF too.
All of them look good. Fuck I want some Oak Streets.

I LOVE these shoes, man. Second only to my Indys. Save up and buy them. You will not regret it.
I want to so bad. I've been justifying Bean mocs as opposed to OSBs just so I can step my dress shoe game up, but they just keep calling me.
beard suits you
Beards are so polarizing. I can tell plenty of people I know hate it. It's either that or "that beard is awesome!" Nobody is indifferent to it. I walked into work the other day and hadn't seen this girl in a while and the first thing she said was "whoa don't you have a razor?"
I tend to let my beard grow until one of the partners at my office says 'woah have you always had that?'  He usually doesn't notice until it gets to an unacceptable length 
I've been going onto . a bit and they have this intense, never ever ever shave mentality. Which is definitely misplaced, especially if someone can't grow decent facial hair and looks better clean..On the other hand, I'm working at an investment banking company and the culture is so strongly anti-beard/pro-clean shaven that it makes me uncomfortable to have facial hair around here.
 is pretty silly. I expected perhaps a few articles on what kind of grooming habits and styles might match one's face; instead I found a bunch of misshapen facial hair that was . and made you le lumberjack.
Ya they are practically religious extremists in that sub. There is no such thing as too long or scraggly to them. 
if they already shrank its possible they wont anymore but you should hang dry if possible, or use the coolest temp 
I think the shirt fit is fine; maybe a little on the small side at the chest ( I get that too :/ )..It may just be this picture, but to me the pants look too small, especially at the thigh area..Also the shoes do not match the outfit, as they are too dark. A tan suede or leather shoe would have worked in my opinion. Think camp mocs / topsiders/ or maybe even bucks
The way your pants fit (wide hips, no offense... I deal with them too) and the way you've "folded" the bottoms instead of rolling them makes your bottom half look very feminine.  If you want to go with a chill beach look, I would highly recommend a 
The pants are tight and im in need of new pants. My thighs are where I carry my weight..And my girlfriend said the shoes didnt match either. I told her I was wearing a belt that matched the shoes so it was ok ;). But ill wear topsliders next time.
Gotcha good tip.
The chinos are a bit much imo. Shorts would be better.
Yeah I had shorts and they fit good but I wanted to see about this look.
Had you gone with pants or actual shorts, this outfit would be decent enough. Those inbetween-capri-things completely ruin it, however..Now, I used to dread anything ending above my knee, so I know it can be a big step, but it is a good step.
Yeah hard to find shorts to fit my body the way I like. But im working on becoming more comfortable with that.
Next time, post in the "Outfit Feedback & Fit Check", "WAYWT" or the "Simple Questions" threads.
Sorry im on my phone. Forgot to check the side bar. Being my first post here ill do that next time.
Sorry its turned sideways. American eagle white pants rolled up to 3/4 calf..Ae pinkish shirt (maybe too small). .I dont remember what the shoes are. .No socks. .And nothing on the wrist.
navy, olive,  if you really know what your doing black
Easy answer: It's worth what you're willing to pay..J. Crew puts out some solid product but you'll have to play the sales game to get the best value ratio out of them.  I usually wait around for a 40% off sale.  Even then, I stick mostly to their tee shirts, shorts, linen button downs, and sweaters.  
What I like about J Crew is the . section where they promote other smaller brands, often at lower prices than what these items were originally.  For example, if you get a Hill Side tie from any other dealer it's $10 more.  This is where J Crew is hitting it out of the park..Aside from that, they're just as gimmicky as Express or Gap stores.  Don't pay more than ~16 for shorts.  It's not a hassle to load up an entire closet of their button up shirts for less than $38 each.  Sometimes even for ~26 each if you are patient.  It doesn't take much effort to play the sale game.  All you do is skim through clearance and apply a 25-40% off code..The items that never go into clearance are items that are currently trending very hard.  Hard enough so that the . crowd buys them at full MSRP.  Those pin dot shirts that came out 8 months ago have not and likely will not hit clearance.  Same for chambrays, they rarely get into clearance(excluding those lightweight ones).  It would be stupid for J Crew to dump those shirts for $40 while people are still scrambling to pay $88 or $98..As with any other mall brand store, at J Crew you aren't getting quality proportionate to their marked up msrp.  That is an extremely rare occurrence with clothing, despite most brands throwing around the word "quality" so much.  With regards to clothing, the word quality has lost it's meaning.  Consumers will assume something is quality because manipulative marketing or pricing told them it was.
I'd say 25-30% off their full prices is about right.
J. Crew sales are nothing new.  15 years ago all my clothes were from there and it was all the same.  This is just sale time to get rid of summer stuff after all the hardcore season buyers are done with full price.  They don't want to box it up and send it off to the outlet.
I usually wait until the shirts are around $30-$40 before I buy them. Sometimes you can get really good deals and get shirts for as low as $15. I don't recommend ever paying full price for their shirts. I bought some stanton 9 inch shorts for about $20 too, so yeah I would just wait for good deals.
Well, as someone who works really close with the company I can tell you this; The sales have nothing to do with quality or actual cost/worth. The sale prices are determined by the item's "cycle, popularity, and likelihood to be purchased with other items". Units per transaction are huge for J.Crew and they know exactly which items and sales will bring in more revenue..The items you see on sale for 40% off have been in store or online for awhile (2+ weeks), and if they haven't been, then they are possibly selling under the target mark and would serve the company better by going further on sale. The fact of the matter is, every retail store sells at a large markup. The cost vs. value of each item is based directly on you, the customer. A good company will recognize the value . set (intentionally or not) on each of their items, and will either sweeten the deal when they want you to grab more, or get rid of inventory for the new line in the next season..A Note: J.Crew will begin their intro into the Fall catalogue/collection around the 22nd of this month.
I read a very interesting article on this. When the number-crunchers/marketers sit down to decide what each item should be priced, they don't even look at what the item actually cost to make. Instead, they study market forces and how much their target consumer would be willing to pay for the item.   The price that we see on the tag is essentially non-correlated with the amount it cost the retailer. This is why many times a higher price does not correlate with higher quality; the marketing team concluded that even if they price the item at 15 times what it cost to make, their target consumer will be willing to pay the price. 
[deleted]
That's basically the entire JC Penney model as well. Mark up then sale. Seriously, walk into a JC Penney sign. EVERYTHING (almost literally) has a Sale tag on it. .EDIT: Why am I being downvoted? I'm factually right. I work at Penney's as a summer job, it's . on some type of 'sale.'
Because if you've been keeping up with JCP corporate, you'd know that experience has been dated.
i downvoted you only because you complained about being downvoted
I don't mind it when I'm wrong or being controversial, I'm literally unsure what people are disagreeing about. 
If by 'dated' you mean, "That's what they have done for decades, tried stopping it, received a ton of backlash and lost revenues, and fired Wooster and Ron Johnson, and reverted back to SALESALESALES," then yes, you're right. 
It turns out that this model is, quite depressingly, a major force in getting people to come into their stores. While I would have loved for their new strategy to have worked out, in the end psychology trumps over common sense. 
The constant sales from J. Crew aren't based on quality assessment, it's from a style standpoint. Speaking plainly, J. Crew is releasing some of the most daring styles to have ever come out of the company to date, all in this one year. A year that, in all honesty, hasn't been a terribly good one for any retail market. It was just poor timing and, because of this, they are marking stuff down more frequently than ever. For a brand that has primarily relied on being a classic "not quite prep not quite modern", they've been overtly brave..But, to answer your question, no brand has ever been worth full retail.
nice try jcrew shill
Full Disclosure: I am head of menswear design at J. Crew.
busted
wheres doc hopper when you need him

that chambray shirt had an OXFORD CLOTH collar lining and SOME POLKA DOTS on the sleeve detail bro.
I'll keep it simple..Shirts - $40 (I mean button downs).T's - $10. They're soft but nothing special and tend to fall apart. You're literally paying for the name here..Polos - No comments because I've never worn a polo in my life..Shorts - $40.Pants - $50-60.Suiting - Would not recommend, there are better choices on the market and J.Crew Suiting hardly goes on sale. I personally recommend the J.Crew Factory Thompson suit for a great sub $200 suit, 100% wool and about $180 on sale..Accessories - Lol $60 for a Timex and $40 for a leather/rope bracelet..Shoes - Alden x J.Crew is one of the best things to come out of that store. Keep an eye on their shoe sales because they have some really great models. The Killshots are kind of the MFA FOTM right now. Sales come around . yearly and are generally clearance. Check your B&M..TL;DR: Don't buy it unless it's 30% off, which is their average sale amount. They make pretty high grade stuff (not quite BB) and mark the name up because preps love it. Don't buy the accessories. Their shoes are sexy.
Holy shit that's how much those T's are worth? I live near an outlet and they're consistently ~$10
The outlet is actually a completely different store and doesn't carry shirts from j crew, but rather has their own cheaper line of clothes
It's a JCrew outlet. You couldn't possibly know what store I was talking about from my comment.
No, I meant the Button Down shirts. I'd pay like $10 or less for a T from them. I don't like their T's very much.
You said "I live near an outlet"
Could you link me to your source then? I'm pretty confident it's all authentic JCrew clothing

Starving_kids, when is the J Credit shoe sale and how much do the mark down the Alden Indy boots??
They aren't included in regular sales, but a while ago (like a few months) I saw some of the sizes on clearance for like 20-30% off. Check your B&M store when there is a sale, they might get marked down further there. Pretty much those sales are sporadic.
The collaborations are always excluded from the sales and coupons, although they go on clearance once in a while.
Thx jdbee
Sometimes they actually work on collaborations---I bought some Aldens with a coupon, but lately it seems like they're better at doing the exclusions. I't says it's always worth checking, though, and . the mild coupon you get for signing up for the J.Crew email list typically works on everything.
Have to totally disagree on the suiting. Thompson is ok for a cheap suit, but Ludlow is much nicer and a great suit for the price. Cut is very modern, half canvas, and almost everyone has access to a J.Crew they can visit to try one on. .Only other suits I can think of in that price range I would recommend is Suit Supply, but they don't have many brick and mortar locations. 
See I guess it is better for people with access to a B&M but I don't even live within 2 hours of one any more. The Ludlow is definitely a huge step up from the Thompson, but the price is very hard to justify for a mid-range, OTR suit. The materials and construction are great but there's no real advantage to going with J.Crew here.
for the same price couldnt you get a suit supply.or spend a little bit more and buy a suit from The Kooples?.seems like a waste for such a big investment to me

What are you trying to say? They literally recommend Ludlows at the end of that post
Not saying anything,  just providing additional context from a reliable source
He was just posting it so people had more information. He wasn't for or against your argument 
prep: boat shoes, chino shorts, polos, etc
The obvious answer- boat shoes.
You're on a yacht; I'd personally go preppy.some nice shorts (navy, white, or salmon) with a light colored or pastel polo or linen shirt with sleeves rolled up. Wayfarers or aviators..Here's an 
Some of the stuff i had in mind 
cheaper will not be better quality. which one do you want?
Check TopMan's sites. No promises they are of much better quality but they definitely should be cheaper. Typically, typically, with topman you get what you pay for.
At that price, quality should be expected. The fabric of Express clothing can be compared to Arizona of JCP. If I could find cheaper or better quality for the same amount of money, it will be good. Luckily, my grandmother can slim down any pants that have a lower raise.
There's a lot of awful chinos at $70. Your best bet is probably Brooks Brothers Milano-cut chinos, if you're unwilling to spend much more than that.
club monaco has a range of colors in their davis slim fit. think i saw purple in their b&m location too. they're on sale for much cheaper than 70. should be 50 and 30% off on top. 
I like it.
Gap slim lived in chinos. Purple is on sale for $20 after promo code.
I have purchased two casual shirts from Filippa K. The quality is good; I think it might be better than that of APC products. But, I feel the size runs large and long to me because I am short and skinny (5'7'',125lb).
My understanding is that the quality is good, I've had my eye on . for some time now but funds have been required for more important things. I settled with the Aldo knock-offs for 1/3 of the price.  =(.Such is life.
Mmm alright thanks.  Yeah I always try to save money when I can :/  Sales and used are great though, at least for me.
Got this new blazer and as-of-yet unidentified watch today..I think the blazer fits well and I love the texture, and I will be getting a new strap for the watch
You should get a new strap for that watch.
If you're really into this, check out .. Some great stuff in there.
Allen Edmonds St. Lucias in 9.5D, willing to sell if anyone is interested(they are .5 a size too big).
. Easily my favourite item of clothing.
there doesn't seem to be anything here
U liah!
I bought a fully canvassed Samuelsohn suit for $58 shipped on ebay.  In the full spectrum of suits from Ultra high end (Brioni, Oxxford, St. Andrew) to lower end (fused Hugo Boss, Calvin Klein collection), it's pretty much in the middle, roughly on par with Corneliani, Black Fleece/Golden Fleece, or Brunello Cucinelli..Proof that ebay works.
Picked up this . - $6.And a . - $11
i think you might have overpayed at a thrift store for that stuff. still great finds and they fit you well. 
I live in a rich, white college town so the thrift stores know they have an audience. Sadly this leads to way high prices. Thrift shopping around here is more like hitting the mall but with slightly lower prices. 
I'm going to a rich white college town this fall from NYC....omfg bye bye 8$ AE Strands 
I know that feel, the salvation army in my town is way overpriced for this reason.  Only sometimes do I get lucky finding something good and then feeling like it's at a steal of a deal price.
A little late to the party but I found these this week. Both a size or so big at 11 but i couldn't pass them up for $7 a piece. The Evanstons are pretty rough but i'm hoping I can get them fixed up.

Today I went to the thrift shop for the first time. After reading threads such as this one, I had such high hopes for fantastic fashion finds...nada. I DID HOWEVER, get . for ONE dollar!
A+
Why thank you good sir!
This is all from a Goodwill in a bad neighborhood.. for $2 that looks unused (i don't even wear ties that often),  and . for $4 each.  Dolce and Gabbana (Italy), Paul Stuart (Italy), Barney's (Italy) and two Hilditch & Key (England).  .Best find of all was a . T-Shirt that I had to have.
The tie is beautiful
Just some Aldens. I flipped them for cheap, I needed money fast.
Ugh I'm so jealous of you guys. Only thing I've ever found in a thrift store is an ugly Christmas sweater
People in my small suburban town dress terribly. I've never found anything nicer than a jcrew shirt or beat-up Sebago loafers.
Idk what thrift stores you're going to, but you should be able to find more than that. Go more often!
I live in Detroit they're not that good. You're right I should probably go more though. 
Go to the salvation army in Ann Arbor, its worth the drive. 
Didnt know there was one up there. Probably has some better stuff. Thanks man. 
That's the suburbs, I people watch in my retail job and the men wear cutoff shirts or tacky graphic tees with cargo shorts or dad jeans and only athletic shoes or flip flops. But I'd think in all thrift stores there'll be a diamond in the rough so just keep diggin'!
Not nearly as nice of stuff as some of you guys have thrifted, but im pretty happy with my haul in the last few weeks. . .**note that the first two picture were with the mirror at a goofy angle making my legs look really long. Im tall, but not that tall
You should really tailor most of that, especially the pants, but pretty nice finds regardless, just not great fit.
Here are my . from earlier today. Shoes, belt and a tie for a total of about 15 bucks (90 kr.) I'm pretty satisfied.
Picked these up to flip, they're slightly to small/large for me, or not my style. .All are posted over in . 
On mobile so no pics right now but:.BB blue/white OCBD.BB red/white stripe broadcloth .Nordstrom pink OCBD .PRL pink pinpoint oxford.Some old Orvis flannel .Neiman tie, PRL tie.Black Eastland 6" moc tie boots
Are Nordstrom brand LS shirts high quality? I see them occasionally but flip through too quickly to scrutinize. 
I really liked the quality. Almost as nice fabric as BB (BB's collar roll is different, and IMO better) and better than PRL if that helps..It looks at least 5-10 years old based on branding though so I can't tell you if their stuff is at all the same as this.
Couldn't help myself from buying this tie for $1

No pics yet but I just found a world war 2 army officers peacoat in olive green. Heavy and warm and in perfect condition
This is the only photo I have right now, as I'm on my phone. .Pretty much all I know is that they're Allen Edmonds and they cost me 7 dollars. Anyone know anything else about them?
Great thrift find! Monk strap shoes are the ones my own wardrobe is missing :)
If you wear a size 7 or 8, they can be yours!
what's the chances, I do! Great find!

Cool stuff.
Btw the "winterized boat shoes" are called a moc toe work boot, and that is also the type of boot worn by indiana jones (although not that specific model).
Indiana Jones wore Alden 405s.  Which are now widely known as Alden Indy's..Let me add the Indy's are faux mocc toe, where these are actual mocc toes, which is a huge difference.
I actually knew that, but I figured going into that many specifics with someone who called them "winterized boat shoes" would just freak him out hahah.
Thank you for the information, weagleweagle :)
I've been thrifting a lot recently, really ever since I started reading MFA regularly and getting new clothes. Been pretty successful too...here are about half of my finds, the other half are all shirts and maybe I'll post those next time: .*Shoes:
....$13
. ...$5?
....$7?.*Sweaters: 
. $4
. $4
. $4
. $4
. $4
When you buy boat shoes, or shoes in general, from the thrift store, do you throw them in the washer and dryer? Because it won't be sanitary to just wear it, right? Especilally with boat shoes, no socks. What should you do? I wanted to know. New to this thrift shopping ordeal. 
I just washed the outside by hand to clean them up a little and washed the inside with a little baking soda
Throw 'em in the freezer.
I know that the cold gets rid of bacteria, but wouldn't it also possibly stink up your freezer?
The bacteria is what makes it smell, so it should completely kill the odor. 
Yeah. I guess so.
That all depends on your comfort level, for clothes most would say a wash/dry or dry cleaning. But for shoes reconditioning the outside and something to disinfect the inside, alcohol rub, Lysol etc. 
Thanks man
I recommend against alcohol or lysol. Use something more gentle - warm water and white vinegar, and an anti-fungal spray.
 pair of white adidas shoes i found for 25 cents.
Good yard work shoes I suppose.Edit: I think they look poofy and dislike the holes going up the side. Sorry not sorry.Edit 2: Deleting my other comments below as they don't offer any good insight and aren't beneficial to the thread. Cheers. 
[deleted]
[deleted]
stan smiths are an integral part of mfa uniform 3.0..this is like insulting CDBs in 2011.
CP's substitute for those of us who aren't rich..they're leather, they're my size (13)..don't be a douchebag, not all of us wear fucking Tassel loafers on a day to day basis
You wear size 13 and you're 14 years old?  God help your wallet in 10 years. 
just ignore him stan smiths are cool
it's okay big feet, big......socks
[deleted]
huh, that's strange, your "Thrift Finds Thread" post 
[deleted]
strange coincidence how you only bought the dress shoes in YOUR size....
[deleted]
dude, just stop.
Something I've been looking for for a while, a ., this one cable-knit. It's cotton, and from the Gap, but should do for now..A slim-fit blue/white . from BB - wearing it today (with that delightful BB .).., .. Both need a little cleaning up but should be on fmf B&S Thursday..Edit; also picked up a sport coat on the way home, how about that?
Jeez, what thrift store are you going to?
Are those nashuas? Because I did the same thing to my pair.
Nottinghams, but yeah, same idea. Previous owner cut off the kiltie & tassels. Could use them as Venetians or relace them and call 'em camp mocs.
I am stuck in that middle ground right now, not sure which way I want to go
Lace em for summer, unlace for winter.
*.* 
crap. I'm subscribed to it and I can't even remember the name. 
Brand new 
Did you put on those laces? I've been looking for a pair identical to that and can't find any at local shoe repair shops 
Those are beautiful! I have the same ones in the brick color
No, they came with the shoes. My only gripe with them is that they are very difficult to move and form, so tying them makes the shoes fit a lot less tight than I like.
Good to know. I was going to pick up a pair of vans just like those and wanted those laces for them. I can live with them not tying properly 
wow. are those brand new?
yeah. At the thrift store I go to, it's a small church owned store and they have a section dedicated just to vans. The pricing was sizes 1-6 $7, 6.5-9  at $10, 9.5+ at $15. I'm a size 8.5 and it was half off day for shoes. Perfect perfect perfect.
And where is this? 
I don't think they have a chain going, but it's Father Joe's Thrift Shop in SoCal
Damn, I'm in socal, but OC area. 
Yeah, SD area
wow...i wanna go there

Alden cigar shell cordovan chukkas for $8. 
Found at my local salvation army. Not in the best shape..pics . (first time using imgur, sorry)
Anyone know how much these are worth is this used condition?
nice find!.if you're looking to sell, i'm interested :)
Holy crap.  In my size too.  How much to take them off your hands?
Nice work. They fit, or you flipping?
Flipping.  I'm only 18 and don't deserve this expensive of a shoe haha. Would I have good luck on eBay? 
I got a pair of Alden cordovan chukkas at a thrift store for $20 and put them on ebay for 350. They sold in minutes.
ebay will charge you, use sf or fmf or mf b/s/t
Conservatively, if you market it right you could easily clear $200-300. If you've never sold on eBay it could be more challenging. You could try StyleForum BST or . B&S as well. Do a little research..Size?
Looks like they say 9 1/2 B/D
For fucks sake, I give up. 
Yeah, you're right those are in pretty rough shape. Probably not worth keeping. PM me for my address, I'll take em off your hands.
Every fuckin thrift thread.
holy shit
pics or this isn't even remotely believable
Looks like it happened. I don't know why I open this thread up. I read the top comment and end up leaving pissed off.
Which I the two diner shoes do you have?
sounds like adibas
I'm not a huge fan of the design of the shoes. They are very big and bulky, and pretty ugly in my opinion. I'm sure you could do better, like with a pair of plain white Vans? 
IMHO, the smoothness and creamy beige color of the shoes wouldn't provide enough contrast to the khakis. Although, if this is something you don't mind going for, I'd say go for it. Personally I like to blend the shoes largely with my top while having a color opposite on the wheel to my pants. Although I also like to have the soles of the shoe match the pants closely but not exactly.
The link doesn't work, but hopefully it's just me.
It's a club collar. Check out express or any of your favorite clothing retailers. I'm not sure, but that's the guy from FUN?
yes. it is the guy from FUN. (Nate Ruess). And thank you.
No problem. Did you find one? (:
Not in the colour I wanted. I was looking for the really light blue that was in the picture. But I'm stopping by another store tomorrow so maybe then.
Maybe you'll see something you like? 
it's going to be difficult to find something like that in this season. herringbones are often associated with wool/tweed and are done primarily in the fall/winter fashion cycle. my gut reaction would be gant, rugby, ralph lauren or even tommy hilfiger. .i know for a fact gant rugger had a 3 piece brown tweet suit last FW, rugby (although no defunct) always had a strong collection of herringbones as well, as for RL & Tommy - they've both done similar things in the past so i guess the best bet would be to saddle up and wait for the season.
Finding any vest is a pain in the ass and they are expensive for what they are as well.  When searching on a commercial site like macys.com etc., they are hidden in with the sportcoats usually so you will have to select that category.  On eBay, they are hidden among 9000 listings for leather motorcycle or safety gear which sucks.  Ebay.co.uk is a little better as they have a waistcoat category.  As below, this isn't a good time of year to look.  My best advice would be to check out the "outdoors" types sites like Orvis and the like.
To be totally honest with you, 90 dollars isn't too expensive, especially if you love the product. I'd save for it if you don't have the money because you won't be able to find the same fit and the same quality for cheaper. 
"hey guys i like the sound of seinheiser hd800s but i only have 50$ to spend, where can i buy headphones of the same quality for cheaper? i mean they must exist right, people obviously just attach large price tags to high quality products to spite the poor"
hahaha but I just wanted to know if their were other brands. Your statement is not always true, there are loopholes, like buying your prescription glass online rather from the store saves you loads of money. 
I know calvin klien makes modal lounge shirts and pants but if you are going to wear it quite frequently the cost will probably be justified. 
you can't
lol
I use this site pretty frequently, mostly for watches and cheap sunglasses. They often have a lot of cool styles of shades for under 30 bucks. I've bought clothes from here too, some fit and some don't. But I don't see that as the sites fault, I just kind of assume not everything is going to fit correctly when you order stuff you can't try on first...
I bought one sweatshirt from it. It was nicely packaged and of good quality. I've also been lurking it for a while now because it actually has some pretty stylish clothing. Anyway, I'm not sure if I lucked out, or if the rest of stuff they sell is of good quality BUT I can tell you that buying from them is legit.
I have some shoes from there that I got from a $20 "pre-sale". It'll take a few weeks for them to send stuff from their pre-sales. Haven't bought anything else from there yet, but I think the shoes were a good deal.
Almost all of their stuff is polyester.  It's....fine for what it is, but what it is is mostly junk.
It's legit. I bought a jacket from them last fall and I love it. Literally the best windbreaker I have ever owned.
I really prefer Gilt Men over any other shopping website. Give it a try. Great deals and name brands with sales daily.
I'm currently wearing a watch I bought on there for ~$25. Not bad for the price, but nothing extravagant from my experience either.
I'm going to piggy back this and ask a different question. I was looking at . pair of pants and was wondering if the sizes were the waist or the inseam? On other . they show inseam and the waist.
lots of cool streetwear for a good discount, all legit from what I've seen. They do often carry no name brands but some of them are actually pretty cool..EDIT: Re-reading this, its more like no-reputation more than no-name
i've purchased like 3 things from them. Don't get fooled into thinking your getting the best price since I saw the exact same jacket at Urban and Nordstrom's on the sales rack for way cheaper. Also be aware that some brands (like their Goodale denim) are house brands, not real labels sold elsewhere. And lastly, make sure you know that all sales are final, meaning that they'll only give you store credit for returns.
The site works by offering sales on items before they go on sale.   Then you wait for the item to go on the sale, then they ship it to you once they receive etc.    .They will not rip you off, they have great customer service, and they will make you more than whole if you have any complaints.  I have ordered from them numerous times for misc items, such as canvas art prints, some shoes, and a few shirts.  They always come around the stated shipping period.  If you have issues, you will likely get a $10 rebate on your next order.  
I got a couple of tank top shirts from them for cheap. Mostly Wright and Ditson ones, they fit and look great. 
Some stuff is ok. Really the only things that I've gotten from here that didn't shrink a ridiculous amount was Vive Brand. They have some ok stuff
It's okay, but I guess, for every person complementing the site, someone seems to have something bad to say about it.
Use extreme caution. Never buy shoes. I would only recommend buying tee shirts..Source: I wasted so much money
I bought a watch from them last year and it works still. .The only problem is I dropped it and the glass has a huge crack down it. I didnt expect that from a 2 foot drop, but it only cost $15 so I wasnt too upset.
Really? I've pretty well only bought shoes from Jackthreads, and i've never really had any issues with them at all.
the sizes are the waist. they're all 32 in length.
Friend of mine ordered shoes, they sent him two left shoes and refused to fully refund him. 
Since I can spend very little money and get a lot of clothes that look pretty good, I use it for things like shorts and t shirts and occasional accessories.  I recently got 2 hoodies, 3 t shirts, and a pair of really nice looking straight leg corduroys and a pair of nice chambray shorts for 100 bucks.  All of them look good and fit well.
I often look at items on Jackthreads and order them where they are cheaper. I like their style, but not their prices. 
Thanks, ill look at it. And myhabit too, I hardly ever buy threads online, even if its from pacsun's online store. I like to try my stuff on, plus the girls that work that are usually pretty smokin.
Yeah, I used to buy Pacsun stuff, but going to college and needing some fraternity wear/formal/southern stuff, I started looking into Gilt. I think it's all a matter of taste, but Gilt also costs a bit extra. I think it's well worth it, though. It's about time to invest in clothes as if you buy quality, you'll have them for a long time and look amazing. Just my two cents.
Right on, I will check it out. I will need some good looking business clothes down the road for my business.
Cheers!
Sweet, yea if its 100% legit then I saved 900 sum dollars on a watch today.
No, Jackthreads is 100% legit..Search Reddit about them. 
I've bought many things off Jackthreads. Some items are great quality, some not. I've nevery tried to send anything back if I got a wrong size though, I usually only purchase things that I know will fit..The shipping can sometimes takes a while, because all the orders are collected before sending anything out (there is a good explanation on their website about why).
I have bought items that sent me the wrong size and/or the wrong color/version of the item i ordered.  They do their best to work with you.  Def be weary ordering clothes online though, make sure they would fit before you would buy.
Not to hijack the thread, but anyone use my habit? Amazon emailed me about it the other day and it seems pretty legit. Better stuff on it than jackthreads at least. 
What's that? Is it like an iOS app like JackThreads?
It's Amazon's deal site. However, while their stuff also varies brands like Jackthreads, I find it's been much higher quality. I've purchased YSL ties, Molton Brown soaps, some Eastland camp mocs, and various shirts on there. Also, since it's run by Amazon, shipping is pretty much done when you buy take gets shipped like Prime - I usually receive stuff within three days, versus Jackthreads' frustrating pre-orders. They'll still run sales on no-name brands or low-quality stuff often, like Invicta or no-name watch brands, and cheesy ugly stuff. But I've also seen John Varvatos, Raf Simons, and a lot of Gucci and Versace on there..They have a website and an iOS app too. What I like is that they'll tell you what sales are coming up and show previews so you can plan purchases and get in before they sell out of the better stuff..In short, more convenient and better stuff than Jackthreads, but the best stuff runs out quick.
Yeah I liked the selection a lot more than jack threads. Good to know they're legit. Thanks for the info! 
I've never bought stuff from there but have seen stuff being sold on myhabit at way jacked up prices, co-incidentally stuff that I'd bought cheaper from elsewhere. Your mileage may vary but I don't think it's very much cheaper.
I know . has bought some drkshdw stuff from them a few months back. You might ask him about his experience with the site.
Got some awesome made&crafted jeans from them for like 70 $.  Highly recommended. 
it's a legitimate site, the quality of the clothing has been notoriously poor for the past couple yrs. there are still some nice things sometimes if you get lucky
This is your opinion and not fact as far as I can tell.  I had one pair of pants blow out kinda early, but they were slacks so...like...that can happen....The rest of the stuff I've bought there has lasted many wears.
I think blown-out pants are always a defect - on slacks especially. I've had wool slacks last me many years.
they were cotton....I got about 25 wears out of them and then i was taking them off and pulled wrong and they blew out.  half my fault for being used to tough jeans, half weak ass shit
25 wears is really fast...
hence why I mentioned them as the outlier.
quality is not subjective
Most of the "brand names" are no name brands that no one has heard of. Uniqlo would be better than most..It's not worth it unless its a well known good brand for cheap.
on top of that a lot of their sales dont actually happen for 3-4 weeks. ie they are pre-selling shirts and making them to order so they dont loose money. shipping is also a hassle with them too, ive learned after 2 or 3 lost shipments to stay away from those membership only sale sites.
Brand whore much?
I mean, if it's shitty quality stuff, why wouldn't someone point that out? Ive heard of almost none of the brands on that site whenever I happen to check it out. The shoes are almost always corrected grain stuff with glued-on rubber soles. And a lot of their stuff looks tacky..As far as sale sites there are better ones out there with better clothes and better shipping policies.
I've never seen better prices anywhere on t-shirts that fit as well as they.  Same for hoodies.  I don't care about brand name.
MyHabit seems okay, because it's Amazon.
I wear a black wool dress coat over charcoal suit pants all the time in winter.  Looks fine.
It'd be fine.
A thousand times no. Unless it is your only option, they really don't work well together.
Probably depends a bit on the kind of coat.  If it is a suit jacket, probably best to keep it simple and not mix and match.  If you're going for a suit look, wear a suit.  
Post a picture of the jacket. 
Unless the black is bordering on grey or the charcoal is bordering on black, then the outfit should look fine.
Is there a reason for that? A charcoal sports coat works really well with black pants. Shouldn't the opposite work as well? 
Besides having seen it in action and being unimpressed, the blazer guide on the sidebar does a good job of explaining which combinations work well. Black and charcoal are among the least favored. 
Nope, they won't work. If those are your only available pants, then ditch the coat. 
Damn, is every comment in this post a karma drain?
It is . hard to mix similar hues, especially shades of gray/black. If you have matching black pants to go with the jacket, why would you need to mix and match?
My pants are currently in the dry cleaner and have to wear dress clothes to work tomorrow, but I can go without the jacket if need be. 
It works fine, unless you are talking about a suit jacket. If you are, you should specify.
I'm pretty sure that's a J.Crew model, which tells you how much I've been in the store lately. Check their website.
Used google image search on the link, found an image that said something about "The Winslow jacket", searched that, here you go..EDIT: If you're a large, there are 4 for sale on ebay right now. Prices aren't bad. Jacket looks nice.
Return for vans authentics. 
I had a pair, and they only looked good with my green feeeworld skinnies rolled up about 4 inches from my ankle. Other than that.... maybe try a light colored short like this .Id keep em for the summer :)
Thanks for the responses. I'm gonna return them and buy brownish khaki sperrys, I think. 
Sahara gets a lot of love on here. 
Thanks for the tip, ill keep an eye out for some
Thanks! Would cream shorts look alright? That's the closest I have to that color. 
If they fit good, then go for it!
Awesome, thanks. What color of shirt should I wear with that btw?
return them; boat shoe sneaker hybrids are lame
A dark denim jean of your preference. Also navy short if thats your thing"sailing"
How does . look? . 
Sorry for the quality and lighting 
Perfect
The first few scuffs are difficult to stand because they represent the loss of newness of the shoes and can look out of place because of asymmetry.
However, do not fret. Keep wearing them, and as they accumulate more scuffs, they will begin to take on some personality.
Boat shoes are leisure/casual shoes. Beat em to death man!
Like others are saying, scuffs can add character. You just have to make sure they fit the aesthetic of the outfit, instead of looking clean cut you'll want to go for more of a tousled look. 
I suppose this is more of the issue too. I'm going for the clean fraternity sort of look, if that makes sense, and I feel like scuffed up shoes aren't quite in line with that
I think that's what the issue is - I'm ridiculously finicky with the loss of newness sort of thing. Thanks for the input!
The more beat up my shoes get the more I like them. 
Thanks for the input! :)
Wear them in more.scuff them more...I find boat shoes look best when beaten around to absolute shit.
It looks like most people on this subreddit would agree!
 
Not really sure for which occasion I would wear this. However I was wondering how the jacket fit me.
Could I get a fit check on the shirt? 
This shirt too formal?
Shirt: Polo Ralph Lauren
Sweater: Massimo Dutti
Belt: Equus Leather
Jeans: Levi's 511s
Shoes: Bata
I bought a pair of .. I can still fit my hand perpendicular to my waist should I size down or is that the stretchiness at work? edit: just wanted to throw out there that I'm wearing an undershirt and that size is super comfy for me.. was an impulse purchase but not sure if I should return it or not.
That hoodie is pretty dope. I'd hang onto it.
Tee is too small.
Shorts look good but based on the bunching at the arms and shoulders I think the shirt may be a tad small
Thanks! It's an undershirt anyway so I actually like it that tight!
Where is that hoodie from?
Levi's had it on sale. It's double zipper though, I didn't notice it till I got it.
Oh well it looks really nice
Return the hoodie
Why?
Don't listen to him. Keep it.
looks really boxxy to me - your choice
Not too formal, but I can clearly see the black t-shirt underneath it.  I think the colors are too close as well.  Good fit though.
yeah i won't be wearing the black shirt underneath was just too lazy to change for the photo thanks for the input!
Heather grey scoop neck or v neck shirt so it doesn't show like that under your shirt or through your collar. I would do some navy shorts with that color of shirt, the colors are close and looks a little monotone. Short sleeved collared shirts are typically seen as super casual.
yeah no way I'm going to wear a black shirt underneath i was just a bit too lazy to change completely for the photo :P
Sounds good, just makes sure it's not a crew neck if you're going to button it.
Got an interview in an hour, how do I look ? . back, ., side , ., front. 
Don't forget to iron your shirt, buddy. Good luck!
your pants flare out in an unattractive manner.good luck on the interview
I think you need to do something with your hair.
For an interview, I'd go with a dress shirt. Better to go overdressed than underdressed. Even if it's for a minimum wage job, you want to make a good impression. .The polo is just a tad too loose IMO, also the back could use some ironing. 
i recommend always going a step more formal than you'd think necessary for an interview. unless the culture is pretty casual, a polo isn't enough for an interview
Is this better ? . 
A lot better. Iron your shirt and I would say tuck it in, at least for an interview. Usually you go untucked with jeans.
Yes
 .How's this for down the beach then out for a drink? Sorry for the poor picture quality.
When the undershirt shows it looks kind of sloppy. I'd suggest using a Vneck or getting rid of it all together. 
I just bought my first two tank tops last week from JCP. First pic is of the outfit I wore with it yesterday and the second is a close up of the fit of the second tank. .I've always struggled with style but I've always been afraid to ask for help, so any critiques would be greatly appreciated. Basically I'm wondering if I can wear these in public lol. They're comfortable in the summer and I think I look decent but I don't want to look like a bro/hipster/douchebag.
2nd tank is cool. i'm not a fan of the first.the shorts in the first pick don't work that well imo. too large and they have a messy hem
I dig the tanks dude, they're pretty nice. Don't wear them with Jorts though, thats never really a good look.
I think the tank is ok but maybe a little long and most would advise against the large branding on the DC one. The jean shorts could be substituted for something shorter, not too much above the knee but at the knee or just brushing the top of it, either some . like these or if you like the jean short look some . like these. Not too slim for most and not too short either. Can't really tell what your shoes are but some . in a lighter neutral color would look better than the black ones you have here. 
I love all your suggestions, the major problem I have with shorts and pants is finding them in my size. I have a size 28 waist and I don't know if they just don't make them that small or if they sell out too quickly but even online it can be a struggle to find. But I really, really love those shoes. And thanks for the advice! It's greatly appreciated.
We are in the same boat, I get my shorts from H&M, last time I was there they had 3-4 different shorts in various cuts. Uniqlo also has shorts for slimmer waisted guys but I personally haven't tried them. Levi's can be inconsistent sometimes in their sizing so make sure you read the reviews. I've tried on two different pairs of pants both labeled 28 with them fitting pretty differently, one fitting more like a 29-30 and the other fitting like a 26-27. If you have a shorter inseam that makes it a little easier as well for pants. I'm a 28x32/34 and most don't places don't carry a waist that small with an inseam that large, unless you get into raw denim.
shop online. do you have a budget for shorts? usually 28 is easier to pick up online because it tends to be a rarer choice
Generally I like to spend under 40 on a pair of shorts. Do you know any good sites that generally carry slimmer sizes?
try catching some sales on jcrew, they should go for about ~40. uniqlo doesn't make a size 28 waist for US, otherwise i would recommend them. h&m is probably alright for sub 40
depending on your budget, nudies do all the way down (up?) to 27x36 and some of their stuff isn't raw
Yeah, I'll be picking some up for the f/w probably some Unbranded since I'm a poor college kid.
[deleted]
I think you're missing something here bud.
Haha wrong thread sorry.
Fit check on boots please? (1000mile 2nds). Superficial gash on toe shouldn't be a problem right?.They fit well width-wise (slight snug), and barely any heel slip. My only concern is the ~1" of toespace. My thumb is where my bigtoe falls. Thoughts? 
Fit check on two outfits i just thrifted..The second picture was taken at a funny angle making my legs look long, but otherwise how do you like fits of the jeans and/or the tops
Shirt looks a little large on you but not by much, you'll want to clean up the cuffs, though. The jeans are a good length but maybe a little baggy in the thighs. I'm not a fan of the two tone jacket but if you like it the fit isn't bad and shirt is good.
Posted this like three hours ago in yesterday's thread and got a couple conflicting opinions. Are the shoulders too small on this ocbd from Uniqlo? The sleeves and waist are a bit big, but the shoulders are pretty snug, I'm just not sure if its too much so. .EDIT: Tried the military tuck, as per advice in the other thread: .Obviously not gonna change the shoulders, but I think it helps a bit with the body 
yeah they're a bit too small, maybe like 0.5~1" small.personally i think its passable. but the rest of the shirt probably requires some tailoring
I'm gonna get out some measuring tape when I get home and measure the shoulders. I feel like it wasn't this small when I ordered it, though I'm usually pretty careful about watching for shrinkage..Agreed on the tailoring though, I do need to find one near me now that I'm home from school
Seems a little long, it's flaring out a lot too. Decent fit at the shoulders. 
What are some ways that I could fix the length? 
for t-shirts it's like not even worth fixing, cost of tailoring can easily be more than the cost of the shirt
[deleted]
Some brown leather wingtips would look sexy with those.
It'd be better with brown shoes.
Got this new blazer and as-of-yet unidentified watch today..I think the blazer fits well and I love the texture, and I will be getting a new strap for the watch
Fun casual blazer! Bad overall outfit as you're very top heavy color wise. Consider switching the button up to white or light blue or other light color and you might be better served.
excellent tip! this was just what i was wearing when i got home anyway so that's why it seems a little off
Try to tuck in the buttons on your collar in the sweater so that the sweater is over the base of the collar. Sorry it's not very clear I don't know how to say what I'm trying to say but maybe you understand.
Yeah, that makes sense, I'll give it a shot, thanks for the advice.
Cool...july...evening? I want one of those!
That's Switzerland for you!
Just for shits and giggles.
Can't tell a thing here I'm afraid..What colour is the suit? If black the brown shoes are absolutely a poor choice..Is this a suit or a jacket and similarly coloured trousers? It isn't clear..Jacket looks pretty tight here..What is this being worn for? Context is really important.
Can't really tell how anything fits because of your posture, lack of pose though pants might be too long.
pants may be too tight from knee down.there's a lot of creasing around the knee area (think honeycombs). this should not happen naturally with suiting wool trousers, which lack the rigidity when compared to denim/twill fabrics.
Does the t-shirt fit well enough/look good enough that I should buy several more?
looks good! I'd suggest giving the jeans a narrow cuff, so that they sit right above the boots. This will help balance out the proportion.
Thanks for the suggestion. Why do you think the proportion needs balancing out? What looks off to you?
It's not off necessarily, it will just make the lines look cleaner. Try it and see what you think, there's no "right" way, but cuffing your jeans can also make the leg look longer.
also, it's little touches or details like the cuff that take the outfit to the next level :)
It looks slightly baggy around the midsection.  The real evidence is in the side pose where it's "flaring out" in the front.  It's not really bad, but I think you could find a better-fitting shirt if you wanted to.
Yeah, I'm hoping that will go away after it goes in the dryer
Drying it on the dryer will shorten the length most likely. Beware. 
The t-shirt looks fine. Your arms seem to be extremely long for your body though. You would do well to work them out a bit to make them a little more proportionate. It would do more for you than any t-shirt, more so than for others.
Working on it. Thanks!
Hoodie looks to fit well. Don't know how the shorts are supposed to fit so I can't comment there. 
This is a pretty cool thread....
Tried a selfie and it looks awkward. Two friends of mine claimed I don't dress well so I figured I'd come here for a 3rd opinion. They're 2 of 3 ppl I've ever met who dislike my style. 
.
.
I actually wore this the other day when I visited said friend. He and his wife just had their first kid. Wore it to the hospital with a tan cloth messenger bag. I don't usually wear glasses, but I am about to go to bed. .edit - uploaded small files
hard to tell from the picture. i like the colors. don't do that thing with rolling up the sleeves, you're wearing a suit. your tie knot would look better tightened up, at the top button..cool tie.
target/levi's/jackpurcell.-`
Looks good
Not everyone likes them but I think a nice leather watch would look good to accesorize this pretty basic look. Do something about the loopy laces on your shoes and those would look good. Are those 510's 511's and what inseam? I think some stacks on the jeans would help with skinny legs. I have them too and prefer the stacked look to straight.
Hey, thanks for the reply..I would go for a watch but I really just dislike the feeling of something being around my wrist. I do have . in Sugar Maple (which has a little more subdued color in real life) though, which isn't really the same as a watch but I think it also add something to the look. I'd just prefer not to show my face so I didn't include them in the photo..Jeans are 511, 32" inseam. I don't know, I've always preferred to have them straight than stacked or cuffed but I guess I could try stacking sometime.
Nothing wrong with that, fashion is subjective and you make it work with how you like to look and what's comfortable for you. Maybe for some color you could do something like . that's not really "color" but there's other options for pocket tees.
My take one the MFA business casual.  Sorry for the pic quality, not sure how to improve on that.  
cool shoes, pants look like they fit pretty well. shirt is blousing a bit, try getting it tailored if you want to..also maybe wearing your pants a touch higher could look good
I know purple isn't really a summer color, but I've got a drumming gig . and I wanted to maintain a rocker-ish look, hence the chucks as well.
Low top chucks would be better with shorts and you should remove your undershirt or get one that's not visible.
Color is a huge factor in outfits. Wearing summer clothing in all black looks bad. No way around that. You don't really have that much of a problem but this whole outfit is just a little dull for summer. Try adding more bright saturated colors and more pastels. if you wore this a couple months later with pants it'd be great. .Also, you really should not put your hands in your pockets when you want a fit check or outfit feedback in general. It's harder to tell how the shorts/pants fit. 
Drop the undershirt, it doesn't look good and you're probably gonna be hot as hell..Hi top with shorts rarely looks good.
I hope my fit check is not too late.
I'm planning to buy a uniqlo chambray but their small size is out of stock. So my option is the medium size. Do think guys this chambray fits?

Sleeves look a . long, but it's hard to tell. It could be smaller in your shoulders too, but it looks like a good fit. I'd say keep it. 
Sweater is a tad too big and the shoes are too dressy imo.
Yeah, it fits well in the shoulders though, and luckily my seamstress told me she could take in sweaters for about $20, I'll look into that soon. I'm actually looking at the Zara Single Monkstrap, reviewed by Dappered . I'll check it out in person tomorrow, might be worth it for the summer.
Those are sick. Usually don't like monks much but haven't seen them in a casual suede.
Getting started here on MFA. Any (even harsh) feedback is welcome..  .  .  .  .Point me in the right direction?
1 - looks good, if not slightly feminine from the pants flaring a little widely at the hips.2 - shirt looks kinda small (shoulders seem high). also yes, socks and sperrys looks bad..3 - looks overall clunky for some reason. i can see you're going for looser fits to match your body type, but this one seems like you're overseeing a construction site or something..4 - shirt's too slim for your build, but I like the color scheme of this outfit.nice start! everything would be great with some minor adjustments.
I'm getting crucified for this, but I think socks and Sperrys look fine as long as less than an inch shows.
I feel the same way. I like the contrast it gives. But maybe I'm just bias because of how damned comfortable it is.
Exactly, I just feel weird/uncomfortable not wearing socks
Quadruply noted. Thank you, Mr. Poop..Do you think the shorts (#2) are too long? They're cut offs, and I was considering hemming them for a less ragged look. (You can see where I ironed them, getting ready to hem before backing out)
np! they're kinda long. your hem line looks good though. you might also be able to cuff them if you like.
Only only ONLY time to wear socks with sperrys is if theyre covered by pants. And for #3 the boots seem fine just have a little bit shorter pants. You've got a tight shirt/loose pants combo.
My first suit; go easy on me. But it is for my wedding coming up in October. I'm still going to go into a tailor and see what they think, but it feels like a pretty good fit. I think I might have the pants redone as they sit a little low and there isn't crotch room to raise them..Also, you can see the collar of the shirt sort of wants to invert and flare up rather than sit down. What is causing that? Too tight? I can get two fingers in there..Thanks for the feedback
Looks pretty good to me, maybe jacket is a little tight if anything. If you trim down just a bit it will fit fine..I am an amateur at fashion so take my advice as you will. Good luck with your wedding!
Jacket is too tight in the waist. Vest looks damn good though. Also, on the back of the jacket, make sure you take out that little white X of thread that holds the flaps together.
yea, I put (vent still sown) in the title of the picture.
I hoping to -- not much time left
Couple of things I'm not hugely keen on that I've touched on in a reply to baert but I'll mention again here..Length is too short, it really is. Suit jackets really do need a bit of length to them or they start to look a bit silly. This is especially important with the ticket pocket. Looks very cluttered in such a short jacket..Next, apologies if I offend but is this a fairly cheap suit? Only reason I ask is that the arm holes appear to be cut . low. This is generally seen on cheaper suits but this is by no means a hard and fast rule..Finally, and as I see it the biggest issue, is the way the body is cut. For most men the body is not a straight line down from arm pit to hip bone but that is how your suit is cut. Most men have their chest as the widest part, mid section as their thinnest and then waist/ hips kicking back out again. This is usually reflected in the way suits are cut but in yours it isn't.
Details on make? .Everything is a little too tight. I'm also curious as to why there's bumps and stuff everywhere. 
Indochino Essential Prince of Wales. I went to the traveling tailor when they were in Chicago.
First time attempting to tailor a shirt. . was the shirt originally. . is post tailoring. I would like your feedback on the fit of the shirt.
I'm gonna be the odd one out here and say as long as you can move natural movements freely in it then it looks fine. .The only problem I see is if you tried to button the top buttons also..Roll the sleeves, ditch the undershirt and you've got a cool casual shirt. 
Looks a little too tight to me like it's literally hugging you at every point.
I am no expert but I think it looks a lot better in the post-tailoring pic.  How much did that cost?  
4 bucks at goodwill and 4 hours learning how the hell a  sewing machine works
A decent first try but I think you may have over done it a touch in the waist area, see how there is pulling at the bottom button? Symptom of it being too tight..Shirt never really fit you in the shoulders and chest fits ok, but is more loose than the lower half of the body so looks a bit out of place..Do disagree with those who are saying it looked fine before, somewhere between the two but with an improved fit in the shoulders would be perfect.
thanks
Work is casual, but no shorts allowed.
What boots are those?
fit is executed well
Thanks! I've been worrying that the shirt is a tad too long. Been thinking about hemming it a bit.
iron would help to
If you do hem, I wouldn't do much.  I think it looks pretty good as is.
Will be getting one soon!
CDBs in beeswax.
Thanks!
Definitely iron that shirt
Yes sir! Should be getting an iron soon.
I saw something on . and the guy had a shirt hung on a hanger over two boiling pots of water. Never tried this, but its worth a shot.
Or just leave the shirt up while you shower.
That's not a bad idea. I might try that tomorrow. 
I did post this in yesterday's post today, and I think I missed any serious comments (though thanks to those who did!) so here is Mk. II!.I'm by myself here, so taking photos is difficult! . .So couple things you should know... I've been thinking about pairing this shirt with these jeans for a while, I'd be grateful to know if they work! Hair, yes I know it's not tidy, it's been sorted now, but I've had to head into work. Shirt tuck-in, yeah buttons are a mess at the bottom, only noticed when looking at these photos.
hair is cool man but the facial hair could be cleaned up - it's hard to tell if you have a goatee or are trying for a beard. i think with your hair goatee would work
just iron the collars next time and they wont flare out that much
Collar flare is a bit weird, and not feeling the colors. I would see if the shirt works better with a khaki colored chino. Also you look similar to a friend of mine that had long hair for a while, but recently decided to cut it. IMO he looks a lot better with the shorter hair, but to each their own.
Can't see the length of the shirt, so I can't tell you if it would work with jeans or not from these pictures. (Because you would want it to be untucked with jeans for sure.).Collar is throwing me off a bit, looks like one of those wide collars from the 70's almost the way it's flaring out like that. .Sleeve rolls look a bit bulky, and that belt might be a tad to narrow for those pants (but now I'm just nitpicking).
Finally got my .. Fits pretty form-fitting, and is kinda short in the length, but I know henleys are supposed to fit rather close to the body. Thoughts?
Too tight - embrace slightly looser fitting clothing if between sizes
I think it might be a size too small; the shoulder seam is sitting really high.
It's actually at the proper place on my shoulders, believe it or not. I feel like a size up would be too much, imo.
Eh black arrow is where it is red arrow is where I think it'd be best: .. Maybe move the red arrow a tad to the left but not much..Edit: looking at my own henleys and yours doesn't seem too bad I s'pose I just think henleys look better with a little muscle under to fill it out and spread the collar :/.Double edit: I don't like my initial muscle comment and I'll say that shoulder seam might be best located between the two given. I still learn as I go as does everyone else...
I would size up if I were you. It doesn't look very good that tight.
I suppose I'll try. Unfortunately it was a final sale, but I'm sure I can get a pretty good price for it.
It's not terrible. Borderline too tight.
Looks good. What are your measurements and what size is it?
It's a small...don't have my measurements off-hand, but I do know my shoulder size is ~35 (Probably doesn't help much).
IMO when it's that form fitting (I think you could go a size larger) it could work as-is as a layering piece under button downs and the like.
True, but I'm not huge into henleys as a layer piece. I think I'd prefer reselling it to fund a size up.
tfw also between s and m in these
Life is hard
yeah it's a pretty good fit for you
Something's weird with the jacket. It's definitely too short, but there's something else but I can't quite put my finger on it. Maybe the armholes are too low? I'm not sure what's going on
The button placement is a bit high.
too short? It seems to line up well with my higher thumb knuckle for a more modern fit
Combination of a few things, super low armholes for one but I think what you are seeing might be the almost complete lack of taper in a very slim fit. No V shape at all, just arms to bottom almost straight down. Might not be it but that's what looked most off to me.
"the jacket, like a good lawyer, should cover your ass"
It looks like it may be a little TOO tight now! but as long as the buttons aren't pulling (which I can't tell really), it looks good!
Thanks for the feedback.
Merona/Standard Cloth (Urban Outfitters)/Old Navy
What watch do you have?
.
Lol I gotcha. It doesn't look bad at all though
Thanks man!
looks solid.enjoy your crazy amount of sunlight
Jeans and a polo? For an interview? .Anyways, polo looks a little big. 
thrifted.j.crew.keds
shirt clashes with pants in a bad way
Watch?
Its a Nixon, but don't buy a Nixon watch, quality of the internals is shit.
Looks good 
what colors do you recommend? 
for which? I think both the pants and the shirt are fine (although the shirt looks a little short), just not together. white up top with those pants would probably be better
Too many arm accessories. .Can't tell if the pants are wonky because of your hands in the pockets, would like to see a pic without the hands in pockets. .Shirt looks good except the one roll is higher than the other and they are not equal sized. 
you dont know my bracelets, mang
I like it, very summery and casual, though I'd clean up your shirt cuffs.
thanks for the feedback
Yes socks and sperrys are always bad, especially when wearing shorts. 
looked fine before, imo
yeah i agree. looked a lot more comfortable prior to tailoring.
Jcrew shirt, Levi jacket & jeans. 
I'd say try it out unbuttoned if it works well, but that's just me. 
I think it looks cool
Upvote for chest hair.
I'm a mammoth. 
seconding the summer look comment by trashpile. The pink is quite pastel, giving it a s/s vibe. The lightwash denim is very summery but you could probably bring that down a notch with some dark warm colors. flannel shirt, cable knit sweater, etc.
I wouldn't button the jacket.  
for fall i'm not sure about the colors. very much summer, though
How the hell are we supposed to check the fit of a boot
I thought this would be the best place to ask, without making a new post. Wanted to hear other people's opinion on the extra toespace when it came to these boots. Also, to see if these were worth keeping with it's scuffs and that gash on the toe.
I think as long as they aren't slipping off your feet when tied regularly that they should be fine, and that they don't look like clown shoes when you put them on. They may be a half size or less too big but if they fit go for it. Boots are made to be worn and beat up and worked in, I think the the gash and scuffs give them character. I might go for different laces though, unless those are darker than the flask on the picture shows.
Man, I think . are the only person who can tell if they fit...like with any shoe.
Fit from a recent trip to Paris. Is the wash difference on the jacket to jean strong enough? Or does it looks too similar?.Thanks.Edit : thanks for all the feedback dawgs, quite a few have been wondering so ill list below the different pieces involved .GWG scrubbies denim jacket 
Merona OCBD
Joe Fresh Skinny Fit dark wash denim 
Sacha Workers Boot (picked these up in Amsterdam)
Don't pop the collar.
This looks awesome! I have an outfit very similar to this except with a lighter denim jacket.
The popped collar makes the style of the jacket very personal. The reason it looks "try hard" is because the other details of the outfit are very stiff and almost too fitted. For instance, you could unbutton the cuffs of the jacket sleeves, and roll the edges for a lived in look. Also, unbuttoning the second button of your shirt will help balance the stiffer elements of your outfit (i.e. pants.) I honestly think the glasses are what make the look feel a bit contrived, but thats just me. You're headed in the right direction. 
crisp af, very good
Good stuff. Everything looks like it fits really well.
What is the jacket? Dig the wash. And the jeans / shoes?
This is really good
What people consider the perfect fit is purely subjective but to my taste those jeans are just too tight to be flattering..Material is being pulled too tight in thigh area and I just don't think it suits your leg shape at all.
Dig the jacket/jeans/shoes man. Can you tell me what they all are? Having a hell of a time finding good fitting jeans since I lost some weight, a good wash denim jacket and I've been looking for basically those shoes
Thanks dude, check my op
I'm not looking to give off a pretentious look whatsoever. I feel your right in that the Oxford could be a few buttons lower, it does give a stiff image. Thanks for the feedback man, at least it's in the right direction. 
Sharp.
Where'd you get those jeans? 
Diggin the jean jackets with pink OCBDs today
really nice fit. what are the boots?
Thanks dude, check my submission. 
Not to worry, you definitely avoided the Canadian tuxedo look- the wash and style of the jacket is clearly different enough. Looks cool, good fit on everything too
add commas dude
stop it
You've successfully avoided the "Canadian Tuxedo" but I don't believe the collar on that jacket needs to be flipped up. It come across as kind of try-hard.
 are fairly close. I'm not sure if you would call the price moderate, though.
Trust me, everyone on the internet is look for these. Every MFA'er/Whovian and every 11 cosplayer . Just like everywhere else. You can sign up for an email for when they get back in stock. Good luck with that. .If you want similar boots, just google something like "11 doctor cosplay boots"  
Thanks for the help dudes.
Wasn't trying to cosplay I look nothing like Matt Smith just thought those boots looked good.
A lot of people aren't looking to cosplay. A looooootttt of people just really like those boots. I'm just saying if you google a cosplay guide they will have boots somewhere on the guide that look very similar. 
thats a pretty decent price for quality boots


Looking for a jacket/blazer like .  guy's. Also, looking for boots like those of the dude second from the right in . photo . Thanks.

Need a new messenger bag for clinical rotations (backback isn't cutting it anymore). I like this one but it's at the top limit of what I wanted to spend on a bag. Any help, alternative ideas, or insight would be appreciated.
Found a kakhi unstructured blazer from Rogue . at an even better price, would need tailoring to fit though. Is this way too low quality to consider?
Olive, Khaki, Navy
Raw Denim. That or a tablet for school. Or food. But on the raw denims, I probably would wash them every other week or so based on need so clearly I might not be cut out for denim. Though I do love how they look. Thinking ., ., or ..

 these Quoddys! Not sure if it's just because they are Quoddys and on sale or if it's because I really want them... 
Someone help me choose. - dockers alpha. - unbranded 201 chino. - epaulet rivet
German Army Trainers that don't cost $300+


Maybe instead of tossing it in the wash next time, put some salt or vinegar in with the dye so the dye sticks better. Also try to hand wash the first couple of times so the dye doesn't transfer.I'm curious as to how it looks and what size it is.  
I want a cheap crappy black slim fit ma1 that I can play around with this f/w. Any suggestions?
I already own those colors and caramel so maybe cords in like a burnt orange?
Cords are a good idea..I personally want to cop a pair of cords / chinos in a maroon / "apple" color (what they usually call it for some reason). I think that's a really great fall look.
These yellow . or maybe a pair of red 
Just found out that Red Wing Beckman's will be on sale during Nordstrom's anniversary sale. My style leans more casual than bizcaz, so I'm conflicted over choosing the plain toe. What do you think? Would the Iron Rangers be a better choice?
LL Bean Norwegian and Ragg Wool Sweaters.ElizaB Leather Man Ribbon Belt.Jack Donnelly Khakis.Murray's Toggery Nantucket Reds.Damn is it fall yet?
Olive and navy are great fall choices. 
A coat that looks similar to . but is for men and isn't $1100
Depends on how they fit you but of the three Epaulet are clearly the nicest.
Red Wing Beckman chukkas. Tried them on in a store and love them. Think they would fit my style much better than the Iron Rangers and found them more comfortable, too. Wonder if they ever go on sale. 
 jogging bottoms and . Sweatshirt
Saw teal roshe run wovens on sale, not sure if I should buy them for black/white ones instead

Where can i get shirt and jacket like this one? 
Jacket is a pointer chore coat, the shirt is a penfield kemsey shirt from fw12 so I don't know if you'll still be able to find one.
I don't think it's the chore coat. Maybe barn coat though
Can anyone identify those boots?
double stitching on and shape of toe makes me lean towards Viberg.edit: just noticed the watermark on the bottom right that says Riff, he's a well-known user on SuperDenim who wears lots of Vibergs so I'm almost certain of it now. 
not so sure about the shirt, but the jacket is made by the brand Pointer, their chore coat is the most popular.
It's this ..
, but I can't find it anywhere online in a medium or small.
If you happen to be in Canada, check out nrml. I don't know what it would be like to ship to the states though 
 
  They've been calling me for months..Edit- Problem solved.  :-)
Where can I get those boots?


don't get that
whys that?
just really tacky and not in the cool way
well i should of realized skateboard style is hated in this subreddit lol
You're awkwardly trying to force a square argument into a circular conversation
nothing about that shirt is skateboard style. The opinion of one user is not representative of an entire subreddit.
except, it is
 piece is super interesting to me, its reversible and idk why but I love it. .Also want . 
Cardigan is neat but I like the beige.
what's the material the nn is made out of?
the cardigan? Mohair 
oh sorry didn't realize the 2nd link was to nonnative also.I meant the first one
it says ripstop nylon, which i think is kinda like sateen? but waterproof i think. not too sure, even more curious about it now 
whatever it is it looks cool.is it like a sweatshirt? anorak? kind of? what would you even call it?
yah its a sweatshirt i believe, here is the actual . There are more colors and stuff 
it's technically a "windstopper" which is like a golf sweatshirt, but I guess sweatshirt, yeah.  I've found a ton of similar ones at salvation army but they all have goofy branding :(
I like the beige too, but wouldn't go with my wardrobe as well as grey or black would i think. Really open to any of them tbh 
Yeah grey is pretty solid. I'm just picturing lounging at home with the beige one, Bing Crosby style.
 or 
af1s rule
mid or low for the af1's?
I like the Jordans better for the smaller sole size.
Really all comes down to personal preference. I have 1s because i prefer a smaller sole, but I know a lot of people love to mess with the chunky aesthetic of the AF1.
mid 
This tiny Chinese girl I work with rocks . all the time.  They look so good on her.  Usually shes in tiny shorts, so that helps.
, .(t shirt). <3333333 (honestly in love w/ this one)
How the hell would you wear the DBSS one? I'm digging the NSW though.
The DBSS is fucking cool
That DBSS and MKI Heat shirt is awesome. 
MKI?  Which one?
Oh my mistake. I thought the shirt with the black U was this: 
oh right yeah, it's pretty similar but this one is NSW Pinnacle.  Guess a lot of brands thought Visvim's taped seam tees was a good idea haha
as a t shirt.  It construction shows high and small arm holes and a long torso, so the distressing will all most likely be either close to or below my belt.  It won't be that weird to wear, it'd just be a fun detail.  That or I can layer a sheer tank under it which would be fun too.
definitely overpriced like all other vis stuff so i'm waiting to for a sale
love these but they seem kinda hard to wear and not look goofy.
I got a real Japanese peasant noragi off ebay a while back after seeing some interesting layering with them and I have not yet found a good use for it except as a robe around the house. Mine's a lot longer though, and I think if hemmed it to be as short as this visvim one that it would be a bit more versatile. 
how long is it? i think a longer noragi could lead to some interesting fits with long drapey tees and cropped pants
It's way longer, almost to my knees. You might be right, I should try some different things to make a good fit with it.
i feel like sticking it with a cream henley and some relaxed rolled olive trousers would make this already pretty foolproof.i'm mostly lost on what shoes to wear, i feel like i should be getting some geta sandals or something
nahhh, NB's would probably be solid honestly.  Or Birks or a similar cool sandal.  My idea for the bleached one was scoop tee, brown pinrolled chinos and NB 576 MIE's, but it could use a lil work.
first, it will never go on sale.  .second, the noragi's and lhamo's and whatnot will make it look like you're playing dress up (unless you're a japanese dude with a topknot).  it's definitely not worth the price, since you can get something similar at a wal-mart.  seriously.  you'll look goofy irl.
you could argue that point from both sides though. what difference does gn or mori or whatever else styles make it look like you're not playing dress up? to someone who doesn't understand or acknowledge the aesthetic, sure, such appearances will be off putting. but people who do appreciate the look obviously will understand where it's coming from. I definitely agree its not worth it at full price though.thanks for the heads up on the sales notice though
if you mean the whole "japanese peasant farmer" aesthetic, then sure.  but it's gonna look really out of place, especially if you're a skinny white guy (i have no idea what you look like)..if you still want to look like white-hiroki or whatnot, there are tons of other options to explore at way cheaper price points.  plus, the only really consistent on point stuff hiroki's put out is basically footwear and outerwear.  the rest of the stuff is over-priced coachella hype shit.  
would love to add armor to this and rip around on a vintage triumph.
Still wanting Allen Edmonds Norwich shoe in shell cordovan.  I'll probably get it for myself around Christmas, funds permitting.
What do you guys think of these .?.I know Strand and Park Avenue is MFA approved, but I wanted something more minimalistic, and a little more formal.
For some reason I never like the look of burnished toes on leather shoes.
I'd say the open vamp probably makes those less formal than Strands or Park Avenues.
You can't get much more formal than park aves, and I think they're more minimal than the shoe you linked since it has the brogueing and burnished toe. 
Oh I see!  But does it still work with a suit?
They should. 
J.Crew x Alden Shell Boots in 8.5 E :(.Guess I can always go for a 9...I just feel icky coughing up that much cash for something that isn't . my size. Looking at the Alden x LeatherSoul ones, but those are on the TruBalance last
Some tortoiseshell Ray Ban Clubmasters
, ., and some slim olive cargoes. I'm in a fall mood.
Why the burgundy bomber? Hat's cool. 
QL 5 panel is cool, i dig it
I've wanted a bomber for a while now, and I like the details on it, plus it's relatively cheap so I can see how it works with my style before getting a more expensive one. 
I will agree that it is cheap and fairly nice looking, however why in burgundy? It comes in black...
Because burgundy is dope. 
That one isn't on sale, as far as I can tell, and I already have a black leather jacket. Plus the burgundy will work very well with what I have already.
Just a question... What outfits are you going to put the bomber in??? I can't put burgundy with any colour other than white in my head.
Besides white, I'm probably going to pair it with raw denim and a grey or light blue oxford, or a black or navy t-shirt.
I've been hungering for . for months now, and every week that goes by I get closer to just buying them. The price increased from $190 to $210 in the last few weeks. 
do you like them better than iron rangers or is it just because they're a bit cheaper?
I'm a smaller dude so the slightly more sleek toe box of the Katahdin's is appealing to me, and my Mom usually has a ton of LL Bean coupons so a bit cheaper becomes a whole lot cheaper, like when I decide to make the purchase I'm anticipating something like $80 of coupons. 
well then go for it. it's a boot that can last decades, so buy once, cry once.
wow the price on these has skyrocketed.  i remember when they were like $110 normal price and $80 on sale
Supply and demand, I guess :(
I'm pretty sure . are the exact same thing at half the price. Literally the same boot, just rebranded by LL Bean as Katahdin (and the Katahdin has a cap toe). The apaches are only $100 and with Amazon's 20% off shoe code thing you can get them for $80. That's what I did. If you're gonna spend over $200 on a boot go with 1Ks or Red Wings. Especially since you can get Red Wing Beckman's for $199 through Nordstrom's anniversary sale on the 19th.
They are but they actually don't come in my size, at least on amazon (I'm 7.5, maybe even 7 in chippewas). Yeah I'm pretty damn sure I'm going to pick up the moc toe Red Wings at the nordstrom sale, don't think I could spring for both moc toe and beckman's and the moc toe is just calling my name at $160
Red wing moc toes from Nordstrom sale.Timbuk2 messenger bag to carry college crap on a bike
Check out the other SF based bag companies. That's . and ..
Anyone here have any experience with ADYN? I'm drooling over 
why is it called a zip tee.i don't see any zippers on it
Bottom of the sides
eh it seems like all the other brands that are doing the whole 'zippers n leather n reblogs' thing, which honestly I'm growing a bit tired of by this point.  
check the sides
I'm blind sorry
It's so hot out there and yet half thw things I want are for .Oh and these even if I know everyone around me will tease me because of .And I want some damn . , looking for a better pair than this tho 
Been 'mirin . Those shoulders and armholes better fit well.
wow that looks amazing

I've got the Emerson Chino from BR and I really love them. Not sure if that's what you're looking for, but I think they're not super casual.
i want zozotown to drop to 50% off
Have you ordered off zozotown before?  I assume it's legit?.I've been eyeing a pair of Stevenson Overall Co jeans but the website confuses me.  They have a . and an . both for 30% off.  I assume the undesignated version is raw, but the size charts aren't consistent with that being true.  The "one wash" size 32 shows a larger waist than the non-designated version size 32.  Also, the size charts don't aren't consistent with Self Edge's charts.
zozotown is a major japanese reseller. one wash is raw that has been washed once. product shots for the undesignated ones look like they're also one-wash. don't be afraid of it. as to the size charts...i dunno. you'll probably have to take the plunge.
Yeah, I thought the product shots of the undesignated ones also looked like they may have been a one-wash because of the puckering and crinkling of the fabric..I'm only interested in the raw version anyway, so I guess I'll skip it.
 beautiful jacket from Brunello Cucinelli. However it costs more than my apartment does for an entire year, so I find it unlikely that I will ever own such a thing unless I win the lottery...twice.
I just want COS to make it to the US already. Could only find 

..Can anybody confirm whether this was designed by the Ovadia brothers for J Press or is Unionmade mistaken? 
j press york st is a younger "hipper" (i betcha some j press dude used that phrase) sub-brand that is, yes, designed by shimon and ariel ovadian of ovadia & sons fame
After seeing it in a thread earlier, .I've looked for a UK stockist, but so far come up empty. 
Same with me, unfortunately I can't justify the price when I have so many bags already.
all white Nike Terminators
I want.a stutterheim raincoat
and
whatever that BEAUTIFUL apc fw2013 varsity is but its not released yet oh no.also i want 3sixteen to restock their fucking shit jesus i have money set aside burning a hole in my pocket and all my other jeans are falling apart
Yeah I wanted that jacket as well when they released their fw13 lookbook a whiile back but now that I see it on the website, the sleeves look awful. Hopefully, they just fucked up the lighting.
+1 on the stutterheim. Which color are you going to get? I'm torn up between blue and green.
black
oh they finally added it to the website? .i don't even want to look at the price if its more than 800$ i can't afford it hgnngg.EDIT: I see what you mean by the sleeves looking awful. Going into the city next week. I will report my findings to you and maybe take a picture myself if you'd like. 
it's available at Nordstrom for $790
No, there's no need, there are 10 apc stores close to where i live.
oh thanks m8.seems to look a lot better on the nordstrom website though the fit seems a bit off on the model. . .if you care to take a look
christ that's beautiful.  Hope they fucked up the lighting  ~fingerscrossed~
Rather have a TOJ0 unless you think raglan sleeves are worth $350 more.
there are two of these threads....What is this. I don't even..Anyways, wants... basically my shopping list for the next couple months (sans small stuff)
I like the red wing moc toe personally. Do you know if they'll be available during the presale tomorrow? Was thinking about grabbing a pair myself.
Where do you find those 508s?
I tried them on in JC Penney first though. They're usually kind of hard to find but they're definitely there.
Yes I'm told they will be available for the sale (so I assume that means presale as well), although I'm not sure which colors. I personally love the one with the black sole (as opposed to white) and darker brown leather. Seems much more versatile.
Size down for the 508s, the waist is fucking huge
Yeah I actually tried them on a few days ago. I normally wear a 32" in j crew and a 33" in levis but these are definitely a 31" for me..For anyone else scrolling through, this man is absolutely correct.
Nike Killshots .I also want the cube world website to come back up so I can buy a non-pirated version of the game. 
I feel like im the one of the only people to not like killshots 
Is cube world not on steam?
I don't really wear mine, although they've taken on so much indigo dye that it looks like I wear them all the time. They don't even break the top 5 of my rotation.
What does your top 5 rotation consist of?
Oh, I was hoping you'd ask!.
Wolverine 1k in brown (haven't worn since May or so, but my favorite shoe and my first choice three seasons of the year).
Oak Street Bootmakers trail oxford in natural/vibram.
Nike Flyknit Trainer in black/white  (I know, hype central, sue me.).
Gyakusou Lunarglide in blue/orange/green.
Vans Canvas Authentic in grey.Rounding out my shoes are some Original Penguin PTBs in black that I wear for work, the Killshots, Bean Boots, and Adidas Adilette slides (guilty pleasure). Hoping to pick up some Danner x Tanner hikers in the fall, possibly also some darker OSB/Rancourt camp mocs as well. 
Why do want darker camp mocs? I'm thinking of getting some rancourt ones in natural. 
More natural just seems redundant since I have natural blucher mocs.
Nope. I don't like the soles on those things. 
there are versions that don't have the gumsole
I know. When people mention killshots here, it's obvious people are referring to the JCrew ones. Don't need to be pedantic. 

Thinking about maybe getting this Norse Projects jacket while its on sale for 250, 
its nice, and that's a pretty decent price
Black suede lebron 10s, they'll be my first pair since the lebron 8s.
I always hear people say that they desire a designer suit (such as Tom Ford), whereas, you would be much better off spending that money (perhaps even less) on getting something bespoke. Always going to be better quality and a better fit. Plus you can express yourself.
Isn't bespoke inherently not always going to be better quality, since it depends on the tailor and how much you want to pay? I think people want a Tom Ford suit because it's a Tom Ford suit, not necessarily because of the quality. 
Exactly, that seems odd to me. I can sort of understand wanting 'brand for brand sake' clothes when it comes to casual wear, even though not always the best quality or fit. However, with a suit, I am pretty sure that 9/10 times you will be better to go bespoke. E.g. Spend the $1500 plus you would drop on a Tom Ford suit, and I bet you could get a much better bespoke/ semi-bespoke suit on Saville Row. All of my tailored suits have plenty of extra material for alterations, looks the dogs and cost under $1500. (I live in the UK, so about 1000 pounds). .Edit: Some of the wording (still not perfect, in a rush at work). On a side note, I was told by a tailor in England that the best 'off the peg' suits you could buy were from Marks and Spencer's. They are very affordable, about 150 quid for a two piece, and they knock spots of other more expensive 'designer' brands off the peg. Not sure if that is very helpful over here on stateside (I currently work in CA) but I am sure you could find an equivalent, or buy online.
If I understand correctly it's more about liking Tom Ford's design ideas/wearing a James Bond suit than about having the best quality suit for the money. It's much cooler to say you're wearing Tom Ford than to said you bought your suit for 150 quid. 
I beg to differ, I think it is much 'cooler' if you look good in a well cut suit. It doesn't matter where it came from. Plus, telling someone you are wearing a particular brand or a 'James Bond' suit is crass. 

I have these and the only place I was able to find them was on eBay. 
I've been hunting for these for months
I'd like a pair of 
really liking them.
Yeah, just not for that price lol.
no doubt.
Kelme 1959 retro footy boots... 
I would kick the fuck out of footballs with that boot.Jesus fucking christ it looks beautiful
I could only find them in black
I don't think either are actually in production, are they?
Well i found .. The website however, i cannot comment on. 
Headband, white t-shirt, short shorts and these boots..How much more classic can you get?
wow
Maison Martin Margiela 22 Men's Hand Painted Sole Shoe.Looks dope.
not practical though..want.
I strongly recommend wolverine 1000 miles for the sleeker toe box. Look on eBay/sf, I regularly see them at great prices for ~$200-250
Oh no worries, they're on my to buy list as well. The leather sole puts them in a slightly different category for me than the vibram on the katahdin's/iron rangers though. 
You can always put a commando sole on them for a few bucks, and both the leather and the construction is far above Red Wing/Katahdin. I'm actually camping right now and have been using them for hiking and the like
I'm in love with this ., but it's summer right now and a nice coat is at the bottom of my cops list.
After using messenger bags for years, and seeing some nice backpacks on MFA lately I've been craving a navy ..

That shirt is awesome! I saw the measurements on the site but would you say the shirts run large/small? Thanks! I am considering ordering it.
I really have no experience with the brand (just an admirer), so I can't say how the sizes work. I'm just here trying to justify spending $110 on a single shirt.
These ., though I've heard of some bad reviews of them. Does anyone have any experience with them?
corter utility belts to be restocked.and a really soft but cheap black leather belt
I think if you're going with J's I'd do a more recognizable colorway, but if you're going all white go with AF1's cause all white AF1 hi's are classic as fuck.
The DBSS is a Trypophobia-trigger.
idk if that's real but I gotcha
It's more than real, ..
Googled that... images give you some crazy looking results (don't do it).  I would say semi-NSFW.
yeah but so does "fifth world problems" and "birds with arms", just because it has a sub on reddit doesn't mean it's a real issue lol.  It's not a real phobia, it's some shit that the internet tried to aggregate into existence.  You can be like "yo looking at this unnatural looking picture is making me uncomfortable", but it's not a real documented phobia.
 in red/khaki 
the green and khaki look sick too
I really wish cos would give some measurements on their clothes.
i saw those too and really like them 
You can email them and they will send you measurements. It's definitely an unneeded hassle, though.
Never thought of that, thanks.
......Anyone have recommendations on alternatives?
The NF fishtail is so nice, can you buy it online anywhere? I've spend a few minutes looking and no luck.
holy shit that PL jacket is amazing.  Does it come in black tho?

fuckkkkkk, wish I wasn't broke for the next couple of months apart from small cops cause I'm moving into a new place.
cop freezes are hard du. i know how it feels.
you have to proxy it from the nanamica store
nonnative <3
NF fishtail is dope. Where can you even cop that outside of Japan 
nowhere, you have to proxy.
What . said.  Someone on eBay is proxying for $800.
holy shit
white nike blazer mid '77s with the black swoosh
Have you tried them on? I'm thinking about getting a pair (with a different swoosh) online since I can't find them nearby and the pictures make the shoe looks quite streamlined and reasonably narrow. I like this because I don't want them to be too boxy or clunky. Was that the actual case in person?
i have them and they're pretty narrow
So just a word of caution if you've never had 77 blazers before, the tongue is very flimsy with intentionally exposed foam. I didn't know that before I bought a pair and while I still like the shoes, I really hate that part of them
thanks for the tip. 
I've never seen them IRL..edit: you could ask . though, he has a pair
yes.edit: this is weekly wants, not should I buy or shouldn't I buy.I'm dumb 
Also, what do you guys think about changing the format ? I think the new ., ".", is a good idea
I like the way MF does it, combining wants and recent purchases
I don't really see the difference between that and this?
I think that its a really good idea. It not only promotes more content from each post, but it also has a better format for people who are just scrolling through the thread.
 is a p. similar one
That one is a 2-pocket. OP was looking for a ...OP: Check out a Uniqlo store if you have one near you. I could've sworn they had a grey one, but it's not coming up on their webstore.
Appreciate it, gentlemen. 
ah my bad, nice catch
Try brown shoes instead. It matches better with grey or brown pants (and so, of course, take a brown belt). Otherwize, seems nice.
Sounds fine, I'd skip the tie though. I've always considered linen sportcoats to be too casual for ties. 
I was thinking that myself - but in that case I'd probably have to go with a wool sport coat, as ties were strongly encourage for the family (including me) by the hostess :).  I'd like to avoid the wool both because I think the linen will be a cooler look in this situation and be cooler literally (warm weather expected in Pasadena this weekend!)..My thought was a skinnier tie might dress things up slightly without being too formal for a linen jacket.  Maybe I'm wrong though?
Skinny ties are definitely more casual. Maybe go for a knit? A navy knit tie might look really good given the textural play off the linen. 
Actually a navy knit tie was exactly my thought, great minds think alike haha!  That's what I think I'll go with :).
Yeah, he totally picked all that himself. He's my fashion guru now. Thanks, mate.
we have all seen this posted at least daily for two weeks. 
5th pic down - he looks like Richard Hammond.
Nah man
He really needs to get some of those pants hemmed.
can we stop posting this now its been a little stale since before it even got posted
they're a horrible shoe company.  however much you paid, it was too much.
I've had a pair before that I stopped wearing after a while, but these seemed to be much better construction with better material. The fit was good and comfortable and I really do like the color, so I'm giving the brand another shot.
black raws, khakhi salmon and maybe olive chinos, henleys plain t-shirts OCBDs
Any thoughts on shorts with high tops?
looks bad most of the time, high tops are a better f/w shoe
f/w?
fall/winter. s/s = spring/summer. live and learn
most of the websites associated with fabrixsquare make "replica" designer goods at usually pretty bad quality (there are some exceptions).  It wouldn't be too hard to recommend another brand / store based on what you want.
I don't mind if it's a replica, and I would even go for "decent" quality so long as it's not breaking after I wash it. I understand that you get better stuff when you buy designer, I just refuse to pay thousands for good-looking stuff. .Any other brand recommendations? 
i mean honestly with a lot of this stuff it will break.  and honestly I can't help you if you want knockoff stuff, or if you don't give me any specific pieces to work off of.  Fabrixsquare sells a lot of different styles, give me at least one you like.
I hear this "goth ninja" term used to describe it, which is not exactly my thing. I'm into Fabrixquare because I see it as more ethereal, heavenly, holy, mysterious, new age-y, goth-y, with draping shirts. I'm looking for affordable avante garde clothing that doesn't look too metrosexual or too alternative. I feel half of the stuff on Fabrixquare is what I'm looking for but the sizes are just ridiculously small. If they were all 1-2 sizes up I would be able to get my whole wardrobe from them. 
I mean yeah, it's a dumb phrase used to describe a myriad of different designs, gotta agree.  It'd just really help me out if you gave me an example of a specific garment so I could recommend you a brand based on that.  One thing you gotta remember though is not to dive head on into it based on one specific website.  Diversify your influences, I mean as long as they're congruent.
Cool, thanks. Some pieces that I liked were:.Bottoms:.Tops:
so honestly there aren't many companies that do biker pants like that.  It's a specific niche, which is why pants for real bikers would look like shit to people into clothes, and "biker pants" look like shit to real bikers.  Really the only brands doing them wouldn't be cheap to purchase (belstaff and balmain.  A couple of others do similar ones, but that detailing is 100% balmain), and it'd be shitty of you to buy knockoffs of them.  Not sure about the tops.  The second one is similar to things you could get from VTB and honestly the other 2 just look bad, and would on like almost all people so don't get em.  I noticed that you called VTB plain in another comment and are only linking distressed or otherwise showy items here..
"fashion" as it were is not just about wearing bright or loud or ultra cool pieces all at the same time or all the time.  I think before we jump into stuff like this, you should step back and try to find some less loud pieces.  ASOS is a good resource for stuff similar to the second top (they have really cheap plain scoop necks that people like), and zara has a lot of designer-y clothing, but nothing specific that I can think of
youre just going to end up wasting money and regretting it
Do you know of any other sites with better clothes, but that look like Fabrixquare?.Their stuff looks great and I've had such a hard time finding good-looking menswear.
all the peoples designs theyve ripped off. looking at their first couple pages i see a few givenchy tees and shorts, rick owens shorts and tees, balmain pants, a couple pyrex vision knockoffs, an mmm hat, cdg shirt, a knockoff of a 40oz hat which was originally a knockoff of givenchy (lol), some prada creepers, kva icarus, hba shirt, ect..basically they make awful "replicas" (knockoffs) of the absolute worst quality. if you look up the real pieces theyll look "too expensive" but thats what you have to do if you want to move past wearing sperrys boat shoes and uniqlo tees for the rest of your life. start saving up and message me if you want to find the originals of any of their pieces.
[deleted]
It's pure nonsense to pay the amount these people are requesting. If I was a millionaire I would still be on this site asking about interesting clothing that is also affordable. 
how is it nonsense? as a dude working minimum wage i have a few of the pieces theyve knocked off. buy used or on sale. learn to save your money. or go back to dressing like a basic bitch, its up to you. if you want designer clothes you have to play designer prices, get the fuck over it.
Hey Ganksterr.
I understand, and there is nothing to get over. I was just asking if anyone knew of an online store with affordable avante garde clothing. Your misinformed juvenile response isn't necessary.This attitude will work against you in life and already has. You can change this frustration. You would not address me this way in person, so please don't here. People will always respond better to more tactful communication. .Someone who desperately works overtime at multiple service jobs to project an air of luxury in order to overcompensate is likely living more of a "basic bitch" lifestyle according to most people. I don't do service work, I work for myself. I know how to save money. A big part of saving money is knowing how to spend it properly. .It isn't a financial matter so much as it an issue of morals. The unreasonable price of designer clothing helps prevent people who may have not spent as much time in their life chasing after money from wearing fashionable items. Even if places "knock off" these designs, and do it for other reasons, they are still helping bring fashionable items to all people at reasonable, appropriate prices. It's not necessarily always about quality, status, insecurity and/or luxury for others so much as it can be also be about self expression and creativity and freedom. I enjoy unconventional clothing because it opens possibilities up and makes more naturally unconventional people feel more comfortable, but I also remember at the end of the day the best things in life truly are free. Just like your quarter life crisis, it's a cliche for a reason. 
there is no such thing as cheap avante garde clothing. "Avant-garde represents a pushing of the boundaries of what is accepted as the norm or the status quo, primarily in the cultural realm." if avante garde clothing was cheap and affordable everyone would buy as much of it as they wanted and it would not be avante garde. dressing in fabrixquare and yesstyle is not avante garde, anyone with 100$ in their pocket can buy a shitty outfit off of there. buying shit quality fakes is not avante garde and does not look good. .every piece is affordable if you save up enough money. their prices are not unreasonable, they are entitled to charge as much as they want for their clothing. if you feel it is too much, feel free to not buy it from them and go back to wearing clarks desert boots and zara tees. stop pretending to care about fashion if you arent even willing to spend a little bit of money on it. if you enjoy the unconventional designs of rick owens, damir doma, ect. then you should pay those designers for making the designs you enjoy. how can you claim to even care about fashion if you dont consider buying clothes to be spending money "properly"?.skip coffee/eating out/whatever for the next few months and buy some handmade italian balmain pants youll be proud to wear for the next 10 years or waste your money on cheap shitty korean fakes made by starving children being paid 2 cents a day in some sweatshop in bangladesh (so much for your "morals") that will look and feel like shit for the 2 months it takes them to fall apart. up to you.
how did you not rip that guy's head off that made me mad and it wasnt even directly addressed to me
Can someone post the /fa/ graphic about yesstyle? I'm on my phone...
nah, there isn't one for fabrixsquare cause some of the people on /fa/ actually buy korean replica shit lol
yea but their fits always look bad and people call them out as fuccbois
fabrixquare is poor quality, if you want at least decent goofninja basics go to voidthebrand, they have a sale going on now.
Checked out Voidthebrand, it's a little plain. Any other ideas? Thanks a lot. 
what type of style are you searching for? are you looking for goffninja pieces or something else?
I don't have personal experience with the brand, but I know that . carries some of their stuff and provides garment measurements.
oh good, they have measurements in inches it looks like. Thanks for the assist.
yea i kinda figured that out pretty quickly. i dont really care, getting four pairs of uniqlo underwear is cheaper than getting 3 pairs of jockey underwear. the multi buy thing is kind of tricky since its placed in a way that makes it look like its cheaper but i dont think its unethical if you can do some quick math in your head.
well it sure tricks people who cant do basic math
How does it trick people? It's not like you're getting charged more for them and the multi-buy is on stuff like underwear and socks. Things you'd most likely get more than one of anyways.
many people associate higher volume purchases with slight discounts. obv uniqlo mentions nothing of the sort on the product pages but has the marketing of "multi-buy" leading people to believe they will get a 5-10% discount if they buy the pack..so if they just looked at the price they would realize that they arent getting suckered by their own preconceived notions of multi item discounts
It constantly shocks me how many people don't realize that in ALMOST all "Buy x for $y" deals, the individual price per item is just y/x. Even on one. 
I had issue with the name of this, shouldn't it be "How a suit should fit" rather than "How clothes should fit"?
Gawker network taking stuff from Reddit? I would have never imagined, they seem like good blokes only out to inform the public and propagate information, not just creating topics with original content from writers they never pay or attribute to. /sarcasm.
Very useful guide. Thank you!
saw it in kottke too.
I just saw someone advocate for pleated pants in the comments... a part of me just died inside.
Not door-to-door but close enough. Fashion Brother is watching.
A sizable portion of the website consists of direct extracts from posts in this sub. Merely saying the guide was "inspired" by the booklet here is nowhere near enough credit. .If I were a nasty bitch, I would subtly suggest that OP of the booklet see if he can sue or get some money from those buggers, who seem to have no shame in having merely rebranded the work of another, and then calling it an "inspiration".
I'd like to know who downvoted me for a . comment..Some people really need to fuck more to expel their frustration.
Pleats aren't the end of the world, they're just out of fashion right now and worn badly on most people who wear them. ., for example. It's just a very idiosyncratic wearing of them that is hard to recommend for anyone else.
I don't think those look stunning, but to each their own.
just wanted to say, that's a really awesome fitthanks for sharing.
Yeah he's a really great dresser if you're 
yeah perhaps it should say "based" and not "inspired" but im not gonna hold it against him. He put quite a bit of work into that site adding hypertext and responsiveness.
"Based" is definitely better. Asking permission is too, but no way to know if he did that..Yep, website does look good. But saying "inspired" when it's evident that portions of text have been copy-pasted is pushing it.
Well he made the website and then sent me a message saying he'd made it. He should have asked first but I don't mind too much. If it means more people read it and find it useful then i'm happy....as long as he doesn't stick an ad on it or something but he's said he won't.
You guys are right. . is a much better wording. My bad.
thanks man
Cool.
So, pleats. You get them when you iron, right? So there's side pleats and front pleats. Are they both bad? 
Pleats aren't something you get from ironing, they're actual folds of excess fabric built into the trousers..They can either be forward (facing the zipper) or reverse (facing the pockets)..You may be thinking of a crease - .. Creases are not bad - indeed they are desirable in dress trousers and trousers should frequently be pressed (. - you can press using an iron though) to restore the crease. The crease should be at the front of the trousers running up to the top of the leg.
Well derp. I feel silly. And I learnt something new. There's an upside. 
itt a lot of people confused and angry about how the Internet disseminates information. 
Was also on the front page of hacker news. Always interesting/strange comments when men's fashion comes up there. 
Ehh it happens; some people enjoy different things than we do, not a big deal in my mind. 
I believe pleats are meant for larger guys to give them more room. Thin guys wear them and wonder why they look bad.
pleats are also a good way for a guy to add volume to the hips without making the cut look loose. he might want this to affect dramatic taper in the pants, for instance.
True story. Link: 
this is fat shaming, apparently.
jesus fucking christ
ahaha thats great
oh god. more of the .when someone's wearing more than just a hoodie and jeans.
I'm with you, but you have to understand where this group is coming from when they distrust "suits." Y combinator was, in part, a way for makers to be business people. Before that it was biz guys and VCs calling a lot of the shots. Then this incubator was started to push hackers to build the business start to finish and hang onto more equity and decision making power. .As a result, people who dress up aren't really trusted. It makes you an I banker or a sales guy or a recruiter trying to steal talent from your startup. Not saying I agree, but that's the mentality.
huh, that's interesting, thanks for the insight.
What's funny is that they could apply these principals to their hoodie, jeans, and t-shirt. A fitted tee, correctly sized hoodie, and well cut jeans would be noticeably better looking. 
I think they're confusing dressing up and dressing well.
I agree
and of course, all of the nuanced points (no pleats, round toes on shoes, slimmer fits) are presented without caveats. At least on MFA you have the benefit of seeing something that bucks those rules, and then asking why that works. I guess they linked MFA, so that's something I guess.
Only once you understand the rules you can break them.
knowing the rules is not the same as knowing . the rules are there
knowing why is a part of understanding a subject?.is that what you mean?
Exactly!
The people that need to read this should probably just follow those as rules anyway so I don't think it's a big deal. 
It's not a big deal...now. What this is teaching them is a look, not style. Some of what it talks about are not universally applicable.
You think style can be taught? I think that that's something people need to figure out on their own.
I imagine you said this while putting on your fedora and straightening your pinstripe vest.
Style is taught the same way social and mathematical skills are: by presenting problems for the student to puzzle out, rather than laying out a solution for them point blank. The complexity of why different styles exist is one such class of problem. If you just tell them what to wear, they'll be stuck doing sartorial arithmetic.
You don't teach calculus and geometry at the same time as addition and subtraction.
Lol, calculus and geometry != mathematical sense. Just as dressing like some magazine told you to does not translate to style. I know plenty of people who can do arithmetic perfectly fine but falter at calculus. The smart teachers will present problems int arithmetic and geometry in a way that they'll develop the mathematical sense to get calculus when it gets there. In the same way, you can't just say "round toe = good" when you can just as easily say " round toe works better with the slimmer pants", which will lead readers to wonder what else can be out there. Oversimplification is not the same as teaching the basics.
Holy shit, the comments on that are terrible.
"Have you ever intentionally dressed like a slob?" lol
Personal fav
:|
They really are awful.."I am mentally unable to grasp the need for this thinly-veiled, vapid, conformist outlook regarding external appearances.".Sorry, but dressing well is not "conforming." If anything, our disdain for the common billowy shirt or baggy pants is unconformist. It's why MFA exists. 
I love that, because clothes are dressy, it's assumed that they are also uncomfortable..Not that I regularly lounge around in a 3 piece suit, or anything, but I like to think that because my clothes fit, they're actually more comfortable than they would be if they didn't fit.
To be a nonconformist is to conform to nonconformity. 
The "as I girl I like flip flops and think that people who dress nicely are bad people" comment was painful to read. 
Yeah, that was the worst. "I don't invest in myself and anyone who does is a loser." O... k... have fun with those cats!
I think part of it is there for girls it's so part of the cultural perception that people who dress nice are somehow shallow and materialistic that there are a lot of girls who feel the need to take a firm stance against it or something. (Sorry, it's  a bit hard for me to accurately quantify.) I think that's where the hipster thing stems from too..I remember when I was in middle school (lol, even though I wore hella abercrombie) I had this attitude of "I'm not like those girls" because Juicy Couture tracksuits were the thing to wear..So I think she might be coming from that sort of place?
Its tough to defend, but you do have to take the hacker culture into account. Basically, the idea that as an engineer you're worth exactly what you can produce and there is no need to impress people with social skills or dress or whatever..I work with some incredibly talented software engineers and you start to see this split. In one camp are the badass hackers who are straight genius but will never manage people, and that's perfect for them. Mad scientist smart..The others understand some of the more human elements of software development and will kill it as product managers one day. obviously a huge generalization, but the first group doesn't really rely on how they project themselves as much.
I AM an engineer, that's bullshit. .Some of us actually care about being presentable and attractive to women that are not a Japanese body pillow, which is . against "hacker culture"..Source: Jesus Christ, neckbeards in my lectures all throughout college, everywhere.
He's talking about two types of engineers. I don't think what you said contradicts what he said.
True. I only half read it. :P.My apologies, ., I'm not exactly sober, and I hate neckbeards. Neither of which I actually feel too sorry for, to be honest
All good dude. I'm making sweeping generalizations so obviously it won't apply to everyone.
It's always interesting to me that most of those folks . see clothes as an integral, important expression of their personality, but would never admit it.   Wearing clothes that say you don't care about clothes is communicating with fashion too.
A great point. As the designer david carson says "You can't . communicate." 
Eh, they give credit.
they give credit to reddit?
i was about to go ballistic and then saw that they gave credit. they did it right. kudos
Yea, I don't see why it's a big deal since they say they picked it up from here..
Creddit
WHY DONT WE CALL KARMA THIS?
I've often wondered that. Also, on a side note - I find myself mentioning 'sweet karma' a lot (eg. for a Facebook post) and ppl have no clue what I'm talking about. I always forget not everyone .. 
Not only that, they have an obvious link right back to reddit - don't see anything wrong. No clue why people are getting pissed.
reddit in mainstream media would lead to regulation of reddit, so as long is it remains unmentioned, its better
Because they don't have any authority on the topic like style forum our super future
Who actually is pissed about it?
I probably I misinterpreted what was the top comment when I first clicked the thread. Seemed a little angry but reading it again, I guess not.
Not pissed; just not surprised, as I said. Lifehacker will pick up anything to get pageviews, so if it's something actually useful like this then that's cool.
People like to feel Reddit is a special club you're a privileged member of, instead of one of the biggest websites on the internet.
It . our secret club...shhh... don't tell anyone!
Shhhhhhhhh...
Not surprising, since they poach most of their content from reddit. 
As a long time LifeHacker reader nothing is more true.  It's getting a little ridiculous now.  Now sometime I fee like lifehacker is simply Reddit 24 hours late with ads.
With continual requests from readers to pick the best gadget X or lifehack using Y then displaying the results.
at least they credit Reddit
You realize reddit is an aggregation tool of the Internet and that most content comes from elsewhere right..?
To those who are asking what the big deal is, because they cited Reddit as the source:.It's not a big deal, if they were to do it every now and then. But they have Reddit content almost every day (if not every day), and it gets really old. Lifehacker used to have a lot more original content, so it sucks to see that now some of their writers just lurk on Reddit and report articles from the same 1 or 2 subreddits constantly.
And it all balances out, because all of LifeHacker's content gets poached out to Pinterest etc
Which isn't really bad. If they can give something extra attention, give proper credits, and make a few bucks in the  process, I don't see a problem with that.
Exactly. They are an aggregator. Reddit (whenever externally linking to content) is an aggregator. Information gets aggregated. .It would be like the New York Times being upset that the LA Times also chose to write on President Obama. .Why some people think information should be confined to one outlet (provided proper attribution and linking is involved) is beyond me. 
One of my websites was picked up by Jalopnik (which they found on reddit). They gave full credit to the Reddit link and I got a decent influx of traffic. .I see nothing wrong with it. If I could I would shake hands with the guy at Jalopnik who wrote about my site
I hear ya. It's just a little funny to me that they are part of a company (Gawker) that has harshly criticized reddit in the past on several occasions. They also reposted the 2am chili ice soap "lifehack" unironically, so it's no real surprise that the mill isn't buzzing over there and they have to pick at everything they can get their hands on. 
Did you read those articles? I love Reddit, but Reddit deserved the criticism it received there. .It's possible to enjoy a website without believing its infallible or otherwise above any sort of criticism. 
so many places online make money off of whatever the top posts on Reddit that day were. 9gag & phillyd, im looking at you
But I like Philly d...
i love sxephil, i've been watching his videos for years now; but if you spend a lot of time on reddit youll see he uses jokes from the comments, or that people tweet at him & 70% of the time its story that was on the front page here.
And reddit was originally a site that simply linked to other sites, making ad money off them. Your point?
just saying it shows a bit about a man when he makes a news show (which i still subscribe to and watch daily, every day around 6:00 est he uploads) and most of his stories come from one source. especially when the pds used to be a way more informative experience.
Lifehacker is like a rss feed for 
To be fair, LifeProTips got it's start from Lifehacker, back when Lifehacker's quality was....better.
Are you saying Lifehacker's quality has gone down since it mostly uses stuff from reddit?
Ice soap.  Never forget.
The quality hasn't been there since Gina stepped down as editor in 2009.
It's gone since some of Gawkers' mandatory redesigns.
Yuk... I started browsing Gizmodo right before that... fell in love with it. They changed the design and I never went back.
Generally, in my opinion, shoulder seams that drop past the shoulder indicate a sweater/shirt/jacket, etc... that is too big, and in this case I think it just looks awkward. 
good call on the funky sleeveheads. It reminds me of some kind of medieval peasant garb worn by serfs.
If you can try it on, do..Too feminine is subjective, more likely it would just seem big.
Not sure what a "hipster wedding" is either but .is good news indeed..Could you define 'tight' budget? For some people tight is $500, for others it's $150 so advice givers here could use a number. 
I wasn't familiar with the term either. I'd like to keep everything under $300 - including the coat, pants, and tailoring. .I also have a thin, athletic build so slim-fit is a very good thing. 
Zara has very fitted fits and I've been able to get a few full 100% wool suits there for just over $200. 
I've considered Zara, is the quality really that much better than H&M? 
Hopefully others will chime in, at that budget:
Thanks for your advice! I hadn't considered J Crew factory before. 
Also I just remembered, in the $200 price range stuff from macy's gets recommended a lot. I've never seen any fit pics or reviews of any of their stuff but I know they have suits in a mid-grey and they carry some slim cut suits. JC Factory stuff is probably better though if it's in the budget.
I second JCF--the Thompson suit is a great cut and if you strike as soon as a deal comes out you can cop one for ~$150 (I've scored two this way). With the frequency of their emails, I'd say you stand a good chance of getting a deal before the wedding
I looked at the Thompson suit today, how is the fit? It's hard to tell but the pants appear loose in the photos. 
Fit is great! You're right that the pants are more loose in the thigh than other slim cuts, but I have a 31" waist and 27" thighs so they fit me perfectly.
Alfani Red fits on but their shoulders are typically pretty wide if you're looking at Macy's.
Well it's not a 100% replacement for a decent $500+ suit but way closer than h&m. I look incredible in the Zara fit but it might just be my body. If you're slim and tall I'd give then a long consideration. Tailoring is much more detailed than h&m for sure. 
I'm slim and average height, 5 ft. 10. Still recommended? 
I think you'll be pleased with who far your budget will go at Zara. As long as you're slim, it should fit really nice - you might need to make some slight alterations... but that applies to most suits..Post a pic of what you find!
Thank you kindly, I will definitely post a follow-up success photo!
I wish my sister would do this, she is thinking about having everyone rent a brown tux from Mens Warehouse...
That's rough, my condolences. 
I think a dark maroon tie would look best. You will complement her, but it will be subtle.
Do you own a suit or blazer that we can work with? What's your budget? Where's the wedding? What time of day? These are all important in deciding what you should wear regardless of what your date is wearing. 

light blue or white shirt, maybe a darker green tie, navy/charcoal/lighter grey suit. alternatively, just do something simple like any of the suit choices above with a darker red/maroon tie and a (not obnoxiously) green pocket square
Wear your charcoal suit, black shoes and a white shirt. Only buy something new if you absolutely need it. For your tie I'd select something that compliments your date's dress, don't try to match it exactly. Navy blue, scarlet red, and grays are your safe bets. Orange, corral or purple would be a bit more challenging. Here's three tie options priced from high to low:.A white linen pocket square would round off the look nicely. 
Pardon my ignorance as I don't dress up much these days, but I don't necessarily have to have anything on that is the same color as her dress?  I just need to match the general palate?  
Correct. You have to compliment her dress or worse-case-scenario, not clash with it. .IMO it's not a good thing if you try to match her dress perfectly (connotations of bad high school proms).
Too bad, if you had the money to splurge (or the items handy), I think a chino suit, green gingham shirt*, and black knit tie would have been a unique way to match your date.
I have a green gingham shirt but I don't know how the color works with the teal of the dress.  
they're either white bucks or plimsolls but im leaning towards bucks
They look more like plimsoles, most bucks I've seen have raised heel. 
yea fo sho, its the stitching thats throwing me off though
thanks!
I wouldnt care about matching my shoe laces with anything else Im wearing.
how red are the shoelaces? are they a bright red or more of a maroon? are the boots brown or black? if they're brown, you wear a brown belt with them, don't worry about the shoelaces; if they're black, wear a black belt. what boots are they? are they dress boots? if so, that's great for wearing with a suit, but otherwise, id just go with some sort of oxford.
shoelaces are biright red, they come with black dress shoes. They are new i only wore them once with standar black shoelaces but there was also a pair of red so i wonder do people actually wear them. 
Put them in some black boots, wear a white shirt and dark blue pants with suspenders and shave your head so you can look like an 80's neo-nazi..Your idea of how to use them doesn't sound all that bad, but I can't really think of any other outfit that red shoe laces would compliment.
yea dont wear them if you're going to wear the shoes in a formal environment
i was planning to wear it to wedding party because my girlfriend is going in red dress so I though i can wear some red also
match with like a pocket square or a maroon tie, laces would look weird m8
I nitoce that almost all of shops here have shoes in thier collections that have some sort of red elements. Like shoelaces, inside of shoe or edge of sole. In what sitiuation i can wear that kind of shoes ?
that seems much similar to a more #menswear look, which is definitely casual. its kind of hard to describe it, but if you search . and . you'll get an idea of what i mean
i don't like the stitching & punch-hole on the side.
I think they're pretty good looking, a lot of J&M shoes are reasonable quality, and it claims they're refurbishable (although usually J&M shoes that are refurbishable will also explicitly say they are goodyear welted)..But honestly, if you want something that you will beat up, I would either go with a cheaper penny loafer, or a high quality boot that can take it and come out OK.
Nope, I really don't like the stitching or the penny slot. It seems like it's trying to be too trendy with what's supposed to be a classic shoe. Not to mention, does that thing have rubber bottoms? For $197 you should be getting leather soles....There are many better J&M's at that price point. There are also even Allen Edmonds at that price point! Or you could even go the weejun route. Plus there's eBay.
I don't see anything Allen Edmonds that look remotely like these, and I picked these out because they have a combination leather/rubber sole that's repairable..I also don't want a top stitched moccasin look..I want something that's lazy.
What does this even mean? If you want a penny loafer get a penny loafer. They are what they are. This is a shoe that's trying to do too much and then charging way too much for what it's trying and failing to do.
Maybe I wasn't fully clear with my requirements.  .I want something that I can beat up reasonably bad, wear in the rain, not worry about packing overshoes with, and that will still look slightly dressier, but not formal.  I want a workhorse that goes from the office to a date reasonably easy..I'm not interested in buying specifically a penny loafer.  Otherwise, I'd head over to Rancourt or the other 4 recommended merchants and lay down the cash.  I'm looking for the compromise.
I think what you're looking for is a derby or a blucher. Get a sole saver put on and you're good to go. Although not many 'dressier' shoes will survive heavy rain.
I'd go with the weejuns..I'm a college student. Weejuns were basically the original penny loafer. they're made to be abused IMO. I wear them to my internship, with shorts, on dates, to bars, wherever. .. They're also dirt cheap.
by a cheap used suit off of Ebay. You can find 100% wool Hickey Freeman, Brooks Brothers, Hart Schaffner, Burberry for around $100 or so. Just get yourself sized up by a SA at a nearby BB. Be sure to get a measuring tape and jot down the important measurements like width across shoulders (seam to seam), length from top of collar, sleeve length from shoulder seam, width across chest (pit to pit), and width across abs (at top button of 2-button jacket). Also trouser waist & pants leg length. You want to find a suit on ebay that's either spot on or just a little larger than your measurements (not smaller).
Check what your local thrift stores have. Lots of large, pleated pants and the notched collar jackets but you can find some very workable stuff. Arms and legs are easy to hem, torso, arms and legs can be slimmed some. Tailoring a suit and pants will probably set you back $40.  Suit and pants will likely go for $10-20 at the thrift store.
get a cheap suit from somewhere like mens wearhouse, have it tailored to fit you currently, get a better suit when you're at your goal weight
I think those are pretty sweet if you had a decent outfit to match just sayin
I think they're nice but tough to pull off. 
I think they're hideous. Just my opinion. 
Everyone is so turned off by a little gator logo. Get real. 
Since i don't wear t-shirts anymore cause i don't like them, i use polos much of the time instead and i have several brands but Lacoste is my favorite since they are in a great quality and with a good fit. Other brands that i also like a Polo Ralph Lauren and Brooks Brothers.
I have to say their quality is incredible. 
I bought one 7 years ago and wore it quite regularly and there are no signs of damage..Other polos, e.g. Hilfigher, Fred Perry, Moncler (I know, I know) were not even comparable in quality.
I think they're overpriced for what they are, but that's a personal opinion..For a less expensive option look into the brooks brothers slim fits. You may need to size down but they're excellent quality. I'm seriously wearing one right now that I've worn at least once a week, probably twice, for 3 years. And it's white. Can't beat that.
Be careful about the preppy/frat boy look. Do not turn your collar up. And yes, like what the others said, avoid large logos. I would look into GAP polos. They fit well, are made well, and have no logos. 
I've had mine for years. The new slim fit line isn't as boxy either. I'm in Charleston so there isn't much a stigma attached to them, at least in my circles anyway, but I suppose your mileage may vary. 
There is a bit of stigma attatched over here but i guess it depends on region. Here people associate it with the 'Persian second hand cars salesmen' , hehe..Anyhoo, used to wear Lacoste a lot because they offer a nice fit however i upgraded to Sunspel, Cos over the past few years. The quality of the fabric is much better, they hold up shape after intensive wear and lack the kinda obnoxious crocodile branding.
frat boys don't turn their collars up, that's a stereotype I've honestly never seen. Also, GAP polos suck massively..Source: I'm in a fraternity.
Personally, I think Polo's have become a little clich, predominantly from d-bags wearing baby blue and pink with their collars popped..With that said, I still wear them golfing, and for more semi-casual situations in warm weather..If worn properly, in the right situation; I think the stigma can be avoided.
Where is your "over here"?
That's so interesting.  I love hearing about regional stigmas/prejudices because it's typically stuff that you would never think of.  I mean, worst-case scenario I would have thought that Lacoste was deeply associated with southern prep (to the point where you don't want to wear it)... but Persian car salesmen?  Lol.
There are better options for the price.  Kent Wang for instance is higher quality in every respect and cheaper unless you're getting Lacoste and a big discount..Kent Wang has low armholes on the XXL though.  Not sure about the other sizes.
I have a white one and I love it. It is big without being baggy, which I go for in regards to shirts and polos
I tried on some Lacoste polos last week, I was mostly satisfied with the fit but couldn't get past the logo on the chest. I ended up going to J. Crew and getting a couple better-fitting, non-branded polos instead. 
I personally like Lacoste polos. The slim collar really does it for me. However I always make sure to buy from their L!VE line because it's much slimmer. If you really want a nice slim polo though you should buy some Fred Perry slim fits. I'm in absolute love with my Fred Perry polos. 
I've shopped at LaCoste multiple times, but I've really never gotten what the difference between their regular and L!VE stuff was.  Care to explain?  .Also if you want some really nice fitted polos I think Polo Ralph Lauren's custom fit mesh is really great.  I also got a polo from BB that fit similarly for cheaper because it was on sale.  I was so happy!
Lacoste L!VE is their newer line. It consists of more fashion forward clothes set towards the younger audience. .That being said it's nothing TOO aggressive. I've seen anoraks and polos with a longer 3 button placket rather than the original 2 button placket. .The sizing is also different. Normal Lacoste will have a regular sizing and then a slim sizing. L!VE goes one step further than slim and is essentially super slim. 
I like them but are very expensive.
I enjoy my LaCoste polos.  I would never get any of the ones with the big logos though.  Make sure to get slim fit if you aren't a larger guy or else it'll fit like a tent.  
Take care unless you're intentionally going for a preppy, label-oriented look. Actually, I'd just avoid logos in general. But if you like Lacoste polos and they fit well, no one's going to judge you. Polos are pretty much the most acceptable piece of clothing to have a logo on..And Lacoste is the original. If there's one reason to wear a logo, that would be it..I know it sounds like I'm giving conflicting advice, but it comes down to how you feel. Do you like how it looks?
this is the best advice so far. it really matters if you're comfortable wearing said logo, when it comes to lacoste & RL i dont mind the horse or alligator. when paired with a solid fit, that aligator has been the difference between a bland outfit and an acceptable outfit.
I like 998s
The . are my favorite. I own a pair, and I love them. 
Personally, i am a fan of the 574's; with them any color really works, but my top two are definitely maroon and navy :)
Really digging the 1300s, which are like 574's but made in the US.
I would say NB 2002.
I have 1400's and they're great. Better than 574's in every way.
Also what colors of the shoe are nice?
Price range? Cause I'm recommending John Lobb bespoke
Too rich for my blood :) I'm just trying to find out if suede or calf, along with which colour would work best for a casual dub monk.
Suede is more casual than leather, and lighter colors more so than darker colors. Suede will be easier to dress down from day to day, bun more difficult to dress up. Darker leathers will be the opposite, and could look out of place with some casual outfits. 
I love my dark brown leather double monks. 
Looks great ! Very nice burnishing on the toe-cap. 

That's fine and dandy, but I'm looking for assistance to decide what type of leather and colour I should get for the shoe. 
I've got a medium-dark brown that I love. Its a great color if you plan to wear them more casually 
its definitely a more formal piece if you choose to wear one. the problem is that its easy to go full grandpacore if you're not careful.
Are you an old man, a 1940's cab driver or a hipster?
can you explain to me what a hipster is? people keep saying it and im not sure what they mean exactly
Hipster is a term co-opted for use as a meaningless pejorative in order to vaguely call someone elses authenticity into question and, by extension, claim authenticity for yourself..It serves no conversational function and imparts no information, save for indicating the opinions and preferences of the speaker..Meanwhile, a market myth has sprung up around the term, as well as a cultural bogeyman consisting of elusive white 20-somethings who wear certain clothes (but no one will agree on what), listen to certain music (no one can agree on this either), and act a certain way (youve probably sensed the pattern on your own)..You cant define what that kind of behavior or fashion or lifestyle actually is, nor will you ever be able to. Thats because you dont use hipster to describe an actual group of people, but to describe a fictional stereotype that is an outlet for literally anything that annoys you..The twist, of course, is that if it werent for your own insecurities, nothing that a hipster could do or wear would ever affect you emotionally. But you are insecure about your own authenticity - Do I wear what I wear because I want to? Do I listen to my music because I truly like it? Im certainly not like those filthy hipsters! - so you project those feelings..Suffice it to say, no one self-identifies as a hipster; the term is always applied to an Other, to separate the authentic Us from the inauthentic, ironic Them.
now thats the pasta i was looking for.
it's 2013, dude. Google dat shit
nah nah man none of that stuff means anything i want to ask real people what a hipster is not some dumb wikipedia or urban dictionary article
i doubt it, they got burned because a lot of regular people who werent really interested in fashion didnt they like their rebranding. the thing is, while a lot more people are getting interested in at least dressing better, clothes arent exactly the first thing on most people's minds. chances are it will be a while before something similar to this comes to pass again.
The majority of people have no idea who either one of them is. Even JCP's customers probably had no idea. They just knew they didn't like the new direction..Was it really great quality? I'm honestly asking b/c I didn't buy any of it.
In terms of "fast fashion" I would say it was near the top. I have OCBD's by Uniqlo, Target, JCP, and Bonobos, and in terms of construction quality (not necessarily fit) my JCP one is the best. .Edit: Also you're right that most customers would have never heard of them, but another angle is whether or not potential investors would get scared off. 
and Arnault adds another one right into his trophy case
Are you a runner? I wouldnt wear those just walking around but if your an athlete then those are pretty sweet
I don't think they are actually for running.
Wouldn't get them, doesn't take much to tear. I had pair of track spikes made from a similar material and running on a stable surface like a track without anything to knick them on, they tore in about 3 months.
The lug sole + dad jeans does not look great.  It's definitely possible to pull off the lug sole but given the jeans I'm guessing you don't have the correct overall aesthetic for it.  Something with a non-lugged sole would probably look much better.
coupled with your jeans, they're less fashion workwear and more actual workwear. you can restyle them to fit current fashions if you're so inclined, though, mostly be changing the pants to something "cooler" and getting rid of the flag (not necessary, but probably easiest).
dad jeans? 
cooler pants?
pants that are "fashionable" and also amenable to boots.
I don't think there's anything wrong with the boots. It's hard to tell how well they fit your look without seeing an entire fit, though. 

Lighter blue, baggy, shapeless, too long
no
i think you will be fine, they like customers.  The only real way to get in trouble like that is if you are buying corporate to corporate (competitor samples) and you buy large quantities and then try to return them.
They only really ban you if you return things without a receipt, and this is only really at some places. It is done to prevent buying on sale and returning full price at a different store for a profit 
My mom returns thousands worth in a year.  She has always been a returner in general even before online shopping.  But now she buys everything online and continues to return at least 50% of purchases.  I'm sure you are cool.
It is possible to be banned in such a way, but I would assume retailers are more lax about online returns because you cannot physically try them on before you buy. As long as you aren't ordering thousands of dollars worth of stuff each month and returning everything, you shouldn't have a problem.
Something like . or . or  . or . or 
6'0" 125lbs here, I love the fit of Target's Mossimo v-necks, if you're looking for even longer the longest tees I've found are Arizona Tees from JCPenney. Can't attest for the quality of the Arizona ones, but both that I mentioned are on the cheap side, around $10 less if you wait for a sale. .And looks like the Arizona ones are on sale.
I've heard good things about ., they're cut specifically for tall slim people.
rick owens
Not really looking to spend $200 on a t-shirt. Any more economically reasonable options?
To be fair, you never gave a budget
you can get them for like 70$
bro, that's 70 dollars for a t-shirt..I mean, is it even possible for that to be worth it?
why wouldnt it be possible
Not sure if you like mild graphics on your shirts, but surf/skate company Billabong makes longer skinny t-shirts. If you get the organic cotton shirts, they are nice in the summer because they are very lightweight..For reference, I'm 6'5" and I buy their large size. Usually pay $10-$20.
I have a pair of hightop white all stars..If I were to get another pair it would probably be low top (?) and blue..I'm not really familiar with all their colors, but blue seems like a pretty versatile canvas shoe color to me. Not sure that it would work with the outfit you're thinking of..I'm not exactly an expert on this either.
I got the "warm sand" colour from size? and they're really versatile. They go with pretty much anything other than similar colour trousers. 
I prefer the bushacre, though i have the lo (the .) not the boot.  I find the sole more comfortable and with better grip.  If you get the beeswax, it is the exact same leather used in the desert boots.  .Though I am surprised about the "cheaper" comment, they regularly have CDB's and bushacres for the same price at DSW.  The only real difference is the sole.  
why would you want a cheaper alternative to an ugly boot
i dnot really know how you can call CDBs ugly when they're the most basic shoe ever..@op, if you want cheaper than bushacre youre gonna get a big quality drop probably.
I don't get how people complain about Clarks. For the price they're one of the best boots out there. At least the DBs and bushacres. $60-100 for a boot that will last a decade with proper care and a resole every so often is pretty spectacular. You'd easily spend double that for any other boot of a similar or higher quality.
My pair of black suede bushacres just arrived today and they are glorious. $58 + shipping brand new from ebay. They actually feel quite a bit better than the desert boots as they don't have all the extra material around the ankles. I would highly recommend them. Others have also mentioned in other threads that the sole lasts longer than the crepe ones on DBs. Bonus on top of all that is the sole looks cleaner (the crepe sole gets dirty as all hell essentially the moment you step outside).
The main difference between the Bushacre and the regular CDB is the sole. The bushacre has a synthetic rubber sole instead of a crepe one. It's not going to be as comfortable as crepe, but will last longer and holds up better in rainy weather..Also worth noting- the beeswax bushacre seems to be a different color than the beeswax CDB, and some say that it has inferior leather. .It's really up to you. I bought a pair of bushacres because I wanted the rubber sole. It's a fine alternative to CDBs. 

How does the shirt fit? Night/date at the mall
I tried cuffing the chinos as per your advice.I could use some feedback on the shirt too, I know its wrinkly but does it fit alright?
 
Merona, American Eagle, 
switch the laces and this looks pretty good
White I assume?
I would personally prefer grey, but the problem isn't so much the color as it looks like the laces are like 8 feet long
So I know I'm a bit late, but here's mine....I'm by myself here, so taking photos is difficult! . .So couple things you should know... I've been thinking about pairing this shirt with these jeans for a while, I'd be grateful to know if they work! Hair, yes I know it's not tidy, it's been sorted now, but I've had to head into work. Shirt tuck-in, yeah buttons are a mess at the bottom, only noticed when looking at these photos.
Shirt fit looks solid, might wanna try ironing with starch to keep that collar from laying so flat. Can't see the shoes though Q_Q
Thanks, as for the starch, what would it do to the collar? I've got collar stays inserted.
Collar stays help the tips of the collar from curling or shifting oddly but starch will stiffen the entire collar, . some random picture I found of a dude who ironed his collar with starch, it will help to keep the collar standing straight up and not flay out like . (your collar doesn't look that bad but it was a fun picture). 
Looks pretty good. I've never really been a fan of dark brown pants, but I think they work here. And yeah that shirt could go with dark blue jeans and look fine. 
Solid fit, I dig the colors. As others have mentioned, collar stays will help with the issue there. I suggest picking up a pair of ., which will keep everything nice and neat.
Fit check on a few things:.First off is an ., note you've already told me that the shorts were too baggy.  I'm trying to find a brand that fits..Next up is this LaCoste ..  I would probably wear it to work with the button down in the first pic and khakis or those cargos in the picture.  Also, would sperrys work with this?  I don't own a pair of loafers and my work isn't too formal or strict on dress code.  They're fine with me wearing polos, but it gets chilly down in the basement..And finally are these shorts and polo for casual wear: .  I think the watch is a link too big and I'm getting that fixed soon.  
You could size down on the shirt and the sweater. You also shouldn't wear a polo under a sweater, if that's something you wanted to do with the both of them
Definitely wasn't planning to wear the polo with the sweater.  I just had a polo on that day and the lighting in the dressing room was better than at my house so I just took a picture with it on.  Thanks for the help!  I'm a size 3 for LaCoste and my store rarely has size 2s (a size down) so would the sweater work?  Or is it just too big?  Also, by shirt do you mean button down or polo?  Sizing down on either just leads to a helluva whole lot of pull everywhere.  The J Crew button down is literally the closest fitting shirt I've been able to find without being to tight.  Are there any other brands you would recommend for my body type if it is really just not a good fit?
I was talking about the button down. But the button down fits better than the sweater. The shirt is okay but you should really consider sizing down on the sweater if you can find a size down and compare the size 2 and 3. That red might be hard to work into a fit also.
How does it look with the pants in the picture?  I know its a bolder color, but I'm going college next year and my school colors are red so I hope I won't look too out of place.  Not really a valid excuse if its a bad mix of colors, but I'm hoping it'll make it a bit more acceptable.
They're a bit baggy and I don't really like the flap on the pockets but the color is fine.
The flap pocket was my biggest problem with them.  Thanks for your help!

I'd usually say tucked, but for some reason your body looks very disproportionate in the leftmost photo. The jeans looks better unrolled, and go with whichever shoes fit better, if they're too small/big you'll just be uncomfortable.
New blazer from J. Crew.. .Need to get it tailored for arm length, should I do anything else? I'm a bit paranoid that it is pulling at the button, but I think its minor enough that it can be fixed by moving the button over.
Looks good
I barely noticed the pulling, so its not a big deal. Just shorten the arm length and you should be fine.

you should only have one loud piece on, generally. if you're wearing loud shorts go for white or gray or an otherwise neutral colored shirt.
Light blue or white button down with some tan or brown bucks would look nice I think
Casual wear /rainy day
What's the colourway on those Janoskis?
They're the khaki/hyper red, but I wasn't feeling the red laces. I put in some white leather ones. 
Fit1 everything looks good. 
Fit2 shorts could be 2 to 3 inches shorter.
eddie bauer,eddie bauer, famous footwear.Posted in WAYWT, was advised against the casual vibe of the shoes.
Thoughts?.EDIT: Will add todays work clothes later too..
Solid fit and colors, I think. 
Thanks for the reply..I realize its conservative but for a first time fit it works for me!
I will post more casual/adventurous stuff on weekends or something.
Conservative is a good way to start, especially in a work environment. I'm in the same boat.
Out during the day, winter. Shirt is too short. .Does the scoopier neck style work with cardigans, or is crew best? What about the colour of the jeans with the colour of the cardigan? What colour shirt would be best? Would Chippewa Apache's go with this outfit?.Everything from ASOS, except for the necklace from Etsy, and the watch is a Graf Zeppelin from Pointec. 
really like the cardigan where did you get it from?

I listened to the comments on my last outfit and I bought no-show sock, untucked my shirt and changed the dark shirt for a lighter one. 
.edit: I'm looking into the sun, hence the weird face. 
This was the previous 
you pose like a jackass.
The t shirt looks a bit too small IMO. 
the lankiness doesn't help that either..However, the no-shows definitely helped alot imo
The medium size of that T-shirt was a bit too baggy, so I went with the   small size. 
I will make sure that my next T-shirt is a little bigger. 
It's not really a natural pose for me. I will try to look less like a jackass next time!
Your laces are eay too long and the shirt could be a bit smaller. Other than that it's ok.
Latecomer today, but I was hoping for a quick fit check on this Uniqlo ocbd. I think the shoulders may be too small, but I feel like if I size up, it'll end up being baggy everywhere else. What do you think? 
Does it feel too small in the shoulders? Because it looks ok to me but you don't want to be uncomfortable. If this is a regular fit you could try to size up and go with a slim fit one.
The shirt looks fine to me shoulder wise, however the sleeves and waist need help. Sleeves seem too loose. I would roll them to create a tighter look. If your going to keep it tucked, I'd use the military tuck to make a cleaner look. Personally I would go untucked on it. Props on the color though, I like it. 
It doesn't feel uncomfortable, definitely snug, but not necessarily in a bad way. When I looked at it it looked like it might be a bit too small though. This is one of their slim-fits if I remember correctly..I'll probably post this again in today's OF&FC since I was so late on this, but thanks for the input!
I think sizing up would make the sleeves way too big. The body looks like it fits ok too. Personally I wouldn't size up.
Thanks for the feedback! I actually do always have my sleeves rolled at least a couple times, I just kept them down for this shot to show how the shirt fits in terms of sleeve length and width. The waist is definitely baggy on me, you're right. The military tuck is essentially folding some fabric back at each side, right?
Essentially yes it is! If you use the reddit search feature you can easily find a guide for the technique. I would look at getting the shirt tailored if it is too baggy. Shouldn't cost you much at all
Tried it out, I think it definitely helped out a bit! 
That definitely looks a lot better.
I agree I think the shoulders are too small; maybe try a size up and tailor smaller or just try a different brand altogether.
seems it fits on the shoulders but maybe a bit long?  If so, not by much, and it still looks good to me.
Do you think I could solve it by the simple pinch and pin?
Yeah, and it doesn't take away from your look much, just a nitpicky thing
Shirt looks like it fits ok but it could be slimmer. What I don't like is how sees through it is.
what do you think about the roll on the pants?
well that may be due to my lack of undershirt. whoops
Maybe a bit high but it looks fine.
Just got a Levi's Trucker jacket in Slim Small. I feel like the sleeves are too long and I'm not sure what to do about it since everything else feels like it fits perfectly...
Yeah the sleeves are too long and it looks like the shoulders are too wide. The body length looks okay, though, so I'm not sure why the shoulders and arms are off like that. Maybe just try a different brand/style?
Blah, any recommendations? I jumped on these because they were only $35 on sale from Levi's. The sleeve length is actually the perfect right length once I adjust the shoulders... Any cheap way to just fix the shoulders?.I'm going to go return them in store though so maybe I can see if I can exchange for one that fits better?
Fit is good. I could go for some navy plimsolls here. Maybe espadrilles if you rolled the pants. Shoes are really up to personal preference though and yours would look much better with some proper length white laces. The shoes are fine for while you develop a sense of what you want to look like and decide on your personal style. Great start. 
Zara Independence Day themed suit. BR blue suede bluchers.
jacket is too long in sleeves and body.trousers are also too long
Trousers I'm aware of, but for the jacket, how much shorter would you make the sleeves and body?
your right hand if you notice has no shirt cuff showing (your jacket is hitting past the point where the shirt should hit). i'd bring it in so its around the knob of your wrist. your shirt should hit where your hand begins to widen (this obviously has some tolerance because not everyone is the same). this will give you about 0.25~0.5" of shirt showing past the cuff when the arm is at rest.as for the length, it might just be the angle the picture is at. but lengthwise for a trendier fit the length probably is best around halfway down your butt. for a more conservative fit, it should . cover your butt.
Maybe unbutton one more button on the shirt. Also your shoelaces look obnoxiously long. Other than everything fits well. 
What do you guys think?.Something random 
Overall, you look fine to me. The cuffs on your pants look weird to me, though. Like, they just look misshapen.
is that last one a joke fit?
somewhat. was trying to go for a "sartorial superman"
my thoughts exactly haha.
i have no idea what that means but this outfit isn't working, i honestly though you had a washcloth or something draped around your neck.jeans also seem too roomy in the thigh
could you please explain what you mean by "roomy in the thigh," is that for both pics?
just looks like there's a lot of bagginess in the thigh, however if that's the same jean in the other fits it looks better there, so i guess it's a weird angle/pic
could it be from putting my hands in the pockets?
maybe? not sure
Lose the douchey face
Could it possibly be the angle of the shot?
Yeah, that's a possibility. You look good overall, though.
I'd keep the sleeves rolled below the elbow.
That was my outfit for the 4 th of july. In what ways can i improve this look.
Overall nice outfit, but as far as improvements go.1) Lose the socks. To be honest, it's being a bit nit picky of me to say that, but low-top chucks (or converse as a whole) usual look better with no sock showing (at least for a summer look), especially with white canvas.2) Shorts should be a little smaller. Not sure whether you should size down entirely, hem it a couple inches, or maybe just cuff it.3) OCBD is solid but could be a little shorter
Thanks, i also felt my shirt was a little too big but it was too late to return it
does this outfit look ok? 
think the shirt is a bit too big overall, but barely noticeable
Should I have these chinos hemmed longer?.Also, could I wear these bucks with shorts? Thanks.
You could just always wear these cuffed.
Go all out and cuff them.
so go with even more ankle?
Just like one or maybe two. But no socks when cuffed.
I'd also wear these cuffed. Right now they're at an awkward length where it's right above where it should meet the shoe. just cuff once or twice and you're good. Take off the socks too.
pics of them cuffed elsewhere in this thread
ok I think I might try that. 

That thread actually inspired me to grab some vans authentics in white a few weeks back. Been no sockin with em ever since
Chinos are fine and your bucks would be fine with shorts.
cool. So ankles level chinos are OK?
Looking back, those are maybe a half inch too short. But I guess it's no big deal.
yeah I think so too. Although, I am really tall so that might make it look  worse than it does in the picture
If you're going that short, better go sockless
Summer wedding next weekend. 42R jacket, all cotton. Shoes are light burgundy leather loafers, no socks. I am 6 foot, 190 lbs. .Thoughts on the combo? Having trouble with a pocket square though.
I like the color combo, but as others have noted tie blazer may be too large
Hate to say it, but the jacket is too big in the shoulders. Telltale divet on the shoulder in the left of the image. Could definitely be slimmer in the torso too.
jacket is too big in shoulder and torso.looks like youre getting mooseknuckle in pants too
The patterns of this shirt and tie combo are not okay together, right?.Thanks for confirming. . It's hard to find the perfect shirt for these pants....Edit 2: Okay so I need to throw this tie away. My date it wearing seafoam green, any ideas for a shirt/tie combo? . 
Is that shirt from Express? Their stock pictures probably confuse the hell out of people newer to clothing by pairing every shirt with a tie. That shirt is way too casual to wear with a tie imo. .I don't think you need to throw the tie away? The knot looks a little on the large side, rounded toe shoes would probably be better, as mentioned pants 2" shorter would be to your benefit as well. If you just got these think about trying to exchange them as long as they aren't washed, some places don't care about whether the tags are still attached. 
Not okay at all. Your shoes are not okay either. And your jeans are too long too.
I do not see the problem with the shoes either. What would be a better alternative?
Brown brogues or brown half brogues
Out of curiosity, what is wrong with the shoes? I realize in the picture they do look a bit goofy but it may be because of the angle I am standing, the angle of my camera, and the angle of my mirror which is leaning against the wall (slightly curved)
They are square toe shoes and square toe shoes are not fashionable.
Ah, I had no idea. I was actually told the opposite. 
In some European countries they are still in fashion but they are unfashionable in most of the world, while classic round toe shoes will always work. 
Consider brown brogues or brown half brogues
It's pattern overload. Perhaps your personality is good for it, which I could see working for the very confident fashion forward person, but it's very distracting.
Definitely not okay. Neither of the pieces are particulary pleasing either and I'd also hem the pants.
The tie and the shirt are awful by themselves. Together they make for an eyesore. The fit on the first shirt is okay I guess. But throw that tie into an abyss. Oh and your jeans need shortening bro.
I don't think that shirt should ever be worn with a tie.
Second shirt is much better, if not a little baggy, but it's hard to tell.
not okay together. Don't really like the shirt altogether tho 
Yeah I literally just got them. I should NOT have went with the person that I did because she steered me in the complete wrong direction. I wanted round toe shoes, didn't like the shirt, knew the tie's pattern didn't go with the shirt, and wanted pants that were two inches shorter lol. I still like the tie too but since posting here you are the first person to no voice your displeasure with it. .Thank you for the help. 
I know what you mean, in the future just remember that most people in general know very little about clothes (guys and girls), and even if you think a girl dresses very well she may not necessarily know anything about men's clothing. Having a dude that is knowledgeable on fashion is great to have with you, and the best thing is to be knowledgeable yourself so you don't feel like you're being dressed like a mannequin, haha. .Yeah I see the comments and I largely agree with them, I don't think the tie is a necessarily an abomination but it's . busy I can't think of a situation where I'd think that tie was the best choice. .It sounds like you have a solid idea of what looks good, though. You're on the right track. Buy a few things, maybe post to OF&FC like you did with this outfit and get some opinions, figure out what you want to return/exchange/etc. 
I'm actually going to exchange some of this outfit in a couple hours. If you don't mind could you give me a recommendation?.My date is wearing seafoam green. I'll have black shoes, the same dark gray pants (2" shorter though), and a black belt. What would you do as far as a shirt and tie combo? I was thinking a lighter gray with a tie that would have a hint of seafoam green to tie it all together. 
Are you going to wear a jacket? Especially with a darker, more formal outfit (the black shoes in particular) a lone tie is going to increasingly give off a salesman/waiter sort of vibe, but I'm guessing you're in high school on a limited budget and a great fitting blazer can be hard to find for cheap. I'd try looking at H&M for any simple navy blazers that fit. .. White and pale blue are the easiest and most available choices for the shirt. I highly suggest going with someone else for advice on the tie, I've worn a tie twice since January and both times were at funerals, dudes like . who wear suits fairly often probably have a better idea than I. In fact, .. I don't want to lead you astray. You have the right idea of having just a hint to what your date is wearing rather than matching entirely, but I've never dressed to match a date (didn't know anything about clothes until I was 21) and now at 22 I probably never will so once again, I don't want to give you bad advice. 
Okay well thanks for all of your help, I really appreciate it. 
No prob! Those guides are long but I promise they're worth the read.
Commenting on your edit, the problem isn't the pants, its that tie. Honestly it looks awful. A white shirt with a dark navy tie would be fine.
Thanks for the additional input. My date is wearing seafoam green so do you have any suggestions as to what shirt/tie combo would go well together?.Here it is with a white shirt: .    .Looks like I'm getting a new tie. 
Much better. 
I got a few pairs of jeans recently, mostly for chilling in college.  The first pair is a J Crew Factory Urban Slim 30x30.  Waist is too loose and thighs feel too tight.  Second is a pair of Levi's 513 in Dark Scraper, 29x30.  Waist is good, but thighs are again too tight.  Maybe they'll stretch?  They're pretty constrictive, but then I like to move and climb around a lot.  Anyways, how do they look? .
.
.
.
.edited to fix the links.  Do they work now?  Thanks ., new to adding pics
Imgur won't display your images "publicly".Repost outside your account maybe?
scoop seems to work fine, belt is a bit overly loud tho
Ditch the shoes, not sure what's up with the upper of it.
For sneaks check the sidebar, I personally roll with Chuck Taylor low tops, but there are plenty of options (Besides Vans, other notables are Superga, Tretorn, PF Flyers, SeaVees). Grab white canvas shoes or grey. White's a great shoe color for summer, esp. with shorts..You can unbutton one more button on your Henley, will give it a more casual look..Pants look a little tight around the thighs and crotch, might just need to be ironed. I can't tell from the photo..Check the sidebar for color theory stuff. . is one of my favorite color matchers, lets you check if a color is complimentary. Note that it should definitely be used as a guideline and not as the end all be all, nor does it mean you have to pick perfectly matching colors. Check out the Triad and Tetrad section for more options..Good stuff overall. Henleys are a perfect summer shirt.
lol they are vans knockoffs. the laces could be switched but they look fine otherwise
It's just the style I'm commenting on mostly; the color is fine.
From the photo, it looks like the sides of the upper rise up enough that they shield the tongue + laces. It draws a lot of attention to the feet, and I spent a good amount of time just staring at it trying to figure out what it would look like if I had a model in my head..But, it might just be the photo that's making it look distorted.

I usually dislike the advised fashion of this subreddit, but I really like your outfit! Where did you get the green shirt?
Love this. My style is pretty similar, WWII military type clothes are awesome. 
This looks pretty spot on to me. I guess I'm not a huge fan of the crew neck, it just seems a bit off. A scoop or v neck might look better. But overall I like it quite a bit. 
Not a fan of V necks. 
Any reason why? One would look great with this fit, wouldn't have to be super deep either. Though I guess if you don't like them then you don't like them.
I think they look affected/awkward.
Get a pair of Frye Harness boots and you'll be killing it. 
Those are bad and do not go with the look I want. I much prefer the black sidezip boots I've got now.
h&m, it was a thrift find
working on the stacks
I like it. Shoes are ok for me, but for a lot of other people might not be really appealing. 
I'm liking the look of the denimwhat brand?
Union Stock Dry Goods 12.5oz Indigo Slight Fit. The fit is the perfect, right in between 510 and 511 for me. Similar quality to N&F, but 20 bucks cheaper. Perfect first pair. I recommend them.
Doesn't really look like that shirt was made to be worn with a tie.
Unsalvageable.
I would want them longer
yeah me too but it would cost 16 bucks and they only cost 17 in the first place. dunno if its worth it
There might not be any extra fabric to let them out either
yeah. I was thinking about maybe just buying another pair a length up and turning these into shorts
pull your pants up bro
I don't think the big ass tongue or whatever it's called is working.
Really? I'd say the white collared shirt isn't working. It's the overly formal thing sticking out in this picture. 
It's just an OCBD man it's fine.
That doesn't mean it fits with the rest of the outfit. 
Oxford cloth is the least formal of shirt fabrics and button down collars are the least formal of collars. So what else should he wear? A simple t-shirt? Why would a tee work better here?
are you saying a white ocbd wind breaker and jeans isnt acceptable?
I could see someone liking a tee better because it's more casual, and they would like this outfit to be ultra, ultra casual. people need to chill out and see that muuushu's suggestion isn't some sort of law or rule you must follow, but putting a collared shirt in this outfit does change what the outfit says to many people. If you like what it does to the outfit, that's fine. Others may think a non collared shirt would look better. I am torn, since I do think the collared shirt is fine, but I also think he could continue experimenting with different shirts until he found something that really clicks..both sides have a point. I dont think we should downvote people with valid points.
Thanks for the feedback.
Thanks, you said all I wanted to say but better than I would have said it. Feedback's a subjective area, so everyone is entitled to their own opinions. 

I think if you had an OCBD under the sweater it could very well compensate for the sweater being a tad short. Looks good otherwise.
I don't think it's the sweater that's too short. It's the ridiculously low rise on the jeans.
Would look better with longer sweater imo 
i'm not sure if the sweater is too short, but it at least looks that way because of a lower rise on your pants.
I think that's mostly it. The jeans have the lowest rise of all the pants I own and the belt never shows normally.
Pull your sleeves down and you're golden..Edit: The sweater is also borderline too short
or pull the sleeves up a tad more. i think they are at that awakard mid-forearm that just feels weird
I think, as a Dane, that it might be a more Scandinavian look, since  I mostly see people with the sleeves at the mid forearm, instead of taking it up to the elbow, which might be more American, but I'm not sure, since I haven't been in to fashion for long.
Even if going for a mid-forearm-sleeve, which I do think looks nice, he should probably pull them up just a smidge more. As is, it looks a bit like the sweater is just too short for him (though it clearly isn't). Pulling them up a bit more, makes it a look a little more 'conscious', if that makes sense.
Yeah, I guess you are right, but ultimately, I think he should do what feels right for him, even though you are actually dressing up (mostly) to do a good impression to other folks, where the general opinion might think it looks stupid where it is, but if he feels more confident doing like in the picture  he definitely should wear it like he does in it, and this goes for pretty much every piece of clothing. 
Sweater is too short
What color is the print on the tag?
They've changed it all up. I thought the same thing when I bought a new shirt the other day. It had a bright green tag, but said CLASSIC so I thought I was given the classic fit instead of the usual Extra slim fit. .But rest assured, if it's a navy tag, it's slim fit. Red is traditional fit. Green is extra slim. 
This spring BB introduced color coding of the tag print for fit.  Purple print of the tag signifies regular fit, navy blue print of the tag signified slim fit.  Green print of the tag signifies extra slim fit.  All of the tags say pretty much the same thing, "Brooks Brothers Classic".  Unfortunately, all the shirts and inventory at every story has yet to be fully transitioned to this new tagging system.  So there are still non-iron basics with old tags that say the fit. So possibly at first you purchased an older shirt with the fit labeled, and now have been given a newer inventory shirt.  Just look at the color of the print of the tag.  Should be navy/dark blue that says Brooks Brothers Classic..Edit: can't recall what traditional fit color is, but I mean, who the fuck wears that shit anyways, unless you need a backup parachute when skydiving.  
Damn, I was in the store the other day looking for slim fit and all I could see was classic.  I didn't notice the color difference and I've just started shopping there (and any other place for that matter) so I had no idea.  I wish I had learned this earlier.  Thanks for the advice!
No problem, FYI, insider info has it that they're about to increase the price of shirts from $88 to $92, but the everyday value 3 for $225 will remain..Also, while the semi-annual sale as ended, the seasonal shirts are now on clearance for 25% off or 2 for 50% off.  So if you're still in the market for more button downs, I'd suggest stopping by soon.  
I'm trying to find one that fits.  Right now they're either all too tight or fit like tents.  I'm a pretty thin guy...  .Also, I saw a guy talking to a tailor at the BB store.  Is this a normal thing?  Is it possible to get my shirts tailored directly from the store?  Or is he just a personal tailor that the guy brought along?  If I am able to get it tailored at the store, how much would it cost approximately?  .Sorry if these are stupid questions.  I'm pretty new to this and really just want one or two nice classy button downs.
Yes, most all retail stores have in-house tailors.  They would be able to tailor any BB shirt, I'm pretty sure, for a nominal fee.  When you buy a suit at BB they have in-house tailors that do the measuring and alterations..Yeah I had this problem looking for proper shirts there.  Here's the dealio, slim fit isn't actually that slim of a fit, it definitely fits perfectly for people with some gut to them I've seen.  If you're a pretty thin guy, or what I'm imagining, a pretty normal non-fattie non-old person that a lot of BB traditionally caters to with their fit, I'd check out extra slim fit shirts..The disclaimer about going into extra slim fit however.  A lot of times when you go right into the same exact size you wore in slim into extra slim, you're going to feel tightness under the arms and prosibbly (just made that word up on the spot lol) tightness in the chest.  Before giving up on the fit, go a 1/2 inch collar size bigger and give it a try.  A lot of time that works and that definitely worked for me.  If you've experimented with all types of sizes in extra slim and still hasn't worked, only other BB option would be MTM shirts, which idk, would be hella expensive and killing a fly with an ax..Edit: an one other piece of advice that I'd suggest since clearly I'm on a writing mood, work with a . sales associate when evaluating shirt sizes.  I say . associate because there are those that simply want your sale and kinda concur with any size you think feels good.  You can tell the GOOD sales associate when they're extrovertly confident and seem like the type that wouldn't be afraid to tell you if a size you think is good sucks.  .I say this because a lot of times, especially with new customers or ones that aren't used to getting BB level or similar type fits, have no idea what feels like the proper fit.  What is comfortable to someone certainly is incontrovertible but a lot of times isn't what necessarily is the proper fit.  A lot of people are always uncomfortable with proper fitting sleeves feeling too short, for instance.  Main things to look for is mainly does the collar fit, and how's the chest and under arm comfort, and then how much material is behind the shirt to determine if you can go into a cut smaller.  Anyhow, hope some of this helps.  And if none of this pertained to you, I thought I'd give my 2 cents about this thing regardless cause I feel like that's a hidden thing not really spoken about in this weird ass MFA subreddit. .Oh, and the cost of tailoring a shirt, idk exactly.  Probably will run around $20 for which normal hemming of pants or suit tailoring would be.  But I'm not quite sure, because I don't really ever recall seeing a shirt being tailored tehe.
Awesome thanks!  Overkill is the best kinda kill.  Except when you're about to become a dirt poor college student in a month and a half.  But MTM sounds like a cool option and I want to try it out sometime, but right now I think I'm still going to grow (working out a bit) and I don't want to drop that kind of money on something that won't fit me in a year.  And I don't know enough about this stuff anyways.  I think I'll wait until I get out of college for that option haha.
Red print is traditional fit..I remember seeing one wall at the Brooks Brothers store in South Coast Plaza dedicated to slim fit dress shirts. 
Thank you for the answer.  Mine are navy blue print, so I'll assume they are slim fit.
It's a good brand. Looks good with some more rugged outfits for Fall/Winter. 
They appear to have anti-gravity properties. A definite buy in my book.
Good to know. Thanks
Palladium is good people.  Wear them happily.

So amazing you found them, made my reddit day.
Carrera might have something similar. I swear I saw that ridic Pitbull have a similar pair on once.
Holy shit, you found them. But now that you found them, holy fuck $1,400!!
Sell cocaine. You should be able to buy those soon.
First you get the money,  then you get the power,  then you get the glasses.
He was barely selling cocaine when he had those!
The only reason I could think of is that the jacket has a light pattern to it as well. Typically, you'll want to stay away from mixing patterns. Having said that, try posting a picture of the outfit on you. I like the color combination of the jacket/shirt/belt, but I think the patterns might clash. 
I actually like the pattern on pattern. Both are subtle & muted. I'd opt for a rich bold tie to add color & contrast though.
Are you wearing a tie? That could make a big difference once it's all on you
Definitely going to have a tie. Is that what it would depend on? was probably just going to go with something simple, no pattern
A solid tie could break up the pattern of the shirt, so it really depends on what the whole thing looks like together
Hope it's huge! 
interesting. i might be up in DC this weekend checking out the sights and such. would be fun to stop in for a bit. 
darn, I have a wedding to go to that same day in upstate ny, otherwise I'd be there.
Damn it. No meet ups for Europeans 
Just want to note that . and .two of our illustrious FFA modsshould be in the D.C. area. Hopefully they'll show up. :3
Would go, but I've got a party that day. 
Free stuff for attendees:.I have a bunch of pants that I want to pass on, plus an Ambig Mori shacket in green (size medium). I'd rather give stuff to people than take photos and list and ship each item..
I have two pairs of 511 chinos in khaki and ivy green, plus a pair of herringbone grayish blue, as well as a pair that were originally white that I dyed and they ended up being a very dark greenish blue. All 34x32..
I also have a pair of very slim H&M chinos in a lighter blue and an identical pair in stone khaki that were hemmed to shorts. Both size 33..
None of these are really worth selling, so if anyone is interested, I can just bring them to the meetup.
I've been in D.C. for a grand total of 7 days and I have no clue where the venue is.  I may try to go if you promise that it won't be 95 degrees with 110% humidity.  This past week has been brutal.
Damn another month and I would've been in D.C. for college. I'll catch you guys at the next one. :/
Am i going to feel super judged?  Whats the event?
sounds interesting, this place is just a few min away from me
Oh man it hasn't even been that bad yet. Last year I think we set records for longest streak of days above 95 and nearly set an all time high..The venue is southwest of the u street metro (also known as U Street/African-Amer Civil War Memorial/Cardozo) on the green or yellow line.
Cool, thanks man. I'll have to see what the wife wants to do on Saturday.  It may be an Ikea date night  (we're stoked to have an Ikea nearby).
Just some redditors grabbing a drink/snacks at a decent bar.  Dress however you want, nobody will judge you.  I think somebody said they were coming in cargo shorts.
Haha, thanks for the offering!  I might be interested in the shorts.
No worries, this is my way of forcing myself to stop wearing pants that don't fit. 
"yea you've just got like a trapper keeper full of appointments"
No, I just have something at 11:00, and I can't change it, because I already moved it twice.
Any furniture in particular you are looking for?  Most of what I own is currently in storage and realistically up for sale.  
Ah, thanks man... we've stocked up on almost everything now.  All we need are some little nicknacks and decorative crap :)
No worries.  I'm not opposed to continuing to store it.."nicknacks and decorative crap."  You into vintage and antique?  I'm just going to leave this here:

Oh dang that's cool!  We might check that out. 
I can virtually guarantee that it will be
Any indication on the M/F ratio? I mean, I'd love to stand around and talk fashion all night with you guys, but...
Nobody will judge you... until the group photo gets posted to MFA on the morrow.
/fa/ can't wait. 
The /fa/ discussion about that first photo was admittedly hilarious.
be the change you want to see in . Europe
I'm from Germany. That hasn't worked very well in the past for us.
I don't have the link but I love the plain white Liberty Dunks in red/blue speckle. If they're still available around Christmas I'll probably pick them up.
I like . roshe runs in the air yeezy colorways 
Brown and green looks good. And black and white looks good..Play around with the shade of the colors too. 
brown & green is fine, but not the latter. High contrast color combos are LOUD, so it takes a skilled eye & good attention to detail in fit & texture to pull it off. The poster of that guide does advocate contrast colors for the summer, but you need to know yourself & your social context to decide if you can pull it off without looking like a tool. If you're unsure, start with something basic like off-white or ecru chinos with pastel tops. Once you gain more confidence in your choices you can venture into day-glo colors.
They can work quite well together, however, the louder you go, the harder it becomes to make it look good. Contrasting colours are very loud, so try to keep away from brighter, louder colours unless it's Summer and you know what you're doing.
The key to pulling off contrast colors is layering and patterns.  White shirt and black pants... i unno maybe you look like a waiter.... a textured, patterned white shirt with a cardigan and black pants okay good to go.  I think so anyways..I know sometimes I'll purposely plan an outfit with a cardigan or sweater because without it, it looks too out of place.  Play with it a little bit.
This is gonna vary from person to person based on your complexion. .There's a better guide somewhere on here that I can't find right now, but the general gist is: If you have light skin and dark hair, wear high-contrast colors. If your complexion is more muted, wear more complimentary colors.
Hey if you're wanting advice on changing hair, definitely check out .! They are a great community that will answer your question down to a single hair..I recommend you go to a stylist/barber and show them a picture of this look. They will let you know whether your hair can do that cut, how to style it, and which products work best..What I would personally do is use some pomade (I personally like .) and shape your hair into that style. Some people say dampen your hair a bit, others say make sure it's dry - I blow dry mine and then shape. If it doesn't work on the first try, you need to keep doing it everyday. Hair remembers the shape it takes..Anyways, check out . and go see a stylist..Good luck!
I basically have this hairstyle. You can accomplish it with wax/pomade. I use clay which is similar to wax when I put in product. But lately I've just been blow drying it without any product. But this works for me because my hair is quite thick. Both with and without product I come my hair back with my fingers habitually which helps it stay in place. 
Is . your review?
Pomade from American Crew works really well. Doesn't leave any noticeable traces and holds pretty well (there are a few variations of hold and shine to choose from from AC). If you want that specific haircut then you should print it out and show it to your barber. Use your hand and a blow dryer to style it.
bring this pic to the person who cuts ur hair
You will most-likely never be able to splurge on shoes at Macy's: their shoes are mostly awful.
TM lewin often do 4 or 5 shirts for 100. Keep an eye out for those deals.
TM Lewin I find is perfect for me. They've got stores all over the country, and I suggest you go in and get measured. They do a variety of sizes and 3 cuts, so to make sure you get the fit you want, go in!.I've got like 15 of their shirts, so any questions about them ask me!
I don't reckon you can go far wrong with M&S if you want something decent for the price. Just be sure to go with their slimmer fitting stuff.
If you're looking for cheap shit, try Uniqlo and H&M.
thanks for posting, i'm looking for well made shit with a good fit, i'd rather have 1 or 2 good shirts for now than shitloads of ok-ish ones...
Check out .; depending on your budget they might have a couple of great recommendations. Off the top of my head I've heard Cos is kind of a more expensive (and better quality) version of Uniqlo.
Well made and good fit? Look at . - they're on sale at the moment, and you can get shirts for half price and cheaper. Still, the cheapest you'll get is 17.95 (better than the 70 full price, though). Have a look, anyway..Edit: They have real shops as well, of course, if you'd rather see the shirts physically before you buy.
Jermyn Street
I visited the UK last year. I could not go home without 4 Charles Tyrwhitt shirts. Their extra slim shirts are awesome and fit me great.
Get the . that just restocked.
Gant & TM Lewin (for formal shirts).I don't actually live in Europe but I travelled there and there seems to be plenty of those stores around. Try looking for the Gant Rugger collection, which I prefer.
Depends what type of shirt and your income -.H&M and Uniqlo are great for cheap and comfterable polos and basic block shirts (the only thing anyone wears in the UK summer).M&S and Next I can vouch for being very reliable and great with sales.
Saw some sellers on ebay with left over Marks and Spencer's stock. Decided to try one regular fit shirt for around 10 which usually retails for 30. The quality is impressive. Obviously the style is less fashion orientated and I have read mixed reviews on some other fits of theirs, but they are a staple of the high street. M and S actually have a bespoke service too. The Industrie products look really good.
I'm always a fan of the French flag NATOs
The blue-red or the green-red one. Yellow-red is very attention-grabbing and the french one looks like the flag of the German Empire because of the dark blue. Think I like the green the most.
camo
Did you mean green-red?
Blue and red
Oh, yeah i did.
I am going to make a couple of assumptions so correct me if I'm being presumptuous-.1.)  This is for a college graduation, and 2.) this will be outdoor..If both are the case, it's probably hotter than blazes outside and you don't want to look like you just got out of the shower.  Having recently gone to a college graduation in May (as well as several others in the past year), I have always sported the short sleeve polo tucked into a nice pair of slacks with some boat shoes.  For a winter graduation or indoor ceremony, a fitted button down and sports coat works wonders.  .The important thing is to try and incorporate the school colors into your outfit.  Whether that is the color of your polo, adding a pocket square to the jacket, or (my favorite) colored slacks, you can't go wrong.
what's he graduating.what program.what school.dressing for a rec and leisure grad at FSU versus Harvard law are different things
see how your brother is dressing, and go a little less formal than that; but still smart. Maybe afterward your brother introduces your family to one of his mates, or teachers, so dress smart/sharp.
Oh my..But honestly, it depends on where you are. For one thing, the weather, but the formality of the event itself ought to determine what you wear..Some other non-specific advice I've heard encourages you not to dress up too much, since it's your brother's day. Wear something clean and simple.
Definitely don't wear a sweater over a polo shirt (assuming that the "v neck" you're referring to is a sweater).
Graduating from medical school and taking his oath before fully qualifying as a doctor at a good uni in the uk.
Oof, I'd honestly wear a suit for that, but I don't know how formal graduation ceremonies are in the UK. 
suit up
I hope you're not lactose intolerant.
Go with subdued colors and let the jacket stand out. Green does not sound like a good idea unless you're talking about a tie and it's a muted or dark green. Color will depend on what item you're talking about. For shirts I'd stick with white, light blue or pink. For pants charcoal, gray, white, khaki, maybe olive if it's dull enough.
Ahh ok thanks. I was thinking green pants since blue and green are supposedly BFFs. You may have just saved me from something garish lol.
I can perhaps see some very light (like subdued mint) pants working along with a white shirt, for a really over the top preppy look. Other than that I can't see that combination working at all..Of course I could be totally off base depending on how the jacket looks, pictures may help
Interesting, I was thinking like grass green initially. Both pieces are bold but far enough apart that it doesn't look like a broken suit..I'm apparently way off.
Don't worry about bringing nice clothes. Bring things that can get messed up (cheap tee's and shorts mostly). Basically if you wouldn't want to get it messed up, don't bring it to camp. Anyways how many shirts would depend on how many you plan to wear a day, and if you will be doing laundry.
I've never heard the term sleepaway before, so forgive me if these questions are obvious for someone who knows what a sleepaway camp entails, but to answer your question I feel I/advice givers could use the following context info:.Do you plan to do wash? What kind of things will you be doing there? Are there any days where you need to wear something of a minimum formality? Does it ever get cold or will it be consistently hot the entire week? Are you sleeping inside or in a tent? Is rain and mud an issue? Etc.
Yes, washing. We'll be mountain biking and painting and go-karting and swimming. No to formality. Yes, sweatshirts are required. I'll be sleeping in a cabin. Rain, yes - bringing a poncho.
Okay then! I'll give some suggestions with the premise that like other people said, your stuff may get ruined and chances are high no one will care, but that said:.Uniqlo airism stuff is great. Keeps you very cool, is anti-odor, and relatively inexpensive. If you get white though it'll stain badly with sunblock, I made that mistake and my white one is now dedicated to doing yardwork in the heat. .Especially with washing 2 - 3 pairs of shorts and one pair of jeans should be fine, no need to wash them unless they smell or get dirty..White sneaks look great dirty if you have a pair..You could probably use a few more t-shirts as you'll want to wash them every day. IMO you don't need any button downs but if you think you'll want to wear them one or two is all you need. .When I went to bonnaroo I just bought a bunch of hanes v-necks with the assumption they'd be trashed (they were). Bonnaroo's probably a lot harder on clothes than where you're going, but slim fit hanes v-necks are something like 5 for 20. 
I was wondering more on t-shirts in general, not solely for camp. I've noticed that there isn't a t-shirt guide on here, so that's why I was asking.
Oh! I'm sorry man, I don't think that was clear to a lot of people on here. Well, uniqlo gets suggested here a lot for t-shirts as affordable and slim fitting. I have a few and really like the way they fit. Merona is also pretty good but you should be at a Target to try them on as most find the sizing to be inconsistent. H&M is really cheap (we're talking $5 a shirt), J. Crew is popular if you're looking for higher quality t-shirts. 
What type of shirts do I wear with chino shorts? Solid colour pocket tees? Solid crewneck tees? 
Oh those kinds of question! Okay. Really once fit is down it's all personal preference man. .. I'm wearing j.crew chino shorts, a uniqlo v-neck, and espadrilles. Really I could wear a crew neck, a henley, a pocket tee, anything I wanted. Neither are inherently better than the other and they're all equally fashionable. I'm not into tees with pockets but plenty of dudes are. Obviously anything solid/neutral colored is going to be versatile so if you're newer to clothing they're plenty safe. 
Alright, this is the answer I was looking for - thank you!
If you're in the woods there really isn't anyone to impress..I'm an Eagle Scout and I've been camping numerous times. You always go function over form. You shouldn't worry about how it looks, as there is a pretty good chance your clothes will get wrecked anyway..What type of camping are you doing? Everyone seems to have their own definition.
We're going to be in cabins in the wood - it's mostly teenage stuff, not like fire-building and fishing and whatnot. Primarily waterfront activities, sports, extreme sports, arts, and things like that. 
You forgot extreme art.
I thought that was implied?
Of course, what was I thinking. All art is extreme art. 
I'll be wearing one a day and yes, laundry will be done once. 
I might recommend bringing a few extras of your essentials in case you get wet or something and need to change. I went camping a week or two ago and forgot to bring extra pants- it rained pretty much constantly. So bring extra clothes and you'll probably be glad you did.
sounds like ur ~14 and this is church camp, who gives a fuck what u wear
J. Crew is a very good choice for that price range. I personally bought the Prince of Wales suit from J. Crew during the winter season and I have received so many compliments on it that it's not even funny. 
j. crew seems like the best option for around that price range. if you can go in store and try it on that would probably be better
What about Men's Warehouse is so bad?
I could buy 2-3 suits on eBay that retailed for more than you car for $500.  Go to Men's Warehouse and have them FIT a suit to you.  Write this stuff down...tell them you need a tux measurement for an upcoming wedding and they'll write it all down for you.  Use the guide above and you won't have an issue.  Buy what you like, take it to a local tailor and have it all tailored to you....it may add $0-$75 to the cost.
I've heard good things about ., perhaps you could give them a spin.
What about Gilt, they always have suits in the $500 range?
If mtm still interests you, black lapel seems to do better than indochino, but suit supply is awesome, and if you have a physical location near you, it's worth a journey
Where is the post where NOT to buy a suit? I can't find it.
I had great success with Indochino but you have to trust the person that is measuring you. Best suit ever? probably not. Suit that looks better than 90% of other people, close enough for me. You just have to know what you're getting in to and they have traveling events so maybe you could check out one of those.
I've heard great things about Suit Supply (and have been meaning to get myself in to their DC store to check them out in person as I'm shopping for a suit myself). Here's a few that might fit the bill, though with tailoring might push a bit past the $500 budget:
Replying for OPs sake:.I haven't bought from Suit Supply, so I'm really only echoing, but: 
I've been doing a lot of research on here and StyleForum, and SS seems to be pretty much the best for the price range, and pretty objectively good overall. It'll be my next suit purchase. 
A friend of mine bought a couple suits from SuitSupply for a new job about 6 months ago.  Quality is great for the price, and they've held up very well over about 6 months of multiple times per week wear.
I just got both of these in the mail last week! I got both to see which one I prefer and will be returning the darker suit. The suits are awesome! They look and feel great and while I was trying them on, I just wanted to be seen!
Just picked up a pair of . in a heather grey, in-store. They had khaki, light grey, and red as well. Lengths are graduated so I'm not sure how they will fit you. I'm a 34, waist is perfect. Length might be an inch too long but rolling them up looks great. 
Not entirely sure exactly how the fit lines up but I have some Jcrew 484 fit pants that I wear to work. You might wanna check those out.
Why dont you try Dockers City line? I feel they are close and they are also a bit more towards business casual. Not a ton of options but some basics. 
H&M chinos fit alot like it.
Bonobos slim-straight have slightly less taper but I find that the fit is almost identical to Alphas, and they are made of much nicer fabric with a more classic construction.
I wear my Dockers Alpha's at work and I've never gotten a second look on them. I'll wear my more formal pants when I have a meeting or something but for normal day to day I think they're fine.
Been looking at those but they never sell any of the slim fit stuff in my local stores and J Crew has such terrible S&H policies
Aren't Alphas and D1's the same fit, different material?.So the D1's will fit you the same but with a lighter (less casual as you put it) fabric..If the standard D1 isn't thick enough, I've seen some D1 saturday khaki and other styles that are a compromise between the standard and alpha materials..Check out a department store.
D1s are very different from alphas. They are much, much skinnier in the thigh, and a bit wider below the knee. I like alphas but I can't even wear D1s because of how narrow the thigh is.
That's good to know..I tried on a pair of D1's in the store the other day and was very disappointed. They didn't have any Alphas..I'll have to find somewhere that does and try those on.
The weekday warriors specifically would be the next step up in fabric.
Don't their slacks only come in straight fit?
Not anymore. I have 3 PR slim straights for office rotation.  The old straights were huge.
Saweet! Thanks. Those are probably the only reasonably-priced slacks I'd trust; true dress slacks (non-chinos) that are slim are hard to find.
Yeah I agree they are a sweet middle ground before stepping up to wool.  Great for biz cas.
I just wish I could find 32x34 Alphas.  I am in Canada so ordering direct does not seem to be an option, and the three Bay locations I hit had hundreds of pairs, but 32 was the longest inseam..It really pissed me off because I had the 32x32s on and they were . in the fit department except for the length.  Too bad the 32 is just a c*nt hair too short for me.
Use a proxy service like shipito to get them to you. Stack a few items in your mailbox and the shipping is affordable
jdbee did a review of the Lands End Canvas chino and seemed to like them a lot.... 
What is this wizardry with the color selections and the model. Is he not actually wearing pants? WHAT IS GOING ON.
Picked those up, pretty great fit. Very similar to the alphas. 
I tried a pair of the D0s in the same size as the alphas but the smaller thigh resulted in pocket flair. I really just want them to make Alphas in a less casual fabric like the D0s.
484 fits a little slimmer than alphas, especially in the upper thigh.
D1s are straight, Alphas are tapered.
Brooks Brothers Milano fit is worth a try.  The Nordstom Sale going on right now probably has a few options.
Gap Lived-in Slim chinos fit very similarly to Dockers Alphas, and are also the softest pants in the world. They still look a bit denim-y in their construction, though..Banana Republic chinos in the Slim and Emerson cuts both fit pretty similarly to Alphas as well (though not exactly alike). They are most def work appropriate.
I just got a few pairs of the BR slim fit chinos and I love them.
From my experience, the Gap and BR slim chinos fit a little bit slimmer than the Alphas. The Gap one I have might not be representative though due to Gap's variable sizing
Do they still have the stupid flap pocket on the back? I love their fit and feel but that damn flap pocket 
Mine from this past season don't. The pockets don't have any flap or button.
Another vote for the BR chinos, but I have had some quality issues with my Emerson cut ones, so keep an eye out. The button started to pull away pretty quickly after I got them, and there are a lot of seams pulling out around the top of the zipper.
GAP chinos suck asshole. I hate them with a passion..For me the fit gives me a shitload of pocket flare and they're not even close to being a "slim"fit. I regret spending money on those things.
Pocket flare is generally caused by tightness across the waist and hips -- an overabundance of slimness, if anything. So, I don't really see how you could have that and think they're not slim.
The seat and width is retarded in terms of proportions. I tried every size on between 28 and 31 and nothing fit perfectly but they were cheap enough that I compromised.
Well, for me they fit extremely well. They're perfect if you're thin but have some leg-meat from exercise.
Not in my case.  I have the GAP "tailored slim" chinos and get some flare when walking and sitting, but not just standing there.  I know this is to be expected, but it seems excessive to my OCD-addled brain..They are definitely not too tight in the waist (as in, they will stay up just fine without a belt but are better worn with one.)  They aren't tight in the ass and hips either.  It's almost like there too much material somewhere.  Maybe I should see what a tailor can do since I really don't mind the pants at all.
Really? I've never had trouble with their S&H
Oh COME ON who would pay 5-8 dollar flat rate shipping that's just ridic-.Tax is another issue I suppose, but buying online/returning or exchanging at a brick and mortar location is about as painless as online shopping gets.
$9 shipping on anything under $175 and another $6 to ship it back if it doesn't fit is highway robbery compared to a lot of online stores..Example - Banana Republic - Free Shipping on anything over $50 (which is basically the whole store) - Free returns
I mean you should probably order something relatively cheap or safe to figure out your size from a store before ordering $175 of goods...that's safe rule of thumb with any online clothing merchandise 
Places like BR raise the prices of their clothing to accommodate shipping costs...
if you have a local j. crew you can order it there for free shipping to your house.  you can also return it there for free
Not so sure about highway robbery, but just a few weeks ago J.Crew had a 30% off everything sale plus free shipping..Edit: Just noticed that J.Crew will be having one category of clothing on sale every day for the next 7 days. Today is 30% off shirts.
Not to mention Factory J.Crew's 50+% summer sales last week plus 10% more with code: VIP
J.Crew is doing $5 shipping and free returns on any order right now, regardless of price. And has been for probably the last couple months.
Well, chino is a fabric, so if you wanted a less casual fabric you wouldn't want chino..That said, I wear . for bizcaz and adore them.  They come with a . long insean, as they're meant to be tailored, but other than that the rivet chinos fit almost identically to alphas.  Only difference I saw was a slightly higher rise in the Epaulets.
perfect bizcaz attire, i'm fiendin for a pair of those
There are SO many different types of chinos though..Just the fabric difference between dockers own Alpha's and D1s is night and day. .The Epaulets look nice, have to wait for a sale though.
Epaulet doesn't really have sales, FYI. Only on items that are really low on stock, so they'll only be available in very few (and totally unpredictable) sizes. Any probably not ever in the fabric you had in mind. All the basics in particular are kept in stock so they'll never go on sale. Only the weird stuff will.  .IMO the rivets are comparable to alphas in the thighs, but considerably looser in the calf. You can have your tailor taper them at the same time you get them hemmed.  .For business wear I would stick to the Walt line. The rise is higher so they sit at the waist. They're also generally stocked in finer fabrics (wool, etc.) and come with a crease pressed in.  .If you're a styleforum member they'll allow you to return items for a refund, rather than store credit. There's also a great thread over there that will help with sizing, picking fabrics, etc.
sorry, can you expand on the return for refund if on styleforum? i'm interested in buying their rivet chinos but hate the fact i can't return them
There's not much to it. If you have an account there they make an exception to their policy. Head over and check out their affiliate thread in  the streetwear and denim forum. The proprietors post frequently, and Mike has the details in his forum signature.
[deleted]
Thanks for doing this rjbman. I have heard nothing but praise for George Saunders. I may have to check it out.
haha books are for gay nerds.look at these losers lmfao
Just waiting for . by John Kennedy Toole to make the book club. Looking to have some good discussions on it. I think it would make for an even better discussion if we did . by Cervantes in the same month.
Start your own book club then.
could be more boring i guess
[deleted]
What would you have recommended?
there is zero criteria to this right? i don't know; any book i enjoy then. im reading sontag's "on photography" right now and enjoy it so that or something
We went by raw upvotes last time, and people were generally displeased. So I picked manually. .Don't worry, you can still submit them next month too!
Thank you for doing so. Good choices, and I'm actually going to stay on task and be ready to participate this time around. I think.
Escape from Spiderhead is awesome-- if you don't have the full time to read through all of Tenth of December, make sure you hit that at least.
Ooooh, I could do with a reread of Left Hand of Darkness.
[deleted]
Step Up to Step 2 CK.Just kidding..Shoot me.  
10th of december was aces. Read that shit bros.
if only writing out juvenile fantasies about guns could automatically save your book from being boring
Weren't we going to have . book?
I didn't think 4 was bad last month, and no one commented otherwise. If that's the preference I'm okay with that for future months. 
The conversations would be a bit more focused with one book...also, you could select slightly longer novels, and people would still have time to read it.
With four, it isn't so much "read all of these" as much as "you can read any of these". I do think ill do a single one in August. 
Thanks for doing this. . looks awesome. I guess now I know what's next on my to-read list.
+1, Just read it. Great book, thank god my school has a good summer reading list.
Left Hand of Darkness is hardly something I'd expect to see on MFA. Good pick. I prefer the Dispossessed though.
I figured I'd recommend something outside the norm. :)
i wasn't being serious.  there's a reason he didn't pick those books..from russia with love is not a good book to use for book clubs.  james bond books are just pulpy spy novels.  wind up bird chronicle is 600 pages; imo no one is going to finish it within the time frame..thats ignoring the absurdity of trying to organize parallel mfa book clubs.
I'm pretty sure even a slim xs would look baggy on you, but it's hard to tell without pictures.  Seriously though, start lifting.
I'm 6'2 and around 175lbs. Slim medium works for me pretty well I would say you should go for xs slim
I'm 5'7" with a 36-38 chest and I wear a slim XS the fit is a BEAST. I love it!
Slim XS for sure.
He's in Asian xs territory. Lifting would make all clothes fit better otr at this weight.
5'9 153lb 39.4 chest 31 waist, a small works for me, its just tight in the arms
What is your chest size? Waist size? Shoulder width? Sleeve length? Neck diameter? .My numbers are 35.5" 29.0" 16.75" 32.5" 14.75" and I'm 5'7" 130 lbs. The slim XS works well for me. 
Is this small regular or small slim? Is there pulling at the chest? If regular, is it billowy in the back for you? I ask because I have similar measurements (5'11 160 lb 39 chest).
regular small, i dont think i could fit into a slim small especially as im in the middle of a bulk. we're both slightly between the sizes, id try the small and hang dry it to prevent shrinkage. if its too tight trying it on, just get a medium and let the dryer shrink it.edit:i personally dont have any billowing problems, but somebody smaller might
Cool. Do you tuck when wearing it?
nah, i personally dont like the look but to each his own
I'm 5'9 and somewhere between 130 and 140 pounds. Slim XS should fit you, but the shirt will still be quite long. If you are able to hem it, the shirt should fit fine.
measure your current ones then compare that to the sizes listed on uniqlo's site
Really depends on your shoulder and chest measurements. They have a sizing chart or you can just base it off other shirts you wear. 
Have building maintenance come by and see about redirecting/blocking the vent.
So they are going to make it colder?
This is an amazing question. I think you are my hero.
move your chair
Bring a fan, point it upward..The cold flow will disperse and convince the area thermostat to see things from your own icy perspective.
Ask to turn down the AC?
Ask to move to a different desk?
Ask maintenance or your supervisor to have directional venting installed or to have the existing vents adjusted. It's not an unusual request..Also, keep a nice merino or cashmere scarf at your desk. Keeping your neck warm is going to net you a lot more comfort than trying to keep either your head or torso warm. Scarves are easier on/off than a cardigan, less casual than a beanie, and won't ruin all that hard work you put into styling your hair.
Rainbows are great once you break into them. It took me a week or so and they are now the most comfortable pair of sandals I have ever owned.
Something I always see is a causal shirt (button down, polo, tee), with shorts and chocos.
Gladiator sandals. Most look really bad though. Gotta do your homework for a good/stylish pair.
After sandal-shopping myself recently, I have come to the conclusion that in general, no sandal looks good on men. Nobody wants to see mens' feet! .Of course there are a few exceptions like the Gladiator sandal album IndridCoId posted, but keep in mind to pull this off you have to have a good wardrobe already. Also, I dunno if this is helping those men, but they are all thin and have really pale skin. .In the end, I went with "Birkenstock-like" Naot footwear sandals because yes, sometimes it is just to hot and you need open-toed shoes. At this point, it's about practicality, not fashion. You can even justify flip-flops if it's hot enough. 
birkenstocks
MFA fails to recognize men's sandals as fashionable. Being old, I make my own choices. :->.I have a pair of . in part because I walk in flooded streets and want something that dries and protects me from hidden glass, rocks, and such. You can also get sandals that are disguised as .. I recommend against leather 'dress' sandals ...By the way, I'm wearing the Tevas with socks and jeans, and it's not obvious I'm wearing socks with them, and it's not obvious they're sandals. I sweat like a pig, and I tend to get blisters if I don't wear socks; your mileage will vary. If you googles men's closed-toe sandals, you'll get lots of suggestions.
There are plenty of options for fashionable sandals. The ones you listed are not among them. They may be practical but they are not fashionable.  
if you're using them for function that's fine but don't force function on someone looking for a casual sandal
Force? .? You must be kidding.
Could you expound on these? I've never heard of them.
Found some quick for ya. They're not going to be most people's cup of tea, but I think gladiators can be done well.
I gotcha! Thanks!!!
Birkenstocks or Rainbows are great for Arizona heat. 
lol
 are pretty cool. I wear mine often in the summer. They are really breezy, don't look terrible and will last forever. 
I don't think fashionable sandals are a thing, and that's the opinion I've had ever since I was a kid (and nothing later in life has done anything but convince me of it even further). .Why not try something like boat shoes, or light canvas sneakers? Use some foot powder like gold bond to keep the sweating down, and I don't think it will be too hot or uncomfortable. But if you're set on sandals, get a leather/brown type of thong flip-flop sandal. I've seen guys wear that, and while it's certainly a very casual and youthful look, they're about the only sandals that look decent that I've ever seen. 
I think that MFA in general has far too much hate for flip flops, and lots of the suggested alternatives run the risk of looking way more awkward. go for a clean-looking pair without gaudy logos. I personally rarely wear them, so I have $2.50 brown rubber ones from target that I've been quite happy with, but for more frequent wear people recommend rainbows. Just know when to not wear them and tough it out in shoes. 
birkenstocks are trending right now.
I have a pair of G by Guess skinny jeans in a 38x30 and they're my favorite jeans.

Lincoln premiums are a staple for me, and I've found that they definitely scale according to the waist measurement. Just wait until you're at the size you're going towards, and hopefully then the rest of the leg will still fit correctly. 
i would say if you are losing weight and are planning to continue losing weight, don't spend that much on jeans. I get that these are jeans that you have had before and know will fit well, but you could probably buy a cheap pair and have them tailored for an even better fit and for less money. If you are planning on continuing to lose weight then take your time finding a good pair, and by the time you do that you may have reached a weight where you can find more styles you like.
I'm the type of person who can't put things like this off. I launched myself into a triple major in school and never got around to lots of stuff like getting in shape and dressing well, and that has to change. .I'm not gonna go crazy with a bunch of stuff that won't fit for that long, but I need to really get in the mindset that I'm dressing well now. I'm fat but I lift, and I don't see my thighs allowing for anything much slimmer than 36x30 regardless of losing weight (which is heavily concentrated in my gut).
too clunky imo
I've only seen this work with shorter shorts (7" and shorter) or if you have naturally long legs. It . be done, but sparingly so. Try posting a pic here for some feedback.
chambray or seersucker shorts / cotton button down / espadrilles .note that I've never been anywhere near a yacht. by preppish you mean like boat shoes and polos rightt?
short sleeve henley, chambray shorts, espadrilles/flip flops/easy sneakers
Khaki shorts, light blue OCDB worn open & rolled cuffs, white v-neck under, ribbon strap timex or JPK bracelet if you have one. Pair with Wayfarers and flip flops.  I would pack a zip-up hoodie as well..Warning: If you actually have to participate in sailing duties you will want to wear shoes with a rubber sole. 
Right. boat shoes, polos and/or tied up sweater on top
Wear a turtleneck or a wool knit sweater and go for the fisherman look
I think non-preppy yacht wear is an oxymoron.
My fear exactly.
This will last a very long time: .. You can probably find it on sale if you put in some time. 
My go to place for cheap ties is usually thetiebar. . is the closest I could find to the one you posted. It's cotton, but not chambray, and the print and color are a bit different..If you really like the one you linked and it's cost wouldn't be a burden, I suggest just buying it. $70 isn't outrageous for a tie.

What are you trying to wear it with?  Look at these, the blue is very similar, but its not floral 
I own a similar tie that I purchased from haggar. I checked their website and it looks like they aren't available online anymore. :/
Oooh the knottery used to have one very, very similar to that, but they don't carry it anymore. I'm not even gonna link you cause their current selection is pretty terrible.
Probably best to specify a "reasonable" price for you as this differs person-by-person. For a chambray tie with decent construction this is quite a reasonable price especially if it ever goes on sale..It's also a good idea to decide what it is you're looking for in a . tie. Is it the chambray material (or is any cotton ok?)? The specific floral print or any floral print? The colours? The faded quality to it? Does it need to be such a skinny tie? etc.
In considering what I'm looking for in a similar tie.. I would much prefer the chambray. I like that the floral print is understated and not so busy as to be tacky. The faded look is perhaps what makes this particular tie work so well for me and, yes, it needs to be skinny..I think I just realized I was looking for someone to find me this exact tie for cheeper. I'm a law student with no income so spending $70 on a tie is difficult for me. Essentially anything I buy is being financed by my student loans and $70 ties aren't in my budget. I may, however, have to make an exception this time. In reality this post was probably my attempt to assuage my guilty conscience for living slightly beyond on means. Honestly, I think I knew that's what this was about the whole time. 
Thanks, Syeknom, sometimes it just helps to talk it out with someone!
If it helps, I live quite on the cusp of my means with my predilection for expensive ties! Wearing . today. :).What's important is to determine how much value such a tie will have for you. If you're a student how often do you wear ties? In what environment? This tie is . casual and pretty inappropriate for conservative settings such as job interviews, (some) work environments, court, etc. If your motivation is to have ties that will be useful in years to come it's probably not a worthwhile expenditure. If it's just to wear casually with a blazer to dinner/parties/whatever then it becomes more interesting, but of course you have to evaluate your own situation appropriately.
Dang it, why did I follow . 's link. I need to have that tie now. Another 85 bucks down the drain.
That the is gorgeous. Link si vous plais.
Thanks! It's a 
I ordered a MTM suit from . about a year ago and absolutely love the results.  You take all of your own measurements (slightly risky) and send them the measurements as well as choose your fabric.  Their suits do fit nice and snug, I would measure liberally through the hips and butt as I had to have some additional tailoring done to the pants which is to be expected when measuring yourself.  They also left enough fabric so that you could have adjustments made if need be..I believe my suit was around $550 shipping and all.. is a picture of my suit.  It looks darker in the picture than it actually is.  It's more charcoal gray in person.
Suit looks great!
Thanks! I'd recommend checking them out.
I ordered an indochino suit in April. It came back but my tailor was not happy with the shoulders. I applied for a remake and had the new one within 4 weeks. Tailor was actually surprised with the quality. .I had about 100 in tailoring that needed to be done but they give3 you a $75 credit. I have not received the credit yet, so . . . .However, all in all, it was great. I received multiple compliments on it on my first wearing. I will be purchasing again. .Edited to add: Refund of $75.00 just came in. So even better.
I got measured at the black lapel office in NYC. Suit and shirt fits great, most likely due to being measured in person as opposed to doing it by yourself. Subsequent suits/shirts are of consistent size. Quality is much better than indochino for a small premium. 
Top man for casual wear, next for suits.
I like the first one. Fit and the color scheme lend to an interview well. I would, however, recommend a face for the interview.  
I'd go darker. And I'd get a haircut, too.
First one.  The second one looks more like something you'd wear to a wedding...too shiny for an interview.
First.
First one I think looks more business like, but try and get a slimmer tie and maybe increase the length 0.5/1 inch? 
I would say first..And just as a side note, the thumbnail of the picture totally makes you look like Slenderman. Kind of scared me real quick whilst redditing :P
First one.
First.  And dimple your tie.
Ya I'd say the first one too. The second one looks too much like very formal business meeting.
First option is much better. I'm fairly certain that for an interview or anything else that is quite formal and conservative you want to be wearing a dark tie, and it looks like that one is a navy, which is supposed to convey solidity and dependability. In short, a good tie for an interview. Dunno whether a blue or white shirt would be best, but what you're wearing in the picture works quite well as far as I can see. Good luck in the interview. 
Either one will work, but make sure you bring that NERF gun....that will seal the deal
First one, though get a slimmer tie.
First one
Both are great
That's a matter of style. You have to remember that 90% of the time in an interview you want to be wearing a very conservative outfit. Navy / Charcoal suit, white / light blue shirt, and a solid / repp / simple patterned tie in a common color, like a red and blue power tie. A slimmer / skinny tie is actually a very bad choice because of this..Source: I know people who were actually given bad feedback in their interviews literally solely because they wore a skinny tie.
Thanks. All of my slim ties are light-shaded, so I went ahead with this itself. 
Pull your ties tighter, too. The knot looks very haphazardly tied and unkempt.
Good luck, my brownie brother.
You use the word "itself" very oddly :D
Indian English. :/
For the love of god, number 1.
Also, smaller tie knot. Ideally a fairly tight Windsor 
Double Windsor all the way.
I don't give a shit as long as you take the nerf gun with you
I'm a lawyer, the interview is for legal position within an IT Company here in India. The interviewer is a lady, should that be a factor for consideration (perception of colour, etc.. I dont know). .The suit has a tinge of brownishness in certain light. Should I go with the blue shirt with blue/black tie or white shirt and grey (thin) tie?
+1 for nerf gun on bed
Yeah, it's been the victim of an aborted paint job. 
Were you trying to paint the gun, or paint . the gun?
The first is better. Light ties are difficult and this one isn't amazing. The first is more conservative and business-like. Would recommend a smaller knot if that's possible.
Both are good, but I think the first one is slightly better for an interview
Thanks, I went with the first one itself (which seems to be the consensus). The interview went ... swimmingly. .That apart, what's with all the downvotes? Hope I didnt break any subreddit rules with this post. 
Not your fault, people don't like image posts because they're worried that they will hit the front page and misrepresent MFA. You're all good.
misrepresent MFA to whom? Isn't OP's question exactly the kind of post we'd want to represent MFA?
Some wish this subreddit were still (if it could ever really be said that it was, since it was so short-lived) self-post only, so they might be downvoting all image posts regardless of quality. I wish it were still self-post only, but posts like this are the (seemingly rare) exception that are actually good (and I wouldn't mass-downvote image posts regardless of quality anyway - just saying that some might).
Yeah I agree with you. But the people who downvoted this don't want typical, "what should i wear" "does this fit" type posts. because to them it reinforces a conformist, self-doubting MFA..their thoughts not mine
No, the users who are subscribed but do not actively participate see only high ranking posts on their front page and give bad advice or get into arguments. 
If you could post a few pics with the whole outfit and you wearing each pair it'd probably help more 
Ah. Thanks. I would, but I'm currently washing and ironing...
more formal is better
so in this case  captoes.
I think most levis are between 9 and 12oz for the typical non selvage models. 
For Raw models you're probably looking at 12.5 - 13  on average.  .It's funny how Levis thinks 12.5oz is heavyweight.
Nordstrom - Blondo 'Valerio' 
How do you feel about engineer boots, with buckles instead of laces?.Or maybe you could go for a chelsea style boots like these . for j crew. .I think most boots with zippers on them are for women, at least from what I've seen. I don't see why they couldn't make them for men, however.
Hmm, those look pretty good, but I'm looking for something clean looking.  I like those zip boots because there's nothing on the front that can serve as a 'distraction' when seeing the boot.  Thanks for the advice, though.
Interesting!  Do you know anything about the quality of that leather, or the brand in general?
i own a black pair. they're very comfortable and perfect for fall/winter. i walk everywhere (even in rain/snow) so i beat the hell out of them in one year and nordstrom replaced them at no cost even without a receipt. after a month or so they can begin to look worn but a professional polish does wonders.
Great to know! Thanks.
My guess is you'll have better luck looking for pull on boots than zip boots, as there just arent a lot of mens zip boots..super expensive example: 
Oof.  Those look pretty nice.  Sadly my budget is about a third of that.
just look for pull on oxford boots, im sure someone like florsheim, bostonian, or cole haan makes something like that, just nowhere near as good quality.
Alright I'll keep my eye out. Thanks.
anyone have any experience with apc x carhartt?
I don't know of any alternatives. check the pants section on the sidebar for canvas pants, I think there was something in there about them..It would be nice if they made slimmer fitting pants. .As long as you wear them as a functional piece they aren't too bad. A pair of cheaper jeans might be more fashionable, but as you said they aren't as durable.
Carhartt = nothing fashionable
the Carhartt WIP line is targetted towards more fashionable people. All that stuff looks really good and has a much slimmer fit
they're relaxed fit, but they're good working class/ farmer fashion. Like timberlands work boots style..It's something that's rarely/never seen around here, but it is a style in the more rural areas.

Antique.  You want the cufflink to be double sided (both sides are identical or matched, not the modern one side is a push through flip clasp).  The Kent Wangs do indeed do it well..I personally like the 1920's snap link cufflinks:.Price varies on metal and gems.  Gems make the cufflink intended for evening wear only just a heads up.  Example on ebay of amethyst cufflinks:

 do nice simple cuff links. 
My company just launched a customizable cufflink product actually. You can check them out here (scroll down to see some actual prints): .These cufflinks are made on demand, 3d printed in Stainless Steel (with option to get them plated in 24K gold or bronze at no extra charge) for $60/pair. Or, we can print them in Sterling Silver for $160 a pair. .You can add your own initials or even upload your own custom graphic (logos, icons, etc.). So maybe customize it with something he's interested in? 
Think simple.  Since this is a nice gift that he will either wear rarely or wear frequently, ensure you get something that will match with everything.  Silver is a good go to color/metal.  Plain design is preferred.  Reason for this is it makes getting dressed a no brainer and us guys have no brain.  .Perfect example ones:.Site to consider:.I wear a pair from here all day/every day as they are rhodium plated (think never tarnish silver) with multi-color crystals AKA they match everything..If you can up your budget, Tiffany makes some terrific ones too..Always remember eBay for all of the above as cufflinks are frequently sold there for much less with Tiffany having a higher premium due to the name.
So glad you asked! Cufflinks are one of my obsessions. My tips:. Ebay is a good resource for vintage, but you have to be careful about it. Half of the stuff on there is just cheap stainless cufflinks that someone bought in bulk and resells for $5-$30, but they can be nice. You can usually tell by the generic toggleback mechanism or stock photos - ...However, you'll find a lot of vintage stuff on there too, some in poor condition, some in great condition. If you have a style you have in mind (deco, modern [meaning 50s modernist], brass, sterling silver, enamel, guilloche, mother of pearl, bone, amber, lapis, etc.) throw it in as a keyword and see what pops up. You can find anything from cheap treasures to real gold stuff selling for thousands. Remember to differentiate imitations from real, especially in materials (e.g. imitation wood or amber from real stuff). I almost always include "vintage" as a keyword myself..$100-$150 should give you a good budget to play with and will rule out a lot of crap automatically. Try playing with different price ranges (starting below that) and you can probably get some nice stuff for that kind of money. And if you find some sterling silver with tarnish on it, remember you can clean it off with baking soda, salt, and lemon, or with polishing cloths.. Try higher-end mens shops. Someone mentioned Kent Wang below - very nice and unique links for not much. Other shops may include Dunhill, Turnbull & Asser, Harrods, Links of London, etc. Your instinct was right re: Thomas Pink as another. I can't suggest more because I usually buy vintage, but any place that sells nice ties or suits (think Brooks Brothers and up) should stock some nicer cufflinks. Avoid shops like Mens Wearhouse or Overstock - they'll usually stock the same mass-produced stuff that costs $10 on eBay.. You're right that antique stores and estate jewelry shops should have some nice pieces. Just make sure they're in good condition. It'll be hit or miss though.. Finally, some ideas. I prefer . to the single-sided togglebacks that are more generic and mass-produced. However, not all single-side ones are bad; I own a few pairs of togglebacks because I just really loved the link design. .. . are another alternative that are easy to put on, but most examples tend to be cheap and in worse condition than these. They were a mid-century American thing. I definitely own a few pairs. .Avoid anything too big or gaudy - check the measurements if looking online. Some old cufflinks are huge and can look tacky. When in doubt, go simple and elegant. Please avoid novelty ones like car brands or the steampunk ones you see everywhere. I'd also avoid . - they usually have a lot of metal and tacky design, and look like something the cast of Goodfellas wore..If your BF has a favorite color, a birthstone, or heritage you want to emphasize, you can certainly search for that on ebay. Monograms are a good idea. If you find blank metal links you can always take them to an engraving shop yourself. If he's nordic or chinese try something Viking-themed or something like Kent Wang's Kirin dragon ones. .Unfortunately a lot of school-themed links turn out to be gaudy or huge or those generic steel togglebacks, but maybe you'll find something cool there too if he's especially proud of where he went.. Some Styleforum inspiration and .. Hope this helps you narrow some designs down, though some of the cufflinks there are ridiculously expensive, and even custom-made..Finally, if you want help choosing some, PM or reply and I'd be happy to help. I'm always up to waste time.
I know one thing that has always drawn me to fashion is the compliments that accompany looking nice, in your experience, do you get comments on your cufflinks? I own very few french cuffs (read none) but I have some of my fathers and grandfather's really nice cufflinks..Also, do you mind me asking what profession you are in?
Ill occasionally get comments, but I typically go for more reserved cufflinks that escape attention easily. The ones I wear most often are mother of pearl or abalone, which I think are beautiful but also blend in easily as opposed to metal or brightly colored links. .I'm a lawyer, and I rarely have client contact so I can wear what other people in the office wear (which is really all over the place - some people never wear ties or jackets, while others do bowties). I usually split the difference and wear suits about half the time, usually barrel cuffs, but ill bring out the French cuffs when I feel like it and when it's not too gauche (e.g. Probably not a meeting with clients but rather a celebratory dinner or a day when I know ill just be working in my office).
I am also a lawyer. I was imagining a banker or someone from old money being the ideal cufflink model. What you say about your office definitely rings true. Thanks for your words.
Yeah, it definitely depends on your office culture. I know in NY people rarely even do suits anymore, and most people in finance would probably scoff at someone below 30 wearing French cuffs and cufflinks (most of the bankers I know just do a dress shirt and slacks on days they're not meeting anyone). Where I'm working now it's a bit more formal but definitely with a lot of variation within the office, which gives me some freedom to dress up a bit as long as it's not too tacky. I still will usually skip a pocket square, for example.
If NY is dressed down I don't even know what to call Denver haha; I can get away with cowboy boots in my suit.
Wow, dude... If you maybe added a bit more about when to wear these or what styles to wear this is totally sidebar material.
 has samples sizes of many kinds of cologne you can try, for as little as $3 a vial. sizes range from 1/2 ml to 30 ml
Interesting, thank you! I'll hunt through this
[deleted]
This is so ignorant. What if I like to wear cologne at home anyways? Maybe she wants him to smell good before fun times? Maybe they can ..
He meets clients for work, so it's considered a professional curtesy; he's kind of a sweaty guy... .Not that I think it should matter why I'm asking.
 is my favorite, a great scent for summer. It has a Irish Spring sweet smell. Pro tip: get a spray vial, much easier and less messy
dick
Honestly, fragrance is a pretty personal thing so buying a fragrance for someone prior to them trying it on themselves usually ends poorly..OTOH, Cool Water is relatively cheap and available (at WalMart, even, I believe) and smells pretty good. (It is pretty close to a high-end fragrance but doesn't really do it justice).
Thank you, I will certainly get him to check it out, see if he likes it.
Try looking for Jovan NRG with Ginseng. It's a pretty underrated cologne,  and cheap enough to wear as a daily spray. One of my secret weapons. Found at drug stores like Shoppers Drugmart 
cool thanks, I will!
I think I saw an actual advice mallard with a good suggestion that when you do buy the cologne, ask for a sample of the same cologne so that your husband can test the scent before opening the expensive full bottle.
seems like you're assuming here.
I just went to Nordstrom Rack the other day and they had several high-end colognes for half the price. For example, Dolce & Gabbana The One was around $25 for the smallest size. 
Oh really? I guess I thought they only had clothes haha. I think there's an outlet mall not far from us; ill check it out. Thank you.
I'm not an expert on tiffany but that could be fake..As far as I am aware tiffany uses sterling silver which is 925 and typically stamped as such. Yours is stamped 923, which is not sterling silver. .Where did you get it from?
It does say 925 - the picture is just blurry. 
My family got it from Tiffany's - likely not fake :)
ahh ok cool
I came across that too. But the bracelet is gold-colored, not silver.
hmm thats tough, as I said the 925 denotes that its sterling silver.In any event you can probably be fairly certain its a venetian link ID bracelet, even if they don't make a gold one anymore
It has been sitting in a drawer for a few years. Do you think silver might turn gold-hued naturally?
Rub a little bit of tooth paste on it. The tarnish should come right off. Or use tarn-x, but that stuff is poison.   
looks like 925 to me...though the 5 looks quite a bit like an s
And that's the problem, I'd have to wait till I can check my gf's jewelry but the 5 usually has a much straighter edge from memory. It just looks off, even if it is a 5
Traditionally Black Patent Leather Shoes are for when you are wearing a tux.  .They would really stand out worn with anything else.  I'm not saying it couldn't work with some things, but you'll be going against the norm and drawing a heck of a lot of attention to your shiny black shoes.  It is kind of like trying to wear a black bow tie casually.  Hypothetically it might be possible but I really wouldn't recommend it.  .Here's a 
I think if you aren't going to wear them super formally, you need to wear them in a very weird manner (of which I cannot help).  Good luck, though.
I appreciate your input. Duly noted, thank you! 
Well I already have 2 pairs of brown dress shoes from hugo Boss as well so for any wedding events and such I'm taken care of. I guess I'll return them if I don't see a use for it. For a $100 or so, I couldn't resist! 
Devendra Banhart is my hero.
2edgy4me.check am appy
3edgy5me. Try uniqlo, jcrew, H&M, brooks extra slim fit and gitman. 
but sure there's plenty of places to get shirts like that. check out uniqlo and j. crew ocbds, j. crew's actually having a sale today so thats convenient. 
Thanks for the replies everyone!
I think Jcrew have some nice shirts but otherwise nothing really takes my interest... I am also very indecisive, which makes shopping for things quite difficult!
Perhaps someone knows of a smaller, more boutique like place online?
Nailed it. 
This . might fit the bill
Looks exactly what i'm after, bit out of my price range though. Thanks anyway!
Here's another option from .. I have one of their 100% linen blazers from last season, and it has held up really well. 
They're so short though
Uniqlo's sizing charts are actually really well done, check them out. .Specifically for t-shirts, I'm usually in S in Merona (but their sizing is so inconsistent idk if I'm wearing smaller ones or what an 's' is supposed to be) and I wear XS in uniqlo tees. Uniqlo tees are probably going to run shorter than mossimo tees, I regularly hear mossimo as a brand tall dudes should check out. 
As everyone else has said, the 'Qlo has awesome sizing charts, so you'd be best served simply taking a tape measure to yourself and deducing the best fit..That said, I . noticed that 'Qlo runs more than a little large often times.  I'm usually a slim size M in shirting w/ a 15.5" neck.  Qlo size S slim fits me the best, however.  Also, I'm a 38R for sportcoats.  Again, this translates to a size S in Uniqlo sizing, so don't be surprised if you find yourself sizing down there..Their linen shirts are also tents, so keep that in mind.
Get a tape measure compare your best fitting shirt to the Uniqlo size chart. 
I just bought a few Uniqlo v-neck tees and normally wear Mossimo v-neck tees.  I am an M in both, and they must have similar measurements, because they both fit quite well.  
Uniqlo size charts include detailed garment dimensions. .EDIT: There is no such thing as being a size X in brand Y. Mossimo tees might work for you in size M, but that doesn't say anything about Mossimo polos or jackets. The same goes for Uniqlo. I love how their slim OCBDs fit me in size XS, but they also sell a lot of stuff in the same size that fits me like shit. Your best bet is to go by the detailed dimensions that they provide per product.
I think they're similar. I have a bunch of Mossimo tees in medium, and one Uniqlo tee in medium, and they are pretty close.
Do not wear a white tie, where's the interview?  A lighter blue shirt would be better and maybe a navy tie or something.
I'd shave the goatee but looking good otherwise.  
Can't tell much from just the upper half of your body.
here's the deal, dress for the role in life you want. no offense (really) but you look like a cater-waiter on a cig break. .1) Shave clean
2) Get a white shirt
3) red or navy based tie. a small print is ok, solid is fine, nothing flashy
4) get a grey or navy suit...wear the jacket it shows respect
5) wear a belt (black or brown, just make sure it matches your shoes)
6) wear decent shoes, preferably lace-up dress shoes that match your belt (doesn't have to be a perfect match, just brown/brown; black/black)
7) do not wear white athletic socks...wear navy, grey or black socks .Once you do that, you've checked the box on most of the visuals and it comes down to what you've got in your head. Once you are the boss you can wear whatever makes you happy.  .PS: I know this sounds like conformist bullshit. That's fine. However, I didn't make the rules, I'm just trying to help you play by them. Once you get the job, you can figure out what you can/can't get away with b/c every company culture is different.
Sounds like a lot of good advice. Honestly, most of it is exactly what I needed! I have a jacket. Ill see if I have a white shirt. if not, can I get away with a black dress shirt? anything I can do  to pass with it?
honestly, i wouldn't wear a black one...its too clubby. white or dress blue (not navy)....think the color of a blue oxford shirt....your local TJ Maxx or Marshalls should have a good dress shirt for $30 or so
I will try, but again. Flat broke. once I get something put together, ill post it up again. you'll be there, right? 
I should be. hey man, these are guidelines. if you really can't afford it, do your best with what you've got, but a white or blue dress shirt in your closet is never going to be a bad thing anyhow..Best of luck on the interview. 
TBH, you kind of look like a waiter/host with the black/navy shirt and white tie, which is appropriate if you are interviewing for those positions. Also, your tie should be neater (i.e. tighter at the top, and the narrow end should be behind the wide). .White ties are usually for formal occasions though, but you can probably pull it off with an air of confidence and badassery. Just make sure it's tied with purpose.
kinda just threw it together to see what you guys thought. the interview isn't for a couple days, so i wanted to get my ducks in a row
Good! Ducks are very important. I read somewhere awhile back that the best color shirt to make a decent impression at an interview would be blue. Pair that up with a hint of red somewhere in your tie, and you will look great.
I will definitely see what I can swing! thank you all!
We're glad you came. Try this:.1) White or light blue shirt with a better fit;.2) Dark red tie, tied much more neatly;.3) Shave off the goatee..What you're wearing right now is appropriate for tending the bar at a college fraternity event. It is not appropriate for an interview.
Thank you for the blunt and honest answer, I figured the goatee would have to go, but i didn't think of a different tie. I may have to go with a less appealing tie because i am on a budget, (read: broke) but i will be following as much advice as I can! 
No, not if you buy your correct size. 
I've found their waist-knee-ankle measurements to be accurate.

Don't get caught up on the shirt, I know its wrinkly and it could fit better
I know it's not fall yet, but it's a little more chilly than usual tonight. Let me know what you think. 

  It's what I wore to work today..I'm still not use to dressing like this every day. And I'm having a hard time coming up with colors that I like that work together..My wardrobe is still in its infancy, I mostly have blacks and greys. I'm trying to find some brown colors that look good. But I'm having trouble. And my other question is this, Even though my sleeves are rolled up, Does this shirt look like it fits me properly?
I think it could be a bit tighter in the body, but it seems like you're a somewhat bigger guy, so maybe not..I don't really like those colors together, if the picture and my monitor are accurate. Is that black and olive? I'd get some different colored pants if I were you. Black is hard to match with.
Mossimo / Gap / LL Bean. Apologies for the iPhone quality.
first WAYWT post..
Not too good with fashion yet but I try..
.cheap eddie bauer shirt, pants, famous footwear shoes

First fit looks much better than the second. Last fit would be good without the button down.
Yes, I am a bit "round" in the mid-section. Roughly 230lbs. I'm more of the thick/solid type. Even if I lost 40-50lbs I'd still have a barrel chest and thick legs. So I tend to be more comfortable in clothing that is a little loose..I've never worn close that actually "fit" because any style/cut feels restrictive when I try to move. And the pants are black, the shirt is a brighter green..Although I do have an olive/pastel type green shirt as well that I'll pair with grey pants..In all honesty I'm clueless with colors..
I really struggle with colors too, man. I mostly stick to really easy matches. Have you looked through all the sidebar color guides and the body-type guide for "heavy dudes"? They do help quite a bit. If you want better help than I can give, I'd suggest posting in an Outfit Feedback thread sooner after it's made than you did here.
Finally found some green pants my wife will let me wear.  Turning out pretty dark/hard to tell they are green in the photos though..Uniqlo/Levi's/Sperry's

it looks pretty good. its actually pretty easy to tell that they're an olive color..they might be a bit long which causes the hem of the pants to flare out..if you wear white sneakers then you get mfa uniform 3.0 lol
I think pants with less break, or a cuff, would be better if you're wearing boat shoes
I don't think the high tops work.
Cool, it was just an experiment.
Might be better with different pair of shoes. Usually belt and shoes should match.

I was digging through my closet yesterday and found some old flannels, tshirts, and bball shoes. Decided to mess around and throw 'em together. Not my usual style, but what do you guys think?
Pants fit ok, but that's about it...
its horrible
Rolled/cuffed pants are a decent look, I generally prefer them on myself when the cuff is somewhat chunky, but I have vvvv skinny legs, so the contrast is often needed. .I'd probably try pairing the pants with a pair of brown leather shoes? Boat shoes or some decent semi-casual brogues would go pretty well. 
Looks good. I'd only say that if the chinos are pinrolled I'd just change it to a normal roll. It looks a little too tight and constrained for such a casual fit.
Am I the only one that dislikes the look of the shortened pants that barely reach the ankle?  It looks sloppy.
Lyle & Scott Vintage Polo Shirt.Selected Homme Soho five pocket pants.Fred Perry shoes
cuff those pants lover, it makes everything look so much more neat, other than that i always rock a pair of chinos and that colour polo when brain is too slow to think of something complicated, love it, love you, love outfit, love everyone. especially love those docksides.
Lover?
The weather in Denmark finally resembles something you could call summer! I'm excited to start going sockless! 
Dine bukser er rullet alt for langt op. Men ellers fedt outfit.
The cuffing on the chinos and big shoes make your ankles look tiny tbh. I think going with shorts or just unrolling them all the way would be better.
i think you need different shorts for the high tops, like pod shorts
The colours are very s/s so you're fine.
good fit on the pieces. Shoes give off a really casual vibe, so if you wore this to work, you should get darker leather shoes. Try OF&FC thread tonight or tomorrow for more feedback!

Just hangin' around 
I don't think that this fit needs a belt, and especially not that one (too matchy).I like the colour scheme though. .But the shoes match the shirt too much. Maybe white plimsoles instead?
Belt is really distracting. Shoes and shirt are really matchy looking, could just be the picture though.
It would way better without the graphic tee and with a different belt. 
Something random on
The 2nd photo... what is going on. Sartorial Superman?
i dont get what you were going for with your 2nd pic 

if my job is fighting fashion crime. sure, although i need pointers myself

BR button down, Dockers D1, To boot shoes. 
jacket: Brooks Brothers, shirt: Ralph Lauren Rugby, tie: Vintage Walker & Florio, pants: Brooks Brothers, shoes: Ferragamo
I'm no expert of gun safety but i'm pretty sure pointing a loaded gun at your dick is not a good idea. 
It looks like your jacket is too big. Or at least not very well tailored to your frame.
[deleted]
Think you double posted this.

Not with those chunky high tops. Try a canvas high top like Converse. Though they might not work with your legs

Ok, i've never been able to pull of shorts/tanktop, because i treetrunk thighs (proportionally) and a narrow upper body, so with the billowy lowcut tanks that everyone wears, i end up looking like a circus tent..Found these higher cut and more slimfitting tanktops, thought i'd give them a go. Feels a bit weird, but i never really wear shorts above the knee or tank tops, so it's bound to feel unnatural, need a bit of feedback.
looks good and comfy to me
Shorts look like swimtrunks because of the white stripe on the bottom (tank doesn't help either)..Tank looks a bit small but nothing too bad. I think one size up would still look alright.
tommy hilfiger / BDG / doc marteens.just recently starting giving a shit about what i dress like so i'd love to hear some feedback. sorry for the shitty quality.
Your feet look sort of cartoonishly big. Honestly, those boots look too big for you, but maybe you just have really long feet. I would suggest either lower profile shoes/boots or less skinny jeans, the combination is what makes it look jarring.

Looks good, but the polo + tight jeans are accentuating your hips and giving you feminine proportions. I think it would look better with a loose fitting button down or long tee. Something like . 
I wore this yesterday before going on a brief bike ride..
Just got a leather belt blank from Hobby Lobby.  .  .Shirt: Lands End.
Jeans: Unbranded 201 @ 4 months.
Boots: Wolverine 1000 Mile Addisons  
I also agree about untucking the shirt. You could try getting fitted OCBDs so you don't have to tuck in. Also, maybe try to find a belt that match the shoes or vice versa or maybe even a watch strap or something that matches shoes in a more subtle way. I don't know why the boot and the belt color difference are so jarring. Could just be me!
Paul Rudd?
I feel like if you made the single cuff into two cuffs half the size, would look a bit more clean. 
I'm about to recieve 2 new pairs of raw denim so thank you for the advice.
I get this a lot.
I think this would work better with an untucked shirt.
Fair enough, I will try finding some oxfords I don't have to tuck in.
But no, you are right about the belt, I'm debating whether or not to dye it or just let it age naturally. 
impulse bought a gray crewneck today .so now heres my interpretation of the . lol.edit - i think the mfa uniform 2.0 might be with beige pants... i dont remember lol
Are those Alpha Khakis?? The color. I must have 'em.
haha this isn't uniform 2.0 but I think it looks sick anyway
this is more like mfa uniform 2.5
yeah, top block is 2.0 and bottom is 3.0
it was with raws
goddamn
yup. havent see this colourway on amazon. got it in stores at the bay (canada)
 MFAEbbets, Descendant of Thieves, Taylor Stitch, Proof NY.Bonus:
Not so sure about the hat here. Maybe try wearing it a bit further back on your head? It looks like it may be sitting funny on you in the picture.
it fits everyone's head like that. kind of a weirdly shaped hat.
Very fair. Is that due to the use of a leather strap instead of it being fitted? Or just the overall design of Ebbets hats? I can't say I recall other Ebbets hats looking like that.


I'm savin' up for it eventuallybut I just blew several months worth of discretionary money on a 3D printer.
Oh wow! Have fun with that!
oh snap.did you make a reprap?

First WAWYT, finally found a green shirt with good fit and came to realization my white plain shirt is too long. Also two hand picture for being too shakey after 5 cups of coffee to take it with one hand.
It's mighty hot here in NYC. I ended up getting rid of the sunglasses. Don't really think Aviators look good on me.
i never liked brogues with shorts, they are too heavy for a light, breathable outfit, but that is just me..and to hell with the aviators, clubmasters4life yo, my dog fits in a pair of club masters, and if my dog fits in a pair of clubmasters, you fit in a pair of clubmasters.
Not brogues
so what do you call them? i know the swedish name for them, but it doesn't translate to english. mocha brogues?
Derbies would be the easiest word for them. Brogueing/brogues refers to perforations typically arranged in a patter . derbies, most often found on wingtips.

Haha, thanks..So what long pants would the shoes be okay with? Gray chinos? Navy pants? .Not sure about khaki chinos as those who match with the shoes to much.
okay, my post above was mostly in a broad sense where brogues + shorts = not my favourite. now, those brogues with a pair of long pants, i would say that these beige mochas are shoes that i never considered buying, or have seen anyone wear in a way that makes me swoon. off the top of my head i would wear them with a veryvery lightly washed pair of denims, or red chinos where the red is dark in colour, but matted, almost sun faded (i love sun faded pieces, goooosh)..i can't see those fitting with gray chinos, and i think they are too bright a colour for navy. i dunno man, you chose a hard nut and i ain't cracking it. give me some time, a few nights, let me dream, and i might get back to you. because they are pull-offable.
Googled a few looks that seem good.
yep, white chinos, go, you win, i love that, do it. i honestly dont think i would have thought of that.
Very nice shirt/short combo. The shoes look a little chunky for this outfit IMO.

Where's the shirt from? Isn't listed on dressed.so
looks good dude, just tuck the white tee in under your other shirt. And is one of those cuffs bigger than the other? or is it just the angle?
sprezz
Partially angle, partially bag strap thing
I thought he was talking about the pants
I think he talked about the cuffing on the pants? Looks a little weird with different sizes. Just hide the white tee and it's a killer.
And now I realize he did, and those are differently sized. Tried on pants in the same store and fucked up. Woops
well then all's good, just the tee tuck then!
Semi-casual church attire In Florida .Random blue short sleeve I got in Guatemala because of the light, breathable material. 
side pic in there to check sleeve length/fit.Slate green (?) Levi's 511 trousers.Nike dress socks? (Idk what they're named, but the have that Nike sporty fit, with cool patterns).Clark's loafers (i'm going to replace these soon with some brown wingtips).Folding  ray ban wayfarer glasses in a mint green

ditch the socks. bare ankles would make this 10x cooler. 
Flexing...
nope, just been cutting over the summer


fuck i would consider paying for that jacket.
mhm this one is crisp.well done
Yeah, that's a dope-ass jacket. A different t-shirt color would look better though, light grey or white would look best I think.
^.Thrifted Old Navy/./Thrifted with no sign of the maker
I hate that you linked those because now I know they were $11 and now I really want something out of stock.
Those look great man, I have the slim ones and love them. Are they a little big in the waist? looks like there might be some bunching
Yeah, you're spot on with that observation. I'm in a tricky area where some company's 34's fit me pretty well, while their 32's are too tight, but with Asos, the 34 was somewhat too loose.
I hear ya. Asos sizing is weird/inconsistent. I have the navy slims in 32 and I ordered the exact same thing in kaki and it was way too tight. 
thats really good looking dude.
Definitely a steal. They look great with those boots.
fit is on point to the 10
Thanks, I tailored both of them myself.
Try one less cuff on the chinos
I've been seeing that style here a lot, and I'm kinda new, can you explain it to me? .Is it only with chinos? How far up should it go? 
It should be probably an inch or two above that bone on your ankle when not sitting down. 
It can be done with jeans as well, it's a more casual, summery look
Super late to the game, but figured I'd give this a shot. I'm in Ireland for the month and anticipated cold and dreary weather. It was 85 degrees today. .H&M, Levis, CDB
It's kinda hard to tell how everything fits but your fit looks solid and  I like the sloppy cuffs on your jeans. 
You're in Ireland and you're not wearing linen? But everything looks good and cool fit!

In pic 1, I thought your boots were really really big. Didn't realize they were in the foreground. Cool pics.
God damn I miss the PNW

My cheapest outfit. .Glasses 10$
T shirt is mossimo 7$ 
shorts are Arizona on sale for 12$ shoes are mossimo  on sale for 12$ 

shorts are too long and have too much flare. tee may be a little short as well. good balance of colors.
Shorts are long, but the tee fits pretty well.
If they had less flare they wouldn't look too long.
Belated 4th of July pics.., x-post to ...Shirt: Old Navy. Jeans: Vans. Shoes: Walkover derbies. Watch: Weekender.
Upboat for the shoes.

You can wear whatever the fuck you want in 112deg weather.
For real, Florida doesn't get that hot but I'll be damned if MFA tells me I can't wear flip flops and a tank in this July/August heat.
Fortunately my 112 is with almost no humidity... I'd honestly take that over Florida's 95 with soup-like humidity 
Yes! Orlando summers are pretty much daily rain with temperatures in the 90s. We get like two weeks of what some might call "cold" and the rest is hell.
Keeping it simple for Monday at the office. .Merona OCBD 
Gap 
Clark Bushacre.
.

Whoa, you look like 
basic, but solidly done
Loving this one man, really simple stuff but it all fits perfectly.
I think your glasses look a little big, but everything else looks good.
i like your tattoo

Simple for work.Gap/Uniqlo/Clarks
Nice look. Is the shirt off white, as it's hard to tell due to lighting.
It's grey.
What kind of Clarks are those? just desert boots? They look better than usual. And the Gap shirt, is it their "modern oxford shirt"? (I need new clothes).
They are more dressy Greenwhich boots..And yes this is modern oxford shirt (got it tailored). I really like the fabric on these...
Undo another button
Jeans are stacking weird.  Might want to hem or cuff them.
Fruit of the loom | JCP | Merona
Did you get those shorts tailored or did they come that form-fitting? Looks good.
I simply cannot condone the camo, good fit though. 
I thought the same thing until I tried them on. Now I love camo.
Well it doesn't actually bother me, but I don't think I could take someone wearing camo seriously.  It could just be mfa brainwashing me though haha
MFA brainwashed me to like camo.


those shorts look awkward

don't know if it's the cut or the print but getting a boxers vibe from those shorts
My first WAYWT, hope I'm doing this right..
Vineyard Vines/Jcrew/LLBean.
Vineyard Vines/Jcrew/Sperry
Love it all. Every time I see Vineyard Vines I have to keep from blowing my whole paycheck away.
You should post more. I like picking up outfit ideas like this. Nice post.
first post:.wedding

Congrats and Nice fit.
Not his, I assume.
thanks! but yeah, it was just a friend's wedding. 
You wouldn't download a jacket. 
Guess its time to do my first WAYWT post. .Suit is a Linen-Cotton Ludlow from J.Crew.  I'm really glad I got it because was extremely hot and humid when this was taken.  I was much cooler than I would have been in a wool suit.   .The Pink Tie and Lapel Pin were non-negotiable as my Mom is currently doing Chemo and couldn't be at the wedding.  I think the light blue worked with it though. .The wrinkles in linen when it gets hot and damp kind of remind me of raw denim. 
You could get some sunglasses like American optical rounded aviators if you want similar to your current sunglasses, which do not look good. Try them on though because they don't match everyone's face. 
You're not allowed to make fun of my $10 Skechers!.The shades were more a practicality than a fashion statement, if I had known I was being photographed I probably would have taken them off.  .You know where I could try the sunglasses you recommended on? 
Some surplus stores carry american optical sunglasses, or you could try ray ban caravans or other rounded aviators, which are similar.  Some people have a problem with the lenses being too far apart so you have to make sure they fit before purchasing. 
Pretty good. Pretty dang good. How light/heavy would you say the suit is?
I'd say it's about a 3 on a scale of 1 to 10.  Definitely lighter and more breathable than wool, but not as airy as seersucker or something that's unlined. 
Thanks for answering. I ask because I tried on their herringbone linen ludlow jacket and was . at how heavy it was. Sounds like yours is much breezier. 
No problem, it's a pain to find Ludlows to try on anywhere, at least where I'm at.  .To be clear, I interepreted the question as how well the fabric breathed as opposed to its actual weight.  It still is a structured suit, and the fabric is somewhat thick, so it's not a paperweight.  .It did breathe nicely at the wedding though, especially in the wind.  Way better than a wool. 
The pink and blue look nice together but the pocket square could do with being a different colour, it's too similar to the shirt here.
I agree with you 100%.  I was limited to the squares I had around ths house for this wedding.  PS is actually white with a blue tip but the square fold hides too much white and makes it look just blue.  I should have done a different fold so that didn't happen.  .I think I'm going to try to cop a mid blue denim or chambray square to use with this suit so it doesn't look like I'm matching the shirt. .  
J. Crew Pocket Tee / Dockers Alpha Chinos / Thorogood boots
That collar looks like it's choking you bro
Lace differently. Instead of starting from bottom to top in the first loop, go over then under. 


Where'd you get the sweatshirt? 
JCrew, was on sale. It is lambswool
The color + texture of that sweater goes great with the shorts. Awesome. 
How do you figure?
I really like wearing sweaters and shorts, it also works well if you push up the sleeves.
I did that naturally right after I took the picture, good call!

great job!
you spooked me
ASPAGETTA
I dig this. I want those shoes man, give me them.


nah mate if they didn't have the adidas logo they'd just be skechers
should get some adidos or adibas

word I've been looking for some good abibas what do you think of 
I don't like the blue. Try this 

nah man i want abibas not adibas, i've heard bad things about adibas's quality as of late
H&M, H&M, Nike Flash (i know, laces are untied)
Nice! I really need to find me some navy chino shorts that fit.
really nice fit, really nice colors, perhaps add a watch? a nato band coupled with that outfit? afmug = wet.


Merz b. Schwannen .Rogue Territory .MMM.Proportions look a little off, think it's the angle of the pic
yeah your right arm looks tiny. you should take a better one because the fit of that Merz looks not so great imo
I sized up so that it'd be more of an overshirt, and it looks a little baggy in the body here but I like the fit. .It also looks wrinkley .
 but it's not baggy
yeah that looks much better. I think with the fitted sleeves the body has to match, and the proportion issues in that first pic didn't help

how do you like the henley?
Love it, material is thick but isn't hot. The details are beautiful, particularly the cuffs and buttons but the underarm gussets and lack of side seams are neat too.
Where did you come from with your cool dressing and shit? like this a lot
He's been around the past month or two... where have . been? .Oh wait, Spain. 
Haha thanks, been lurking a while, now that I'm out of school for a year or so I've been posting more.

I missed last Friday's WAYWT so here I am a little behind. 
are you in Houston?

whats the brand on those shorts?
Merona from Target. They're like $20 or so which is pretty sweet. They fit me well, but I have jumbo thighs so your results may vary. .Edit: they are the Merona shorts, not Mossimo. Regardless, they came from my local Target. 
I'm afraid not. Why?

Slacklining is so much fun!
Ah I love the "Back to back world war champs" shirts.
wrinkled/levis/nike
Shit man you're not kidding about the new uni. Lot of that in here.
leg-opening cuff width to ankle ratio is off..there are better choices of shoes for this - loafers with a pant roll would improve this look.
i rolled them afterwards.i hate loafers though and the white sneakers are part of the point of this
u call these pants green???? :@
oh they're green twill pants.i kinda wish they were greener chinos though
thats what i said u can't halfass the mfa uniform 3.0

dammit dude the amount of times ive seen you... nevermind.
pronssi 2.0

You're like a gorilla zayg



ur out the club mate sorry
You've sent multiple on snapchat you liar
They're just for you, bby
i've said it before.but you really are every british kid in the world
told u in irc mate u gotta roll not cuff
I second the motion
alt: 501s, one more cuff


I feel like I needed darker pants. Unsure. Thanks!
I like the pants. I definitely know what you mean, and I might feel uncomfortable with them on, but if I saw someone else wearing them I would think that person looked good.
Maybe..but I think the belt breaks it up enough that it's OK. You dun good.
I think the shirt sleeves might be on the short side, but yeah I would say darker pants would go a lot better. Also the pant fabric clashes a little with the shirt, but overall I think this is a good look.
For what it's worth I really like this outfit. The pants+shoes+belt contrast works very well..The shirt could have been solid texture with approximately the same color, but that's just tomato tomahto.
Everything fits really well in this.
The colors don't really contrast from one another too much. Might need darker pants as you suggested.

I have that scarf. You got that from Target. I like it.

Shoes don't work with this.
Your feet look so freaking tiny
cannot unsee...

The boots look way too heavy for the upper half of this fit, really throws the proportions off.
Noted. I just got them and couldn't resist not wearing them.
It seems like you took this picture from waste height, which might throw off the proportions substantially. 
I have the same Thorogoods, and I know the feeling. They're pretty bulky boots, so expect to get some comments on them. But they are also durable, comfortable, and they make you look like a badass. Rock 'em.
 i just love this suit, and all of its brethren, considering buying a brown one as well..suit: tiger of sweden.shirt: stenstroms 100% linen.jeans: nn07 raw denim.shoes: rizzo mocha (brogues? yea i think that's what they're called).shades: ray-bans.edit: forgot the handkerchief, also stenstroms 100% silk
Lays nice..The alternating button color is dopeshit.
This look is really badass.  Great execution.
What product did you use in your hair?
i use a wax made by a swedish company named l'anza, called urban molding paste and i use a hairspray named PROFFS that i think is intended for women... but it works fucking awesome. both spray and wax are ultra-cheap, but my mother is a hairdresser and she told me that these two are the shit, and right she was, and is.
also worth noting is that my hair looks soooo much more fabulous the day after i shower, hence i plan my showering, since i do not need to shower every day, so that i skip showering if i know i want to look good the next day. a bit of natural hair grease is just the best conditioner for me.
Thanks for the detailed response! How well does your hair hold up?.I ask because I style mine similarly and it doesn't hold at all while at work and I wind up having to push my bangs out of my eyes.

I like it. Excellent fit on that DB jacket.

You look like "The Captain" from How I Met Your Mother.
Looks great. Bold choice mixing the worn demins with that jacket but I think you pull it off.
interesting point of view, since i rock a pair of worn denims to just about anything. should i be scared of that shit, you mean? because i never was, and i am not, but i could become!
Nothing fits better than confidence. Or in more practical advice: It depends where you are going but you might want to mix in some chinos if it is that sort of crowd.
oh yes, i get you then, but the look i was strolling towards here was just a casual "go to the coffee-shop stare at butts and drink some chai latte and maybe even enter a store or two", but i totally feel you with the chinos, and i am a chinos man.
You do double breasted nicely.
i see them coming back more and more, and i love them more and more for each day. db for life maddafacka.
I have yet to find one that fits me well
This was from a very warm Friday.  Just running around and doing some errands.  I probably should have looked at the camera, but ah well..retrosuperfuture,
old h&m,
Rt x tcm
seavees
steinhart
which seaveas they look good
Nice shorts, I was thinking of picking up the same pair. How's the quality and the fit?
Excellent fit, excellent quality. They were my first RT item and now in hooked.  I'm not really a shorts person..but that may because I hadn't had a pair of shorts that fit as they should.  The sizing chart on RT is accurate and that's what I based my measurements off.  They've stretched slightly but not too much.   However I've yet to wash them so I can't comment on any shrinkage.
Excellent fit.
Thanks!
Way to rock those new RgT shorts. Especially with the white sneaks.
How is the quality on the glasses?
Glasses have been great.  I wear them constantly and they take quite the beating.  Definitely equal or better than Ray ban quality but I feel the lenses are slightly superior.
Interesting, thanks. 

you . look like john lennon here
Agreed. I think it is mostly the sunglasses and hair. Similar to . picture.
 while drinking. the second picture is your classical 'lel i'm drunk' picture..norse / our legacy / jack&jones t-shirt / h&m / our legacy
How'd you get tiny-head Justin Bieber to come to your house?
Do not like pinroll. Otherwise nice.

I think this is perfect, honestly. 
the pinroll works here IMO
I think that the pinroll + hat + 'casual one button buttoned' together come off as affected and tryhard. Its not adding much, and the super skinny LO looks silly. Normal cuff, and with it a cleaner line would look really nice here, I think. Super casual, just like everything else in the outit: slip ons, open shirt over white tee, hat etc. .Why do you think it works?
I think you might be right actually, but I'm just now slowly starting to like looser clothing. so it was natural to try a pin roll like that, to sort of ease the transition, if you get where i'm coming from
... wait a minute what is your username referring to? It's a line from my favorite song at the moment, but I don't think it was out when you made your account..And I'm totally with you, I did the same thing, but now I just let my pants fall how they will. Cool fit either way though. Your friends pants are really tight, but he looks cool too.
The national, i need my girl. There was a live version from Q on youtube back when I made the account. Great song, greater band..Thanks man, I guess I'll get used to the looser roll/cuff soon enough. yeah he really likes his tight pants, he's one skinny motherfucker. 

I think the taper it creates looks good going into the slimmer shoes. I've just personally never been a fan of pants fitting loosely around the ankles, especially if the shoes are similar to the slip-ons he has here.  .Also, I don't think you're wrong that a normal cuff would work here. I would just prefer the pinroll myself.
red hat throws me off, not a fan
Hanes V // Levi's Trucker // APC PS // CDB's.Just got the trucker last week and I'm loving it..EDIT: And if anyone's interested in the belt, I randomly stumbled across this dude on Etsy that makes nice natural leather belts for 
I think this post just convinced me to pick up a trucker jacket. Nice fit, man
Highly recommended. I've been on the fence for a while until I saw a post in frugalmalefashion about these being on sale for ~$40 on Levis.com. I was a little worried about sizing since some people said they run huge, others said they run really small. I'm 5'10, 150lbs, and wear smalls in everything (t-shirts, button-ups, sweaters) so I went with a small and it fits perfectly.
I like this. My brother has a levis trucker jacket that seems to be one of a kind he thrifted that has a zipper instead of buttons and also has those wrist area zippers and it's totally badass. I want one.
Think it all looks great
I bought my full grain leather belt for $0.50 at a goodwill rejects wholesale outlet store. Buy by the pound of anything. I've used it the majority of days for the past 2 years. Best $0.50 ever spent.
Do it. Make sure it's nice and tight on your body. 

Yeah, I've been considering picking up one from Levis too, but the only problem has been that they've been out of my size in the slim fit rigid one. Ghost looks pretty good, though, so it's a tough call. 
Daaaaaayyyyyuuumm.
looks good, what wash is the trucker?
Ghost, son.
I'd like a henley in place of the v-neck, and maybe something cooler and a bit more substantial than CDBs, but very nice and simple on the whole. I wouldn't show the belt if you're doing that on purpose either though.
I don't really think the clarks work here. It seems like a more work-ish boot would work better than the desert boot. 
Good tip. I have a pretty fresh pair of Thorogood's I've been trying to break in.
J.Crew | Costco receipt | J.Crew | Vans.The . is coming in nicely.
Did you roll the sleeves because they were flaring? I took mine to the tailor to be taken in.
I did
That a popover? Looks good on you. I'm thinking of grabbing their striped one in "twilight mist". 
I actually really wanted that twilight mist one, but I couldn't find it anywhere in store.  Bought this one over the weekend aaaaaand they're 30% off right now.  Shit.


up vote for the veggie patch. 
Is that a pocket square?
No, I was at Costco earlier and forgot I had the receipt still in my pocket.  Didn't realize it until later and I was too lazy at that point to retake it.
LIES
Ah man, I thought it was like a highlight on the pocket and really liked it.
Looks pretty cool actually..
I actually had a dream last night that wearing pocket squares like this became a big trend...this is blowing my mind. 
I modeled for my photographer friend recently, and I found this picture to be the best one he took. Everything is Uniqlo except for the shoes, which are Sperry's.  

Could you link me to those uniqlo shorts
  
I think if you rolled the bottom of your shorts once and undid another button, it would look significantly more relaxed 
I like that the color scheme is appropriate for the setting. Makes for a good picture. Sometimes people focus too much on the outfit and don't take the rest into account. Good job.
everything looks solid. . slightly shorter shorts would help, but it looks good even without them.
I think his short length is perfect it all looks great
I think the longer inseam + shape of his calves is making his legs look a little stubby, and a shorter inseam might help that. it does look good as is, though


Do you use gel or anything for your hair?

the boulder is pleased.....
Sometimes a little Crew Fiber!
I feel like there's been a sudden influx of people talking about climbing lately. Which is totally cool. But it's making me super competitive. Good thing you all live in another country. 
Do you think you could take a close up picture of your hair?
Bouldering? You seem to be missing a beanie. 
I know right? I can't imagine how much the other people climbing were judging me for not having one. 
at least you brought a shirt to take off.
You have beautiful hair.
Ha, I appreciate it! 
points for bouldering in style
points for just bouldering!
Couldn't have been very easy with pants that tight
They're actually the pants I always climb in, never hinders or I wouldn't wear them. 

Points for just style!
Points!
Me: uniqlo, adidas .Him: something, something, jdbee x vans
gap, d1's, vans
info on haircut pollen
What do you ask for when you go in to get your hair cut (Pollen)?
i do it myself. cut the sides and back with a 4, then fade a 3 from the bottom (neck and around the ears) into the 4. dont touch the top with anything but thinning shears and dont thin the very front, just the top, back and sides a little so the front can lay without poofing up. .while it looks ok, my hair is a barbers worst nightmare cause i havent had it professionally cut in over a year. i just do whatever to make it lay right.

minus the shoes we basically have the same fit
which is surprising cause we have so many of the same shoes lol

looks like nicolai was being proper cheeky during the photo and your just hiding your smirk

too cool
hashtag WASTED
dat hidden giggle on nicolai's face. awww. 
he looks so cute.

wait is that a handle?
it can be whatever you want it to be
i can see nicolai's #cockbulge
Why did I open the image to look again? There is no reason I need to look at another man's mooseknuckle.
better question why aren't you using RES?
There's no reason you . to look at other how strangers online dress either, we just do what we like
give into your carnal desires
okay. Wanna dutch rudder?
what.no.i don't smile.i don't giggle.i am the one who knocks

did you knock your own teeth out by mistake so that you now have to hide them

It just doesn't feel right. More like tryhard autist than avant garde.
That had better not be a puka shell necklace.

'fraid not. Silver chain.
tryhard autist would be a brilliant band name.
I like it. I feel like you're channeling Mister Mort. He would be proud.
Yeah, he had some strong looks. 
hawaiian w/ overalls feels off to me however each looks p cool as individual pieces
killin it
I kinda love this, but I don't know what I should say...
Thanks!
wut

You are channeling so much gosling it hurts, hurts so good

I get way too much shit from my friends about that...
no shame, homie. gos all day.
gap / j crew / levis / ajko.qlo / mki / apc / vans.edit: i am ., i just made a new account for fit related posts only. make things easier. hope yall dont mind.
uniqlo made bombers?
Love it bro
at first i thought you are .....
pants look great in the first one
Stacks look fuckin dope in first fit but other than that I'd say the js do t work.Second fit is nice though sucks that shipping from mki is like 15 pounds
i like your style brah.that mki tee is sweet. 
Cool fits, how do you size your jeans?
Sized down twice 

those 1's are lookin sweet in the first fit..idk everyone recommending the same boring shoes is starting to get old.
Pants look awesome in the 1st fit.
Rockin' the AJ1's! Love the outfits, man! 
Second is so good
Like the stacks in the second fit. Is that regular cuffing or have you done a pinch-and-roll thing?
Pinch and roll. Its sloppy as fuck tho. 

i am ., i just made a new account. sorry b
hah, i knew it. those stackz and shoes are typical for you...
I think the shoes drew a bit of attention toward themselves in the first pic, but both are great fits.
stacks look nuts in the second one.  Both are pretty dope, though I feel like . would've matched the colors better than bred's
know where i could purchase these online?
no clue honestly.  They're called AJ1KO's, but that model came out a while ago and as I'm sure you know, jordans tend to sell out quickly.  I got the idea because my brother has a pair, but I think he likes his too much to sell.
I came here to compliment you on the shoes from the first pic... but being a sneakerhead I think it makes me biased :(

I also liked the sneakers. Beige AF1s would have worked too. The lowtops, I'm partial to them.
Shoes in fit 1 feel off for the rest of the aesthetic. I was expecting some dark brown 1k miles or RWs..Fit 2 is great.
first pic scared the fuck outta me. .great fit though. 
second one is dope man.but in the first i know the sneakers are there on purpose but i dont think they even remotely work /w rest of outfit
Can you recommend something that might look better. 
Sneakers are dope, that almost-hunter orange is a smart contrast with the earth tones. Since both of those colors go together on hunting outfits and reasonably works. Not that you hunt shit. Nor that you knew you did it when you put the shoes on. But well did.
White sneaks, any form of work boot, desert boot etc.as you seem to have a lot of browns i'd go for some plain white sneaks though, hell i'd recommend gats with this du as gum sole would mesh well
i see where you going with that. I think with boots instead of kicks, it would look very fall-ish..Thanks b 
I really like the 1s in this fit. Clearly more streetware but looks dope nonetheless. 2nd is reaally cool too, though the white stitching on those vans isn't working well in my opinion.
excuse the wrinkled shirt.thank you .!.uniqlo, levis, cdg play x converse
The CDG converse are dope as fuck. I ordered some on Friday and I'm so pumped to get them. 
always nice. i think i have the same chair; ikea?
First link is messed up
Really like 1
Slim cargos look good. Digging Fit #1 - wrinkles and all.
Sweet fit.Are the cdg x converse worth it?
i didn't buy them but i totally dig them. ricks can be a bit overwhelming with certain fits due to its size and that's where these shoes come in for me. aesthetics wise any other black/white hi tops will do the same job though if you don't want to spend extra money buying it. 

choo choo

I want the cdg chucks
Same-ish price as normal chucks 
Holy shit where else can I get them for that much?!
They won't ship, I tried to get the cream/red heart ones but the only option for shipping available was "pick up in store".
Oh my god thank you so much. What's the sizing on them?
Edit: aaaaaand its only in sizes 10 & 11. Dammit. 
I had like 10 different shipping options and the cheapest one was UPS Ground for $11. 
I'm Canadian, maybe they don't want to deal with this. 

I doubt you'll see prices that low again, usually you can get them on sale for $70-80 if you look hard enough though
wow guys, theyre all gone now lol 
My wife just got those cdg chucks! Looking good as always.
yeah 
yo know mfa is officially done when azure is at -1
I think a couple people were just going through the first 10 minutes or so downvoting everything but their own.
I noticed that too. A few folks got hit with downvotes, and some looked untouched. It'll bounce back. And lesson learned: Post closer to 1:00pm Est to avoid the initial wave of downvotes.
It seems to be the case, last few WAYWT's I've dipped to -5 in the first 10 mins before climbing back up. Is it really that important to people that they feel they need to do this?
WAYWT karma is srs business
I feel like if everyone stopped addressing "hype trains"/stopped calling them that, they wouldn't be as big of a deal

I've seen it, I had seen it when I wrote the comment, I never didn't get the joke
this one is addressed as a train purely because in the last waywt - we literally trained the same fit in comments
are those pants even green
Not sure if it is, but it looks like a variant of the "Ivy League" haircut. Your mileage may vary by just telling him, "I want an Ivy League", so being photos!
The second photo is kind of a different take on the .. That article is titled "how to ask for a hilter youth haircut." Having literally just left the barber after about 1.5 years of trying to get it right, I generally ask the barber to use a 1 on the sides and leave the length on top as long as possible while blending it..Like others have said, take those photos in with you or show them to the person on the phone.
My barber thanks me when I bring in a photo.
It's totally normal. Last couple times I wanted to try something else I'd bring pictures, or google them on my phone.

Bringing in a photo is encouraged. It helps the barber get a better idea of what exactly you want, so you'll both be happier.
Sure its normal, it also helps them out so they know what you want
Do you want this style is called ?
cant say i do m8, you can check out the . might be in there
The funny thing is you posted two TOTALLY different hair cuts besides being side parted.
It's totally normal to bring in a photo.
Thanks for your great answers and up votes guys! I got a perfect amount of zero constructive answers. Made my day. I'm out of here
lmao
im laughing pretty hard here m8. i have green eyes too (kinda hazel but thats besides the point), and honestly its silly to worry about things like that. a tip though, if you really really want to do this, dont wear shirts the same color as your eyes (ie green). so just stick to what you have and keep dressing in a way that looks good and you're comfortable with. also, sorry if i came off as a bit dismissive im kinda tired.
lol
I am talking about those light-green (flashy) ones. ;)
neon green? stay away but not because you think they look "gay"
For $30 I don't think it'll be to much of a loss if it doesn't last long. I mean, I assume that;s why the brand has bad reviews. The jacket looks fine if a little puffy.
Whoops sorry forgot to link...
eh its a simple color and the outside branding isnt too obnoxious. also i know its irrational but i hate that huge SUPERDRY tag inside even though nobody can see it really
For $30, I'd say its worth it.
Link or pics?
[deleted]
Yup. Who knew they would hire a 17 year old kid from a suburb of Sacramento to handle their online marketing. Now I just wait for my check based on up votes per hour. 
 says hello
Levi's should not be featured at MFA.
I remember watching the build quality of Levi's diminish from the 80s to the present day. The fabric seemed to lose its strength as manufacture shifted to overseas factories. Durability was out the window. The advent of cuts catering to people with a mega-baggy ass meant that I needed three telephone books and a couch pillow to fill out the massive tangle of fabric pooching out the back of my Levi's; this is the reason some of us are happy with the trimmer styles of jeans of the present day. Levi's will always remind me of the real thing, but somewhere along the way they lost my allegiance. It makes me sad that the company who helped turn "serge de Nimes" into "denim" became just another corporation. :(
I could of sworn there was a webpage with the same info.

So why are they called "501"?  .What happened to the first 500 versions?
. They have info on why they came up with that numbering scheme.
Thanks!
I feel like they could've picked a better (aka not huge and tacky) pair for the 2013 case.
I cannot forget this 1980s ad if I tried:
My favorite: 
This one's my favorite:
I want them to re-air this one.
...what?
I can appreciate them being history but I'd never wear any of those.
They forgot the Oxford comma in the 17th picture.
That's some of the worst museum case work I've ever seen. That font. Those terrible reoccurring rivet corner things. Gross.
Cool thread, Hansel!
Its weird how little they've changed. 
I read this in my Levi's 
Admittedly, I know very little about fashion, but I just want to confirm that wearing some shitty American-made jeans is pretty bad advice, no?  I always laugh my ass off when the Europeans go crazy for Levis when they've got far superior products available back home.  Please enlighten me if I'm talking out of my ass.
Like hoodoo-operator said, you don't know what you are talking about. Levi's makes a wide variety of pants, of different styles, and levels of quality. The '501' is just a fit. There are different kinds of 501s. Some are made of really great denim quality, some are made of some shitty stuff. .Levi's are great jeans, you just have to know what you want and where the company offers what you want. 
It really depends. Of course, the 501s you pick up at Target or Wal Mart are going to be nothing compared to the 501s you get from the Levi's Vintage Clothing line. I'm sure that the craze over them is because they're the OG jeans, no one else can really claim that. And American-made jeans aren't shitty at all, it's mainly the jeans made in China sold in the US. 
So there are actually different types of 501s?  (I would have thought that's what other numbers like 502 were for, but I know that's just silly.)  I think the fact that Target or Walmart even sells them is what leads me to believe they are not fashionable, compared to actual designer jeans..I realize I shouldn't have said "American made," I meant an American brand.  Are any actually American made?  I assume even all the Levis are made in China or Vietnam like all other clothing these days.
I work near Levi's Plaza and have explored the premises quite a bit. They have other neat displays around the building as well.
So do I. I go there all the time for lunch. 
I want crotch rivets back!
They put them on some LVCs! I got a pair and they are sweet
Just don't stand too close to the campfire.
Where are the pair Rob Liefeld destroyed in the comic industry in?
Also the pair Mitt Romney lost the election in.
"This is a pair of Levi's.".haha thanks.
They originally said "This is a pair of them" which was the work pants that they used to put out. They patented the Levis name and then because competitors used to style their pants similar, they put that on a card on the back so they would be easily distinguished from their competitors. 
Wouldn't just having the brand on the tag be enough? I just thought it was funny because it seems so superfluous.
Most 501s in stores actually have a ..
No, because they didnt have the Red tag and everyone was copying their basic jeans. .By putting that label on their jeans, they had a major, LARGE label that seperated them from everyone else. When the casual shopper went to the store and was looking at work pants, they would see "THIS IS A PAIR OF LEVIS" and other pants that tried to look like Levis, but were not. 
I'm saying it could've just said "LEVI'S" on the tag. I mean, guitar companies make pretty much exact replicas of Fenders and Gibsons, but you don't see either putting "THIS IS A FENDER GUITAR" on the headstock to clarify. Thus the redundancy.
oh god that outift in the advertising poster for 1984 looks so bad
I ... actually like it a bit. It's got that dark edge to it, and works well.
Where's the Mom Jeans display?
I'm pretty sure there's a sign in that room that says not to take pictures... 
Those first few old pair look like some shit A&F or Hollister would put out.
The 501's have been my dad's choice of pants since the early 90's. I think he got all he needed for the rest of his life when he worked for Levi's. He still has a pile of 90's 501's in his closet. 
The guy who owned those "Nevada" jeans either wore them really really baggy, or had really short fat legs.
The Nevada jeans looks like the guy wearing them was shot in the dick with a sawed off shotgun.. 
A couple of months ago I stopped at a Macy's. Started checking out the levis only to learn that the tag was now printed cardboard. How sad. 
They've been cardboard since the 50s. It must have been a long time since you last shopped for Levi's if you're expecting leather.
This is true, but they aren't all cardboard. I have a pair of 513s with a leather tag.
Just cut the tag off.
The little red one on the pocket is way classier anyway.
It's not really cardboard so much as it is a linen/paper material like the stuff money is made of.
SOeaking of Levi's. DOes anyone remember the name of the documentary about the Levi's collectors out there? I remember seeing a trailer a few years back and forgot about it. COllectors get really in to collecting their Levi's. 
"blue gold" iirc
Is not long term vision, is only hallucinate from malnourish.
Wow anyone knows where i can buy a pair of the red ones? 
I believe the red ones were limited edition Memorial Day/4th of July Americana promos. They also had a blue one with red, white, and blue button fly
the red ones look amazing!
Because your midlife crisis needs jeans too.
501 is just a fit. Yeah, Made and Crafted have some made in USA, as well as LVC. 
There's a good list here. Union Line and Greybear don't appear to be around anymore, but the rest are (Albiet prices have changed since that page was last updated in 2007):
Now you know where the inspiration came from! All the blood, sweat, and tears that went into those old Levis have the real character everyone wants to imitate..edit: ugh I sound like a levi's employee. Feel free to buy some japanese denim, too, or whatever.
It's the only explanation.

Yeah, god forbid anyone mention a specific brand in a clothing subreddit, especially an active redditor of 2+ years 
Well, no shit, they're 100 years old, cost tens of thousands of dollars, and are still dirty.
Obviously. I'm talking about the 501 fit in general though.
[deleted]
Not skinny enough for him.
isn't it great that levi's makes cuts for literally every body type?
The only ones to make skinny jeans skinny enough for me...
I think you kind of are talking out of your ass. There are not far superior jeans available in Europe. The best jeans generally come from the US or Japan, and while standard levis aren't the best, they're still pretty decent, especially considering the low price.
Wow those WWII jeans are gorgeous.
Man, I love that 'Build America' ad.
Too bad Levis aren't made in the US anymore =/
Some are
Source? Even Levi's site doesn't list any;
IIRC, their . and . lines are made in America.
Thank you for the input! You'd think they would do a better job of advertising them on their own website... then again that was late night posting and I was tired hehe.

Happy cake day!.Also, Thank you. I fail at internet. =(
it doesnt mention when they moved production to china. why not?
This is actually a pretty controversial issue when it comes to industry museums. The textile and clothing industries actually ran a smear campaign against the Smithsonian when they had an American sweatshop exhibit in the nineties, because it put them in a bad light.
Not exactly a selling point.
"501's! Now with kid tears!"
I first read "tears" as in rips and thought "501's are almost never distressed like that..." I've been on MFA too long.That being said, isn't Levi's one of the best brands for fair labor out there?
I suspect if you are really concerned about fair labor, you should buy clothes made in a country with a reputation for fair labor.
Uhhh, labor abuses also happen in the West? Just because the . has a good reputation for fair labor doesn't mean the . does. Big difference. 
When I see a . doing its manufacturing in a . with a shitty reputation for labor practice, I'm going to draw some conclusions from that.
lol, and the world is black and white. Get real. There's advocacy groups out there who do analysis on these brands, as well as good old journalism. If you take the time to actually figure out . your clothes are coming from rather than . the tag says it's from, you'll be doing more of a favor to Fair Labor everywhere. Just because . is Made in the US does not mean they are a more responsible company than . who . import from third world countries. This all goes beyond Fair labor and into sustainability and other aspects btw. 
I went to visit here when I was in SF and accidentally got to an employees only sector, there was a cloth hanger trolley full of levi's clothes that seemed to be for showing to re-sellers. Before I could turn around and go back my way a guy appears and tell me "hey can you help me move this" which I did, we took it to the other room where there were a couple of designers working on some comps and other people talking all minding their own business, I just stood there for a couple of minutes just looking around and then turned back and left..I still wonder if anyone realized that I wasn't an employee, it was a very cool moment however.
I'm pretty sure they took that 1980s pair straight from my dad's closet. 
TIL, Latvian tailor invented jeans. As Latvian, I had no idea. 
and no potato
come to America because no potato. Even before Bolsheviks is no potato in Latvia.
Oh look, a post reaches . and suddenly these stupid fucking le reddit jokes are everywhere
this joke is really becoming monumentally stupid. 
such is life
 
There is no joke in Latvia. Only pain
Ecuador give Latvia potato, but Ecuador no have potato. Ecuador only have merengue. 
God dammit. 
I was lucky enough to handle a pair of 1880s Levi's a few months ago when I interviewed a vintage denim hunter in Colorado. The construction on these early jeans is ridiculous, it's no surprise they've held up for this long. 
That is really cool! Thanks for posting
Damn I remember seeing that article on Rawr Denim I think. Way cool. 
Damn, I don't know why but that's so cool to me. 
Legit fades 
Everyone in MFA should be a miner...
Sick nugget fadez.
we still get nugget fadez, just so you know
for what it's worth i think there are days when most people here are minors
Besides . there's weekly Buy/Sell/Trade posts in 

  
You might want to post actual photos of the stuff you're trying to sell.
Pretty awesome documentary, even if I hate British accents.
Repost =/
This guy did pretty impressive work on a tux for me: .He was slow though.
I go to this guy for my alterations stuff and he is good.Not sure if I'd bring him a suit
Spoon Tailor.
About how much do you think a suit would cost to tailor? Never had it done.
Beckett and Robb is another new tailor.These guys, spoon and Seymours all off shore some of the production making it a cheaper process (and maybe not full Bespoke?)
I believe that currently Spoon suits start at $800 - $900, which is really quite cheap for an actual bespoke, not MTM suit. Just beware that their house cut is a bit on the traditional side and very English (highly structured shoulders, kind of a high button stance, not that slim) and asking them (or any bespoke suit maker) to deviate too far from their house style will most likely produce terrible results..I've had mixed success with them but their customer service is very good and they'll work with you until you're happy.
Depends on what you need done. Actually, if you already have the suit I'm not sure this is the place, since they primarily tailor things they sell from there, but I think you can buy a suit there and they'll customize it.
I'll give a call. 
Are you looking to have a suit made or just alterations? If you want one made Spoon Tailor is probably the most affordable and reasonable bespoke suit maker in the city..If you're looking for alterations I trust Andreas Gorges with all of my nicer clothes. Seymour's is in the same building and also comes highly recommended although I've never used him. I believe both also do bespoke suits but those will most likely cost you a couple grand.
I'm considering getting a bespoke suit done by Seymour's soon. Its either them or Al's Attire..The thing about Seymour's I like is that its a small office with relatively light traffic which means they can give more time, attention, and suggestions to their customers..Both are full-canvas.
How much do they charge for a bespoke suit with baseline materials?
$1200 was what I was quoted for a baseline suit. $800-$1000 for a blazer. Surgeon cuffs, pick-stitching, full-canvas. I don't recognize any of their baseline material brands though..Al's Attire has Holland and Sherry as their baseline material brand. That's legit. About $600 for a bespoke blazer.
That's not bad at all.
I think I'd recommend thrifting. You're bound to find some good old stuff that has either passed in style or just didn't work for the previous owner.
I'd avoid really loud statement pieces, it's easy for them to drift into gaudiness. I'd suggest getting more basic pieces with nice details. . that shows what I'm talking about..That being said, I have seersucker shorts and I love them. Pretty loud, but they still work in basic outfits IMO.
Liberace called....he hates those examples.
I meant more "uncommon" than loud. I'll admit that shirt I posted is gaudy as hell, but my point is that a lot of places carry the same stuff under different brands and prices. You can go into any clothing store and find that white and blue gingham shirt, I just want to find places that will have something a lil' different. 
I don't think a single piece should define you. You're far more complex. Sounds as forced as throwing a fedora on. Rather, pay full attention detail. Find ways to extend your personal style through every nuance of your outfit. Be bold and consider things you've wanted to try to pull off, tendo it.  .You're personal style probably will lead you do various things things other wouldn't, and you'll create your own unique combination. In itself, each piece may not be special, but taken together, you have something unique. Also, Keep a lookbook of things that interst you. Not full outfits, but details or single pieces. From there build up your interest and eplore.
i dont think floral shirts/shorts are statement pieces. i think ccp drips or a julius leather jacket is a statement piece. if you want to elevate your style with "statement pieces" and not just look like someone who wears obnoxiously loud clothing i'm sorry to say you'll most likely have to increase the amount you spend on clothes exponentially. a floral pattern from asos is hardly a "statement piece" that you can build your whole wardrobe around, you know?.if you get some absolutely amazing shoes like geobaskets or something they can become the center of your wardrobe and look great with so many looks - that's how you should approach statement pieces. make sure they work with you as a person and your wardrobe will follow, so be prepared to drop the cash on exactly what you want. don't compromise for price and you'll be so much more happy with your wardrobe years down the line.
At that point you should look into the details to make statements
The weekly wants thread usually has one or two cool unique items.  It will also probably be a good place to look because it sounds like you'll have better luck online (I'm in the same boat, all my nice clothes were purchased online or out of town)
It's not like Walmart or nothing for me, there is a JCP, target, BR, H&M, etc., but unless i'm looking for OCBDs and bland colored chinos its not easy to find anything. 
Rick Owens has said that the two most expressive things in an outfit are your shoes and your hair. If you want to be loud without throwing your outfit off balance then make your shoes the center of attention - at least that's what I would do..I don't know how you normally dress, but think about your average outfit and how a different style of footwear might change people's impression of it. A white OCBD and some chinos with a pair of boat shoes is standard prep, but switch out those boat shoes for a pair of Prada Creepers and now we're working with an entirely new aesthetic. Something to think about.
I've typically found that "looking" for a statement piece tends to result in unnatural and uncomfortable fits. .At least to me, a statement piece is something you will stumble upon, and know that you need. It'll say a lot about your personality, and might even have a nice story to go along with it, rather than seeking one out. The latter sounds rather like trying to be "quirky"..So, my advice: Chill out, and you'll find it
This is it in a nut shell. Find that one item you love. Chances are it won't stand out aesthetically, if it does you are doing it wrong. It will stand out in price and quality. 
Agreed.  My statement piece is a jacket I found on a sales rack and I wear the hell out of it because it's all me..Just keep your eyes open, eventually you'll stumble on something, try it on, then look in the mirror and go, "hey, that actually really works on me."
As others have mentioned, you should really avoid stuff like .. They are certainly unique, but in the worst possible way..If you want something that's not quite your standard hoodie, check out .. . is kind of cool with its shoulder detailing and mix of solid/heather. . has some cool contrast stitching around the pockets and the material is really nice.
Look into Rick Owens, Julius, damir doma, ann D and other more out there designers and you'll probably find something along the lines of what you are asking for
I'm not sure what you mean by "outside of the box," as this looks like a pretty standard-issue hoodie to me.  But if you're looking for something interesting, I'd recommend checking out stores like topshop (if you're willing to spend a little)...and there's always that macklemore thrift shop look! 
Topshop is the female equivalent of topman. And they are quite notorious for being "fast fashion" (IOW cheap and low quality). 
im not really sure what you're trying to say, but i will recommend hirokis .. id also advise against wearing hoodies like that one from thelees. they're generally made with poor construction and cheap materials and will not fit well or look good.
ah! Just asked that myself. Thanks for the correction.
Apologies!  Got up too early this morning.  Thanks for clarifying for me!
Could I bother you for a link? All I'm finding is Topshop: Women's clothing. Unless you meant Topman?
Topman has regular plain-colored hoodies for very cheap. However that might be the opposite of what you're looking for. 
very opposite. Thanks anyways.
As an addendum to this; This is why you should avoid clothing presented on ..
oh yea i have one of the newer 
thanks for the warning! But all you've done is taken away an option; however thankful I am for you guys doing so... got any higher-end and reliable places I can find clothing like this?
uh yea check out the sweatshirt guide i linked, theres a big brand guide in there
yeah, I looked at it... but it's a basic (although detailed and well-researched) sweatshirt guide for basics and building up your closet from scratch, not a single one of the links in there took me to a site that had hoodies designed that weren't like everything I already own..I had already searched this subreddit before I made the post, I wouldn't be asking if I had found the answer.
Don't wear those asymmetrical overdesigned clothes.  You'll look at best like someone who doesn't know what they are doing and worst like an anime character.
man, you never seen such hoodies in your life..but seriously, if you want hoodies with like something "outside the box" look into rick owens and other more avant-garde designers. you will be paying much more than the hoodies in the guide but they are definitely different from them.
You'd probably have to go the custom route. Not a common piece.
I have the same bag, its been great for a weekender bag, I usually carry this with one of my backpacks and I'm good for the weekend jaunt.  It's durable and looks great.
I have the small duffle in wool and I was able to fit 4 days worth of clothes plus a pair of boots inside of it. More roomy that I thought it would be based solely on the visual size of the bag
Having looked into it, it seems buying them in the EU is a bit of a pain. Anyone know any EU based webstores that would ship them? They have a list of retailers on their website in EU, but they mostly seem to be brick and mortar types, and no shipping options. I'm in Ireland if that helps
I have the same bag and love it. Got it for $130 from the Filson Outlet store.
I have this bag. It gets better as time goes on. I use it daily.
That's so cheap! Where's that? 
In Burlington WA, lots of good deals there. I'm not sure if there are other Filson outlets around. 
Another advertisement?
FWIW I have the medium duffel, and I'm really happy with it.  I've taken it as a carryon for domestic and international flights, and I've been glad to have the extra space.  I rarely fill it up completely, but it's nice to have the option.
I'm shocked they let you carry on the medium duffel! It's massive, I have it as well and I have never dared walking on the plane with it..
Ah, my mistake. I actually have the medium travel bag.  My inability to remember the name doesn't mean I don't think it's great, just that I have a terrible memory.
I was weighing up between this and the travel bag. The travel bag is really nice.
Can you post some interior pictures? Just curious. 
OP delivers.
.

I just got the same bag, but in medium. Can't wait to try it out. 
Maybe you could post some pics are a comparison. I found it super hard to get size pics when weighing up each bag. Some would probably find it useful if you had the time..either way, enjoy the bag!
A week ago, I was debating on whether to get a small or medium duffel of this kind. I thought that small would be too small and the medium would be too big, so chose to invest in a different brand (frost river). After seeing your pics, the small certainly does not look "small" when you carry it on your shoulder and it seems to fit in well with your build. A great looking bag and a nice buy, congratulations!
I'm pretty short, so it could make it look a little bigger, but I think it's decently large..I've seen frost river's stuff too, looked good :)
Looks like you bought the last one at Steven Alan! 
I was debating the purchase of the briefcase 225 in navy...just as I was buying it someone snapped it up :( This was before the price rise too! Kicking myself. 
Incidents like this are bad; they just encourage me to impulse buy. 
Great review! I have been looking for a detailed review of filson bag sizing for months now. Thank you so much. Also, it looks great and should be perfect for you, enjoy!
How much was it?
$221 I think. 
Someone likes a thing? Bullshit. They must be trying to sell it.
He got me. I am the CEO of Filson. Hopefully this post sells a few duffles. We're really struggling. 
This is an amazing looking bag, and the size seems perfect. Kudos on the purchase! Been thinking about getting a better carry-on bag myself for some time now, instead of using an old college backpack. I shall be checking the Filson range out. Thanks for the album!
Having looked into it, it seems buying them in the EU is a bit of a pain. Anyone know any EU based webstores that would ship them? They have a list of retailers on their website in EU, but they mostly seem to be brick and mortar types, and no shipping options. I'm in Ireland if that helps
Do Steven Alan ship there? If you sign up to their newsletter they give you a 15% coupon. Mine was HELLOSUNSHINE..The shipping to Australia was really cheap. I think Fedex priority for only 30-40 dollars. And that was with a few shirts too. They seem to get good rates.
It looks like they do! I don't see the bag on the store though, so they could be out at the moment. I'll check back in a few days. 
I had one like that and after 20 years the zipper failed. Filson gave me $325.00 credit towards a new one. Now I got the one with wheels! Filson rules. 
Most expensive zipper ever.
I've heard their customer service/warranty is great, but that's pretty awesome!
Check out those piano rolls! I am sure it's a nice bag, but the player piano is by far the most interesting part of this album.
Haha, unfortunately, all the strings are rusted and it's a bit out of tune. Still love to play it from time to time though. .My parents found it in a tip and had it restored 20-30 years ago. 
Dude, his whole house looks fucking amazing. Love the furniture. 
half antique, half ikea :P
It's not really professionally appropriate, but if you've already interviewed and received an offer then I doubt your new office cares too much one way or the other. 
There's nothing really wrong with that style of hair. I'd recommend just putting it in a ponytail and slick it back. 
i mean, it will be fine if you actually look like christian bale.why not just post a pic of yourself?
Frankly because I don't look like christian bale, nor am I a lithe man and adding an image of myself would open up a whole host of other fashion advice that i don't think my self esteem would be able to handle that this point mostly because of all the stress of moving to a new part of the country and all of the stress from that move. 
I am transferring within my company to a new office in a new city.
Those 1969's BLEED. I don't know if this is inherent to raw demin, but my legs were blue, my leather boots were stained, my couch was stained etc. My understanding is that you can "fix" dyes somehow. Fit, fabric and stitching were great though.
The rigid 501 shrink to fits are darker than they appear in that picture. Keep in mind that unless you have huge legs they will always be baggy, though. They may be unsanforized but they're cut so full to begin with that the shrinkage just isn't enough for thin (EDIT: Or even, in my opinion, average) people.
Fixing the dye involves washing it in vinegar I think. Bleeding is inherent to raws but not to the degree you describe. I have had nudies, n&f, 3sixteens and momotaros and I've never stained anything I've sat on. Also it goes away after a while
I have no personal experience with the 1969's, but I have tried on the Unbrandeds and used to own 501's..Unbranded are very similar to Naked and Famous denim, which should come as no surprise considering they're an offshoot brand of the former.  While the denim quality isn't . up to the N&F standard, they are certainly a great pair of jeans that will serve you well for a few years.  Fit is another matter, however.  The UB201 cut is similar to N&F's 'Weird Guy' cut, which is slim with a significant taper.  This is very flattering on some bodies and less so on others, so I'd strongly suggest trying these on if you can (Urban Outfitters sometimes stocks Unbranded).  .As to the 501's, They're the go-to jean for a huge number of people.  They have a very traditional straight cut in a dark indigo wash, so I don't think you need worry about the color.  They are . selvedge, but you may or may not even care about this.  I'm personally not a fan of the fit on these, but again, this is completely dependent upon your body type.  They may fit you amazingly..In summation;  All other things being equal, I'd shell out a bit more for the UB201's, as I feel they're a much higher quality product that's more than worth the upcharge.
OK, this is going to seem very vague, but I wasn't expecting to have to recall this information, and since you mention you're in LA, I figure it might be worth a shot.  .I saw a shoe fairly similar to those Kleins today, but all I can remember is that it was in a shoe store on the north side of Abbot Kinney with a Japanese name that I'm pretty sure started with an 'm'.  If you walked along the street, it wouldn't be hard to find the store.  I want to say they were Pumas, but I'm honestly not sure of that, either.  They were off-white canvas and had detail panels with designs on the heel and tongue.  They were not as simple as the Kleins, but I liked them nonetheless. I do remember that they cost $90.  If you were to walk into that store, it would be very easy to find them, as most of what they had were more casual sneakers.  
Was it Waraku? 
It was!  M, W, close enough. 
I've been by the store, but never inside. I always walk by it when I go to Intelligentsia. 
Interesting, I'll have to check it out. Thanks!
all the milan man from last fashion week videos - i love most the #fendi 
check out . if you haven't already. this subreddit isn't really receptive to high fashion
If you're into the production side of things I post lots of sewing machines, jeans, leatherwork - 
edwardshair and iamgalla, also look into people who they follow. 
I'm on Instagram as well if anyone would like to check out my stuff. :).@newageprep
@menstyle
@baixchen.might be 2nxtlvl4u

@highfasionmen is a really good one.
ryanplett, he runs the blog You Have Broken The Internet.
@onedapperstreet
@rockinsocks
@jonnyofthea
@thepacman82
My boy DVSNME is always dapper as all hell, and loves to show off his duds.
Awe. Thanks, J.> 
dressedtoill
Not instagram but this blog is pretty cool on tumblr  

 .@whyyoumadblog.@ejsamson.@ettong1979.@themarcusallen.@nately 
@menwithclass
@menwithstreetstyle
@menwithstyle
@sevenfriday
ianconnersrevenge
edwards hair and jkissi
@dissby
This one is rly good.
Here are a few that I follow:.@railcarfinegoods.@jcrew.@mensweardog (My personal favorite).@rawrdenim.@urbanoutfitters.@nfdenim
Menswear dog is the shit
Search Instagram in mfa .A lot of users here are on ig w the same name .Also search brands like outlier, left field whatever.My favorites
what. I knew he was black
I honestly find . a little pretentious. He may have visually beautiful content, but on his . his description says "Helping boys dress like men" and his last 2 posts at the time of writing (. and .) are just being unnecessarily rude and flippant to someone who was probably a fan of his.
baixchen is fucking dope. Idk how he even has money for all his clothes and his flat is just... wow
looks like he works at acne
Huh I never knew that. I only follow on ig and only for the pics 
Yeah. =| It just bothers me, I guess, when people on Tumblr are unnecessarily rude to their followers.
I know him in person and I can vouch that he's a nice guy who is really into what he does. 
That'sgood to know. He certainly seems really enthusiastic and dedicated to exploring various things.
I'm just saying. I don't really want you guys to dismiss him because of a couple of posts on tumblr. 
Nah, that's fair. And I'd probably defend people I knew a bit more personally too if a similar discussion came up! I'll keep an open mind, thanks.
Dude all about Jdbee's 
For a moment, I legitimately said, "Oh, I didn't know jdbee was gay. Interesting." 
[deleted]
dude if you're going to get any type of leather, just stay away from malltier stores. look at the leather jacket guide on the sidebar and save up if you want a really nice one.
Leather and Sheepskin I'm going to leave until I can get some made at Spitialfields, but I've always been confused about suede, because I've brought some suede stuff in the past that has been comfortable, great quality and lasted for years, yet was low priced, so I guess I'm wondering if you can get good suede for less than you can get good "general" leather... 
Yes, there is a much smaller difference between cheap suede and good suede than cheap leather and good leather.
That... actually makes sense. Cheers guv
Yeah, I realise that, I was just confused considering my history with suede, unless I've just been lucky :L
Most of Levi's belts are made from really cheap leather. Basically once the leather starts peeling off a leather product I have, I pronounce it done. There's not much you can do once that starts besides dye it over, condition the leather, and pray for the best. Try looking at full-grain leather belts for your next one.
Levi's does make decent leather belts, but this isn't one of them. I have one of their "genuine leather" belts from JCP that is actually quite nice. I saw your same one in Macy's and avoided it - the two tone, reversible type deals are rarely worth buying. Think the best thing you can do is buy a better belt.
OP's belt is probably also "genuine leather" since that's the lowest quality.
Likely, but unlike his mine is one strip of dyed leather so it's weathering nicely where his is chipping and faking apart.
Genuine is the lowest quality that is actually 100% leather. This belt looks like Bonded Leather, which is a thin sheet of leather (or leather scraps) over a non-leather core (cardboard, cloth, etc). 
[deleted]
great insight, thanks
get a better belt
thank you for that insightful comment
It's pithy, but it's not wrong. .Instead of a $25 Levis belt from Penneys, get a $35 belt from Orion belt company and never deal with this issue again. 
-Post-Fedora MFA'ers everywhere
I may be the exception, but as a girl, I love fedoras (especially on men) and don't understand the hate. Anyone care to explain? 
There's nothing inherently wrong with them, it's just that they're an anachronism. It's strange for the same reason wearing a . or a . would be strange. Unlike those styles, fedoras and similarly styled hats are not yet distant enough that people obviously recognize that they no longer have a place in menswear.
Generally, outfits with fedoras are some of the most incoherent and therefore terrible. I actually have seen fedoras work before, but most people who wear them look like they just put on average everyday casual clothes and then threw on the fedora. Typically it looks out of place and tacky..EDIT: Obviously, though... it's all personal preference and subjectivity, as is anything in fashion.
they are anachronistic when used in the right situations, and they are rarely used in the right situations to begin with. out of style and co-opted by an easily mockable demographic making them (fedoras) an easy target.
 is one example why. . is another.
For the record, there's no evidence that the guy in that picture was the professional quotemaker who was euphoric.
i know but the pictures just so much better with the quote
I would love to see a guy try and pull off wearing a tricorne. Hahaha
Go watch "A Nero Wolfe Mystery." (Some of the fashion in that show is great. Makes me love draped silk scarves.) 
i can already see it now: revolutioncore
A revolution in fashion
Rick Owens x Ben Franklin F/W '13 collab
I wish top hats were still cool.
You might be able to pull it off if you're a sufficiently eccentric musician! Anyone who's not Slash may not be so successful, though.
Unfortunately I am not a world class guitarist..Imagine like a kanye west top hat, I cant even guess what he would do.
Naw, they can't make one to fit his head.
Fedora's are awesome. Don't ever let anyone tell you otherwise.
If you are wearing a fedora, you had better have a suit on. Period.
GUYS HELP THEY'RE TRYING TO RE-INDOCTRINATE ME
Unless you post a picture, I have no way of knowing how attractive you are. If you were gorgeous, it had the potential to look SLIGHTLY better, but I can almost guarantee you it looked awful- especially if you had a top button on the shirt open, showing the black T.
Oh God, I did...it's even in my yearbook.
Confirmed: Looked horrendous. Sorry dude :|
I think I'm going to move to the woods.
The important thing is you realized your mistake. I had just as bad mistakes in high school and they aren't as bad as you think they are, especially if you dress decently now. 
I dress pretty much the same, just without the dumbass hat.
Post on the outfit feedback tomorrow at 12:00 EST and people can give you help.  The three main things you will probably see/learn are context (sometimes people overdress, for instance wearing a dress shirt and slacks casually instead of a more casual button down and chinos), color (black is normally reserved for very formal or very casual events, like black tuxedos/bowties or black jeans/sneakers), and of course fit.  .Also you seem funny based on your other comments.  That confidence is also essential in having a decent style.  Good luck.
Thanks. I'll see what I can do.
Fat neckbeards like myself started just tossing them on in an attempt to look "classy" without putting on an attire that actually . with it.
And you'd better exist during a brief five year period in the early 1940s.
I'm pretty sure it was a lot longer than that. Like, say, the entire first half of the 20th century.
Now that I disagree with, and I actually wear a wool fedora to and from work during the colder days of winter. There aren't many hats that look appropriate with a suit.
Top hat.
A top hat would be worn with morning dress, not a business suit.
Cowboy hat.
Okay, I'll give you that one, but you better have the accent to back that shit up.
What about a turban? Think very carefully here.
This post has been forwarded to the Department of Homeland Security.
You passed, son.
I can almost guarantee it looked bad. 
go full bucket hat mode
Baseball caps are disgusting IMO, look so common... and rarely make anyone actually look good! Fedoras... speak for themselves, they don't work on 99.99% of the people that think they do... a good alternative, that is a brimmed hat though, is the pork pie... none of these shitty highstreet sewn-together ones, but you get yourself a decent wool felt (or fur felt if you wanna splash out!) from someone like Jaxon etc, they can be implemented into a surprisingly large amount of looks... BUT for caps, I'd recommend flat caps (yes, you can get some that don't make you look like an elderly man!) or you could perhaps try the fiddler cap, for something a little different, a little nautical, but that's not going to get you stared at. 

I think a straw/panama hat can work in the summer. Is it a fedora? Kind of, yeah, but in the sun, with the right getup, it can work. Boat shoes and polos/collared shirts are the right kind of thing to go with it. "Nice"/"smart" clothing. Definitely do not wear with a t-shirt or sneakers..Definitely be sure it looks right on your head before you wear it, though. Since most people wear hats infrequently, it's not obvious if they fit.
How about a vintage style baseball cap? 
Yeah, I think that may be something I do..I guess I could also rep my alma mater. I feel like that is one of the acceptable reasons to wear a baseball cap.
How about just wear whatever you want.
you sure le tricked me m8 my bonkers are really clonked now
Hats are one of the most frustrating aspects of fashion.  Basically unless it's a baseball cap the answer 99% of time is NO.  This is from searching up and down MFA before summer hit.
Eh?
You might be able to pull off a Panama hat if it fits with the rest of your clothes.  A well-shaped medium brim straw hat could be good too.
. Looking for a good price, but willing to drop money for great quality. Any suggestions?.Side note, I have those Tretorns, any other outfit suggestions? I don't know why, but they look off with everything I wear them with.
Can someone explain what mink oil does and why i should put it on my CDBs?
Thinking ahead to winter already. Is there a name for . particular style of coat? Also, any decent similar ones I could find in the UK? 
Where can I get a cheap bomber jacket from besides Uniqlo and ASOS?

H&M? I heard on here they used to have them. Not sure if they're still in stock or if I misread.

Close, thanks bud!
It conditions the leather and moistens it. However, imo mink oil is very strong; you could use a less-oily conditioner or cleaner (AE makes one) that will serve just fine. In either case the oils will darken your leather somewhat but CDBs can also take a beating, so you don't need to do either too often. A mild conditioner will darken your shoes a lot less if that matters to you. Definitely don't overdo it with mink oil; you don't need your shoes to be ultra-oily and soft to the point that they distort and stress the stitching.
Ebay has really great bombers for really cheap
topman
 on sale too.
Looks good, thank you!
Helps weather proof them. It also darkens the leather a bit, which some people like. 

Not Topman, mine developed a hole where the arm joins the body in about 3 weeks

Helps weather proof them. It also darkens the leather a bit, which some people like. 
Not sunfaded, but . looks nice.
Thanks mate
if you want cheap, im pretty sure target (or at least the one near me) has some for like ~$25 or so. They fit alright
j.crew . - a bit of a gradient but it's mostly there.
zara
What common brick and mortar store could I try on Nike Roshes and the like?
Anyone knows where i can buy a shirt with this pattern?.Thanks.
Anyone have/willing to take measurements on Hawkings McGill Skinny Chinos in a size 28/30? I'm curious about the waist, thigh, calf, and leg opening.
I'm probably too late, but....So my only shoe polish is in black, and then I also have Frye's Weatherproofing/Condition in Neutral. I've used it a few times on my Walnut Strands, and they're darker, and kind of... off-looking. I understand the conditioner is oil-based, but I figured Neutral was OK and since they're both full-grain it'd be fine. Anyway, what should I do to get my Strands looking good again?
Use a cleaning product first, then apply a leather conditioner, and finally a tan colored wax or cream. Polish to a shine. 
i hate to say but many waterproofing sealants like SnoSeal permanently darken leather. That's why a lot of ppl hate to use them on dress shoes where you want to preserve the original color. Try leather cleaner (like Allen Edmonds or Lexol) and try to strip off that top layer of sealant. Then condition (like with AE Leather Lotion) and polish.
So maybe a saddle soap? Thank you for taking the time to answer.
I'll try that. Thanks.
Are wingtips ok on a "not-so-casual-but-not-so-formal (read: no suits)" office enviroment?
Ideal
Yes. 
I'm in the market for new casual shoes since mine recently bit the dust.  My last ones were . and I would wear them with my khaki shorts, pants, and dark blue jeans.  I was considering getting some black Sperrys.  I know they work well with shorts, but I'm wondering if they're good for jeans and other pants as well.
if they're your only casual shoes i wouldn't get Black. It isn't that versatile, especially if you're wearing colored shorts or chinos. It's fine for dark denim & grey/dark brown khaki's though, as well as cords.
I wear a lot of black shirts, so I figured black was the best bet.  I read that I shouldn't mix black with brown, and because of that I was trying to stay away.  
Sperry's are a bit incongruent with jeans IMO. You'd have better luck with some suede bucks or blucher mocs. Also brown shoes are generally easier to wear than black. 
The . look interesting.  I like them a lot, but I'm worried that they're too "bulky" to wear with shorts.  Would those be ok?
I'm not too big a fan of those particular bucks. Try .. For a larger budget I like ...And yes, you could wear shorts with bucks (sockless of course).
Oh my, those Bass look beautiful!  So do the JCrew, but they're a bit out of my price range.  Would the Taupe be the most versatile color then?
Taupe would be most versatile, only thing to not wear them with would be khaki colored chinos. White would be best if this is solely a summer shoe. 

I just got in a pair of Wolverine 1000 Mile boot. They fit perfect width-wise, but there's about an 1" of space in front of my toes, even with thicker socks. Fit's well around, and no heel slippage. That extra length is ok right?
That's a sweatshirt, so, check the sidebar . for ideas.
Thanks mate!
Any slim chinos in a color similar to these? I don't really like basic khaki.  
What should I wear to a casual wedding that takes place in a church but with a reception on the beach?
those would look good with khakis. olive pants. grey pants with a little ankle showing. most any shorts. .The problem with tretorns in their silhouette is all wonky so try 'em out with everything.
Thanks mate. The pants are all good suggestions, but the tops are what I'm having trouble with. Red top, khaki, and those I'm thinking is the best combination.
I've got the Tretorns in red+white and generally avoid matching the colors in the rest of the outfit - they're pretty flashy shoes so let them gather attention.  I'd avoid deep blues but deep reds would still work.  A light red might look slightly off but not by much.
Thanks!
Where would I buy shirts with baggier arms? Places like Gap, H&M, Banana Republic have shirts that I like, but the arms are a bit too constricting for me. My arms are 17" flexed and a tailor can't create fabric from thin air. Is custom tailoring a shirt, like a suit, a thing? 
 
you might have to search out shirts at Casual Male XL and Men's Warehouse. I know one of my friend's brothers who used to be a linebacker at a Big10 school can't really shop off the rack at Nordstroms or BR.
What color shirts go with . color pants. They're essentially a brown-ish color. Thanks
That's a darker autumnal brown, so i'd pair it with mid-blues, greys, and reds. Nothing pastel.
First off, I'm about 5'10 145lbs. Skinny arms, skinny legs, yada yada yada. I currently wear a 29/30..Where can I find chinos that fit like 511s? Budget ~$50/per..Also, how slim fitting is the JCrew Club short? I'm wondering how a pair will fit my slim legs. I have a couple of pairs of shorts from Banana Republic, but they are about an inch too long, the waist size could go down an inch, and the legs open wider than I'd like. JCrew is a bit more expensive than I'd like, but I can't think of many places to look at here in Louisiana. Any recommendations for shorts that are ~$40?.Thanks guys!.Flexible on both. 
Check out Gap's Lived in chinos. They are pretty slim. Id say they are a little bit skinner than the 511s. I think on sale you can pick them up for $30-$40.As for shorts try gap again. I got my flat front chino shorts from them for $25
Awesome, I will definitely check them out. Thanks!
What do you guys think of these? .
Yes, I realize my car is a mess.
too much going on with that sneak.... you want a clean uncluttered colorway.
I have a pair of Gap Outlet Tailored Straight Khakis that are 75% Cotton / 25% Polyester. I need to get it hemmed, so should I wash it first and try to get any shrink out and then hem, or will it be fine to hem as is?
Yeah I would wash them once before you take them to a tailor. You dont want to have to get them let out after already tailoring them. 
I'm considering buying Rancourt Ranger Mocs in brown chromexcel. Does anyone have these, and if so could you tell me how you feel about them? How viable are they as year-round shoes in Ohio weather, save for heavy snow? Are they very comfortable? Is it worth the price, or are there similar ones that would be more worthwhile? 
Is the Nike SB Janoski still MFA approved? I've got a pair but I'm unsure if they are still looked kindly upon by MFA.
Janoskis are fine. Wear what you want to wear. You don't have to get MFA's approval. 
How do you tuck in a dress shirt without any billowing? Tailoring isn't an option.
A certain degree of billowing is inevitable. Properly fitting shirts with long hems help. Higher rise, properly fitting trousers help.
Lookup the military tuck.

If you're not a fan of the sole get a different boot/shoe - they're basically the . of dr martens.
I just wonder because I'm not sure about the quality of the sole. I think it looks okay though .And you're right it's pretty much what makes them dr martens 
they are Goodyear welted and can be resoled.but don't buy a pair of docs to resole them
the MIE line is goodyear welted, the regular line is not. The sole is absolutely part of the look though, so it isn't worth changing that because then you are changing the whole boot
Which hair product should I use to achieve this . (simple side part)?.I usually go for something similar but I just got into "styling" so I use shitty hair gel and my hair looks greasy and smells weird.
I have this same exact haircut except it flows to the left rather than the right..I would actually recommend against American Crew Fiber pending on the hair texture. A friend told me to try it out because it can be so fool proof (and it really is at time) but was just too light to actually form the hair I wanted. My thicker hair needed more of a moose than a wax substance. My hairstylist handed me . and it has worked fantastic so far. Doesn't require a lot to keep the hair perfectly smooth and still for 24 hours. 
Look into American Crew fiber or some of their other products.
American Crew Fiber is definitely the way to go. Pretty fool proof for beginning styling too.
What is best to pair with a denim work shirt such as . I just ordered? Name typical stuff in the MFA uniform and chances are I have it.

Is the alternative apparel stuff on eBay authentic?
Yes.
What is a good substitute for .The Navy I want to purchase is out of stock

Anyone here know of any military style/fishtail parka? I'm looking for a long-ish (like right above the knee) olive jacket and can't seem to find anything good....
Ace Hotel x Alpha Industries
ace hotel, stutterheim, maybe norse projects elka
I dig that one alot but do you know of one without a hood?
I've never heard of a fishtail parka without a hood.
Not necessarily fishtails, should've specified. I'm also just looking for any sort of olive green long jacket
College student here;.Are sneakers such as . decent for wearing casually with dark washed denim and stone or khaki chinos? What would some other potential alternatives be?.For a more formal look my uncle recommends suede oxfords to go with chinos, do you all agree? Can such shoes be used with denim?

Yes, white sneakers are versatile with practically anything. Even vintage washed jeans, and practically any color chinos..Yes, suede oxfords can be worn with denim. 
I know Common Projects sizing has been brought up on here several times, but I'm having a hard time finding the threads where tournament lows were talked about specifically. I'm perfectly size 10.5 in Chuck Taylors, and Mr. Porter says to size up (which would be an IT44) if you're in between sizes. The problem is that the listing doesn't state what shoe should be sized up over. I bought a pair of final sale tournament lows for really cheap in IT44, but still have the option to cancel the order. For anyone else who wears 10.5 in Converse/owns Common Projects, what size did you go with? Thanks.

Great, thanks. Guess I'll cancel.
OTR pants that sit at your natural waist.  

You'll want to look for pants with a higher rise. Dress trousers generally have this attribute, it's less common in casual pants. Try Howard Yount or Land's End (budget option). 
Looking for a jacket/blazer like . guy's.  Also, looking for boots like those of the dude second from the right in ..  Thanks.
Thoughts on Airwalk shoes?
They have .Which, IMO, are very nice. 
Oh I hadn't seen those before, I might buy those now
Either too much branding or too bulky IMO.  If you want a plimsoll, there's better options out there for the money.
Well what about something like this? 

I didn't know those existed, I checked the Airwalks website but didn't see them.  For $25, you can't really go wrong.  They might feel like shit, but if so thrash them and toss them out.
Ok thanks for the advice, I might try them out
[deleted]
Popular Jordan models for under retail? Definitely fake. 
thx my friend
Need help shopping for my first suit:
I'm a small guy about 5'6" 135lbs and I'm having trouble finding a suit that fits in the shoulders. I tried the Bar 3 suits at Macy's and the 36S's were too big in the shoulders, although some more expensive suits I tried on the 36S's fit well in the shoulders, I'm just not looking to spend $500 on a suit. .Any recommendations for places to shop for a slim fitting suit less than $300?
Honestly as a smaller guy who isnt an average size you will sometimes either have to wait for sales or spend more money to get what you want. I am 5'7 and 120lbs and a lot of times suits are too large for me as well. I have never found a sub $400 suit that fit me in the shoulders and was short enough. I lucked out with SuitSupply because they carry size 32 and 34. The only other option is get to get a MTM suit from someone like Indochino or Black Lapel. .Zara will probably not fit you to be honest. The jackets might fit in the shoulders but will be about 2-3 inches too long which is a problem because if you cut off too much of the jacket then the proportions will look funny. H&M may fit but you will be shelling out for a polyester suit which in my opinion isnt worth it. .It all depends on the time frame that you need your suit for. 
You might try the suiting selection at some of the fast-fashion places: H&M, Zara, Uniqlo, Topman. They'll carry slimmer fitting clothing and at cheaper prices.
I want a coogi sweater like the one biggie wears. Can anyone make it work? They're so ugly but I like them for some reason. 
Old Sportcoat.  Keep or send away?
Hold onto it until big lapels are back in style.
I am worried about the overall shape with being kind of short.I am 6'1 and 190 and I think this might make me look bad
Nah. Just needs some tailoring.
It's been tailored.  What do you see?  More waist suppression?

Keep. Is one sleeve longer thanthe other?
Where to find Nike x jcrew killshots IIs in the UK/EU. Have been wanting to buy some from urban2u.co.uk but then they got sold out.
Anybody tried Pointer Brand coats?  I've been looking through Simple Threads and found an affordable American Made brand and they make pretty nice coats, such as this ., ., and this ..  I want to buy one of them in medium but don't know if the sizes are true to what they say.  .Also, what is the difference between Burberry Prorsum, Brit, and London? 
re: Pointer Brand Coats. They had a huge following in the previous year on . that all started with a fit . posted. IIRC he had the Chore coat. If you browse some of the older WAYWTs the initials PCC stands for Pointer Chore Coat. I think they run large, so you'd want to size down. 
I have a 1st remake Indochino shirt that still isn't quite right. I posted it . yesterday, and someone pointed out that this is probably a better place for it..Any feedback you have is greatly appreciated.
Sleeves are pretty baggy, and I'd probably reduce the waist and dart the lower back a little. 
Anyone have experience with civic duty shoes?
What would go nicely with a cream colored v-neck sweater?
What are your guys' thoughts on the .? I think it will be useful for my upcoming Cross Country season and I kinda want a watch, it looks modern (at least to me it does) and it looks a little streetwear-y too. What color do you like the most?
If it's for cross country, who cares if it looks stylish. Functionality > Looks. 
Tuxedo shoes needed? Or can I swing it and just shine my black leather Cole Haan . up nice and good? 
I just wore captoes with my tux. 99.5% of people won't notice, and 100% of people won't care, unless you're actually at an incredibly ritzy function, in which case you should be able to afford tux shoes.
Recommendations for cheap, low-top white leather (or faux leather honestly) sneakers? I wish I could afford GATs or CPs but I just don't have that kind of money :(
Jack Purcell or maybe Kent Wang White Sneakers v2 (not sure about the quality for kent wang)
I'll look into white leather Jack Purcells, but I think the Kent Wangs are out of my price range. Thanks!
How cheap are we talking?  I think you can get GATs on ebay for $60-100.
$60 or lower is probably where I'm trying to target, I haven't seen any GATs shipped to the US in size 9 for $60 though :-\.Are there not really any alternatives at that low of a price point?
There aren't many.  The only ones I can think of are ., which I've seen as low as $39, but they are hard to get a hold of in a lot of sizes and . which I've seen as low as $35, but that was when they were clearing them out before the new season.
Yeah, I can't find any in my size for that much :-\.Thanks for your help though!
What do you guys think of this bag (quality is most important)?.  .Where can I find a gray colored canvas sneakers/shoe like vans but without the thick white strip in the bottom of the shoe.
So I need to get a suit soon. I have a friend's wedding and I thought this would be the perfect time to force me to finally buy one. Also, grad school interviews (hopefully) coming up this winter..I had my heart set on the Ludlow but I was talking about it with my parents and now I'm not so sure. I don't want to get a suit that won't look good in a few years, slim lapels and short jacket length ya know? 
I'm debating a SuitSupply but I don't have enough time before the wedding now. I've tried on other suits now at Jos. A Bank and a department store but I don't like any of them so far. Jackets go down to far it looks to me, but that could just be the "conservative" style....What do you guys think?
The Ludlow suit isn't too trendy to be acceptable several years down the road. The lapels are thin, but they won't look out of place if you're slim too. The jacket length is not too short for a conservative environment either. I'd recommend trying on every suit you can at dept stores such as Macy's, Nordstrom, JCP, etc and then go try on the Ludlow again. I think you'll find, and possibly your parents, that's its an appropriately cut suit. 
Brooks Brothers will get you a nice, conservative suit.  .Honestly though, I'd just go with the ludlow.  I have a couple blazers from J.crew and love the fit and quality for the money.  It might go out of style eventually, but you' should be able to get enough use out of it to justify the purchase before that happens.
Thanks for the input. Brooks is a little out of my price range right now. .I'd probably only wear it a couple times a year though. Hmmm... More thinking to do.
That's exactly what I did. I'm sold on the Ludlow now.
CAn anyone comment on the levis trucker sizing? If A medium fits me should I get a large in the slim fit? The sale ends today :(
What are your dimensions?  I'm 6'4", 40" chest with a 34" waist and have a large Levi/Filson slim fit trucker.  It fits almost perfectly.
5 8 180 41 inch chest 33 inch waist. Ill try out the large, thanks
if i wear size 10s in jack purcells, what size am i regular chucks?
I don't own Jack Purcells but because they're  both made by converse I'd say they're both the same size
10
I ordered ASOS chino shorts in size 36in and they were slightly too small. The next size up I ordered is 38s. I am hoping they are not too much bigger. ASOS doesn't have the measurements so I am just worried.
[deleted]
tee, henley,sweater,ocbd in cream, olive, navy, light blue, white, grey 
I'm looking for some casual shoes (I'm still in high school) that I can wear with my outfits that would look best with white shoes. However, I would rather not have to try and keep white shoes clean..Right now I wear primarily black vans, and occasionally some navy blue ones..I was wondering if you guys think I should get the all . vans, or these . ones..I prefer the look of the khaki pair, and I wouldn't have to try nearly as hard to keep them clean. I just wanted some opinions.
I would go with the white ones because they will be more versatile.  White canvas sneakers don't need to be kept clean.  Many people (including myself) prefer them when they get dirty (see below)
Hmm, I didn't really think about just letting them get dirty...thanks..I'll probably go get some of those soon then. Should be nice during summer.
When you pinch the opening of your shorts tight around your leg, how long should the extra fabric be?
2 quick questions:
1) What colour socks are you supposed to wear with khaki/tan pants?
2) Are golf shirts a suitable alternative to polos? Or does the flimsier material make them seem too sporty?
whatever you want besides black or white.not sure
Don't wear golf shirts unless you're golfing.
I  got a pair of patagonia 5"  stand up shorts today.  Wondering if I should wear them at work, if they will look way too casual ? Most of my peers are programmers, so there is no strict dress code. 
Probably not.
I'm guessing that's way too casual, unless flip-flops and tanks are kosher too.
Cheapest site to order Off-White Vans from in Canada?
Anybody know of any good boxer briefs for people with large thighs?.The ones I have fit around the waist, but keep riding up and turning into briefs :(.Will shorter cuts or longer lengths prevent this?
When it comes to boxer briefs, riding underwear is a norm. It will happen regardless of brand or thigh size. They will always ride up the more you sit up and down. .The good news? Woman think they are sexy as hell when worn right. 
I recently bought a pair of 511s (first pair of skinny-ish jeans I've ever owned. Shouts out to all the fat kids in middle school, it gets better), got them online at a pretty good price. But they don't really break. They fit almost perfectly by my chino standards, hits perfectly at the foot, all of a quarter of a break. Is it acceptable to wear slimcut jeans with little to no break?
What do people use for gym bags? Right now I just use a hiking backpack, but I think something from . would be good.
I swim so not sure how much room you need (I dare say I need less) but I just shove my trunks, towel and goggles in a back pack I've had forever. 
That bag is awesome. .But if you use an 80 dollar gym bag, you need to get your priorities straight. 
I got a plain .. It's not . in the general sense (it wouldn't look good using it as a regular travel/weekender bag) but I think it looks good when going to the gym. I've actually received compliments.
I use a similar duffle of much lower quality.
An old soccer duffel. Not worth it to pay for a nice gym bag imo
Best shawl collar sweater? budget is up to 200 dollars
I don't know if you'll find the best right now since its summer and all. With that budget though, you can easily get a great one. I suggest checking out Steven Alan once its f/w, I bought a shawl collar from them and its holding up nicely. I'd also check out Norse Project, can't go wrong with them. 
Thanks. I buy my clothes in the off season as preparation and usually to save money
When I look for watches should I look for a gold toned one to match with my gold class ring or is a stainless steel fine too?
You don't need to match them
Gold isn't as in right now, but it's a classic that's never truly out of style. I also think it looks nice to try to roughly match your metals (watch, belt buckle, etc.), but it's not necessary..That said, do you really wear your class ring often enough to style other purchases around it?
Where can I buy the Levi's Slim Fit Tricker Jacket in Rigid in Canada? 
The bay, sears. 
Does anyone else have J. Crew Factory Thompson pants that are backordered until October?
THIS. That's a pretty long back order. I hope someone can give us some good news and say they already got their stuff. 
Yeah, having to wait until October for an order I put in in April is pretty insane.
Oh man, you put it in in April and still haven't gotten it? That sucks to hear :/. I ended up cancelling an order I placed last week because I need a suit by early September. Guess it was a good idea I didn't wait it out haha.
Yeah. I need the suit for a wedding next week. I thought 3 months was plenty early enough to not have to worry about it at the last second...
Oh my gosh, that's awful. Any idea what your plan is now?

Good white tees for <$50?
Does anyone have experience with . product? Thoughts?

Where can I buy a breton stripe shirt like .? I'm willing to go any price, but I'd prefer the cheaper end of the spectrum..Also, if I do buy this, do you think it'd be too hot for the summer of southern california?
You can gat a Breton stripe sweater from gap.
i found ., might be a little warm during the day but evening would be fine

This website, it's half-off what you can normally find. St. James Meridien II or Miniquiers are the ones I recommend
yea thats way better than mine
Where can I buy simple v necks, Henley's, etc that my nips o'steel don't show through?
Embrace your nips
Hard to say without knowing some brands you've tried, it sounds like you've gone through a few. People recommend Hanes beefy a lot specifically for this, but I imagine they don't have Henley's
Can I get my dress shirt "pressed" by a dry-cleaner? Is this standard practice? When I drop my shirts off at a dry cleaner I never really specify anything. Are they being pressed by default?
when you drop off a dress shirt at a dry cleaner, they are charging you a dollar or 1.50 or w/e(price varies depending on location), to machine launder it and machine press it. so yes, it does get pressed..if you drop it off and specify you JUST WANT IT PRESSED, they will probably charge you a hand pressing price, to steam it and iron it by hand, which will cost a good amount more - somewhere around 3-5 dollars, depending on location.
So hand pressing is "better" than machine pressing? I would have thought it was the opposite.
machine pressing is putting a wet shirt on a mold of a shirt and blowing extremely high heat through it. then they touch it up and hang it up. it is quite bad for the shirt, and damages delicate fabrics..hand pressing is much better.
I see. I guess this is why some of my shirts shrank after dry-cleaning? I was disappointed because I thought dry-cleaning would be the safest way to not ruin the shirts.
if you want them dry cleaned, you need to tell them specifically to dry clean and hand press them. you will be charged significantly more..to be honest, the best way to take care of your shirts is to hand wash and hand press them at home or machine wash in a front loading machine and press at home. dry cleaning shouldn't shrink the shirt, but the chemicals used can be harsh and unforgiving.
Yes they are.  Dry Cleaner can press without cleaning either suits or shirts. I just did it this weekend.  .Great for when you want to look crisp and your shirt is not dirty.  
Looking for a pair of black pants to go with Nike Frees..or.or
I'd go with commuters over the hybrid trousers, I'm pretty sure the latter are supposed to be sort of the levi's version of dockers alphas but if that's what you're aiming for it's fine.
levis and dockers are the same company lol
Not sure where I said otherwise, my statement still holds. The "hybrid" is referring to denim and chinos, I made a comparison. One has a levi's tag, one has a dockers
was just pointing that out, a lot of people dont know

qlo (in olive right?) or commuters
Man, I love my olive cargos
No, sorry, I meant to link to the black ones.
olive could work as well depending on the outfit
How is the regular Bonobo's cut?  I like the look of . shirt, but unfortunately it's not a slim cut.
their shirts feel nice, but honestly they're not that slim. oddly big through the waist too. i had to get it slimmed all the way up to the chest, as well as the sleeve. 
I've got mixed feelings about Bonobos, but one thing that's great is their customer service. Ask them for measurements and someone will get them to you..If I had to guess, I'd bet the shirt would have a typical 'regular' cut.
Tried dip dying black on a white tee, it worked kinda, it was perfect then I threw it in the wash and the white parts turned this really cool charcoal grey.  How do I avoid this from happening again?
Vinegar will lock in the color, so add some vinegar to the wash.
Can I make the tee white again? By adding vinegar or is this a next time I attempt dip dying add vinegar?
Next time.
ok thanks!
How much excess fabric would be good for stacking raw denim? I normally buy 32" and it hits about an inch off the ground in the back.
wear 34s. hopefully you have a leg opening of sub 7.5 or so.
Brown leather casual boots, like Clarks' DBs/Bushacres: What color socks do you normally wear with them? My casual socks are all mid-grey, which I don't think is a huge deal since this is a casual outfit, but I'm curious what other people wear.
mid-grey's fine especially if you're wearing jeans fairly casually
Probably anything, even on a low boot like a chukka, people shouldn't ever really see your socks. Maybe if you're sitting down people will see < 1 cm.
Don't match your socks to your shoes. If you have to match something, match your trousers.
I know that, I guess I wasn't clear the first time. .Do grey socks work fine with brown leather boots? If no, what other colors work well?  Brown and grey mixed just feels wrong to me, but I think if it's just socks and shoes it might be ok.
I don't see any issue with wearing grey and brown together, and not just with regard to socks.
Thanks. I don't feel like there . be a problem, but something about it bothers me. I appreciate the opinion, though.
My brown leather Clarks DB's are my boys. I mainly wear grey socks with them too, but I've got burgundy, navy and dark green ones from Uniqlo that go nicely as well. 
experiences with nikwax? in particular for waterproofing shoes or tech pieces
Works pretty good as long as the item in question hasn't lost its DWR too much.
does it rely on the factory dwr for waterproofing then? or does the dwr just work well with the nikwax
Actually they have a series of products outside techwash and their wash-in membrane revitalizer that is meant for non-waterproofed items such as cotton (be it clothes or canvas sneakers) to leather (including suede)..That said, I have no experience using the stuff outside of tech pieces that needed some major cleaning. And I agree with you that if the DWR is still intact but maybe starting to weaken, it works perfectly. Though I used Nikwax on a jacket that was in a very sorry state not too long ago before its zipper busted and brought new life to it, though only for a short while.
If the garment has completely lost its factory-applied DWR, it won't adhere properly. It's not like wax where you can just rub it in to the clothes (although apparently that doesn't work as well on a garment that wasn't already waxed, as well)..It's a retreatment, not a "add DWR" spray. Unless you're talking about a product with which I'm not familiar...
ahh gotcha, thanks!
The lapels on the J Crew Factory suits are 2.5 inches at their widest. I know ties should match the width of the lapels but how closely should they match. Can I get away with a 3 inch tie ? A 3.5 inch ?.I don't feel comfortable showing up to interviews wearing a slim/skinny tie..Has anyone tried the grenafaux ties from Thetiiebar.com?
3 inch is just fine.  I'd wear a spread color with it though.  .Grenafaux are good for the price, feel free to cop.  When you can swing it get a real Grenadine.
3.5 ties are likely going to look off, 3 should be alright
.25" variation is ok, .5" can work but could be pushing it; if other elements are in disharmony the width will probably stand out more.
I have too many cloths. Is it bad etiquette to post photos of myself wearing all of my shirts, pants, shorts, etc. To ask you guys for help narrowing out the bad stuff? Also fit checking to see what is workable and what needs to be tailored? Just got dumped, so I'm looking to jump in some undies, get drunk, and wear cloths for no reason.
nah i don't think it's bad. Just don't make a whole post about it. .Post your closet in an organized way and im sure I (or others) can help filter out what is good from what needs help..Sorry about your SO
Thanks for the .. If I do make a whole post it will be magical. Maybe a video or something really drunk and stupid. I think we need a few laughs..Tempting. Have to wake up waaaay too early tomorrow. Just finished cleaning my entire unit and cleared out some obviously not making the cut cloths. I got some gems.
Not really a simple question but anyone else notice uniqlo airism stuff is so thin your chest hair comes through a bit? I'm talking like a few hairs here and there, not like a forest. I don't mind since I use it as beach or activewear but a lot of dudes post them in waywt and after knowing that I wouldn't wear my airism out other than the previously mentioned beachwear/activewear/undershirt.
Yeah for those with chest hair it'll be a problem but some guys don't have any
I dont have chest hair, but I do have airism underwear. Lemme tell ya, it can be a problem too ;)
Y/N? .Trying to decide if its worth the money to drop on in at this price, or to be really cheap and just go with a Uniqlo one on sale for $20 eventually. 
I got this for 70$ at Holt Renfrew. It's been great on cool summer nights with shorts. I would maybe wait for the price to drop lower.
I mean, it's nice, if you have the money.
I can't really answer this for you. How much would you wear it? Is t-shirt, sweat, jeans, sneaks a common outfit for you? How much does the minutiae of construction technique, heritage, hype, etc matter to you? Or do you just want it because someone said W&H sweats were good?
It has nothing to do with buying it based purely on name brand - it's not a "someone else here said they have one, and I should have one too" type of thing. .Style wise, this is pretty in line with where my wardrobe has been going in the past year or so, and I am looking to make the transition from buying everything from fast-fashion places to investing in higher quality pieces that will last. As this is a piece that is very versatile and can go f/w/early spring it might make a good first piece to pick up like that, since I am all set with my outerwear. .Well it seems that I just talked myself into buying a nicer sweatshirt - but the quality and everything with w+h is as good as I've read about it?
apparently w+h uses better fabrics than reigning champ but is about the same quality. i dont know this for sure, but this is what people have told me. seeing as how its on sale, id go for it, definitely worth it at that point. full price id probably lean more towards RC
okay thanks! that is the sorta thing I was looking for. 
Not my department unfortunately.
Okay, thanks though!
Can anyone recommend t-shirts for a guy who's 5'8"? I like the bottom to fall just past my waist, and Banana Republic, Old Navy, Gap, and J.Crew are all too long on me. Looking at Uniqlo's size chart, it looks like theirs might be the right length, but I'm not ready to order just yet..Speaking of Uniqlo tees, anyone have a fit pic?
Try urban outfitters XS. I'm 5'7 and slim and they fit me better than anything else I've tried. I recc the slub cotton ones
I'm 5'9" and Uniqlo's tees are a good length in XS - might even be just a bit short in length.
How much do you weigh? I was thinking XS length would be perfect for me, but the other areas might be too tight..How are the Uniqlo colors in person? The pics on their site aren't very flattering.
Was ~135 but am currently working on gaining weight, probably around 140 right now. Chest is about 37" waist about 30". XS is just a bit tight in my shoulders and chest, but not badly.
. 5'9", ~125 lbs, 35.5" chest
Canadian online outlets? 
Canadian online stores?.Specifically the ones that are located in Canada (I dont want to pay brokers fees)
Haven's the only one I know of but if you go to stockists of some Canadian brands you could probably find other ones

Brands who makes short length button downs? Tailoring normal shirts makes the buttons look really weird. I'm 5'6", but my legs are a lot longer than my torso
I too am 5'6 and my torso is short as fuck. I hem all of my shirts with a sewing machine. I'm at loss with t-shirts fit though, as if I hem them to my belt, it looks wierd as my torso is so short. For the ocbds it's not a problem, I hem them mid fly
Uniqlo XS Slim OCBD has a good length. 
Where can I find a slim fitting jacket like . in xs black and in cotton?
Can anyone comment on how true Patagonia's torrentshell measurements are? Looking at either xs or small. I have a 37" chest.

Most versatile sebago boat shoe model to go with both jeans and shorts?

Best place for thinner, smooth sweaters (preferably crewneck but not necessarily). I'm trying to get a head start on winter lol. Also on a student budget so hopefully nothing too expensive..I hope you guys know what I mean by a smooth texture.. No noticeable knit texture?
in canada, j. crew, hudson bay, gap and banana for cheaper prices.
J. Crew Cashmere Sweaters go for pretty cheap on ebay if you watch for them. If you want to buy them new, they go on sale pretty regularly too and I've had no complaints about mine. 
uniqlo
tfw Uniqlo doesn't ship to Canada 
Don't worry. They never have sweaters in stock anyway. 
Use a shipping forwarder.
please explain (include costs<3)
I'm Australian, so I'm not quite sure how it works for Canadians. But us Aussies have to get creative when sites don't ship to us (which is a lot) so that's where shipping forwarders come into play. .Essentially you either get them to buy it, send it to themselves and send it to you, or you buy it with their address as the shipping location, then they send it to you. .I use them (FromJapan) to get Uniqlo for example. 
That sounds sweet! I'm about to google it but since you've used it, any particular company you would recommend (unless they're just local)
I believe they are generally location based websites. So Canadians would be able to recommend good forwarders for US based orders etc.
ily
I pay 50$ a year to have a shipito address in the states. I then accumulate about 5-6 packages, have them put in one box and have the box shipped to me via dhl. I declare less than the value to not be hit by duties and everything is great everytime

Damn dude. :(
Life's rough
they are restocking sweaters now for fw
Cashmere would be perfect, thanks
Appreciate it dude, specific brands to look for at the Bay? I know they have some Ralph Lauren
It's pretty all over the place. Really depends on their buys and what you are looking for. I wouldn't buy by brand rather just see if their is something that works.
I like the Merino Wool BR ones I have, and I'm also on a broke college student budget! The J. Crew ones are nice too.
I was in a BR the other week and I only saw deep V-neck sweaters
Those might be the silk blend ones, the Merino V isn't crazy deep or anything. Probably almost none in stores though.
Maybe they stopped making them? Or only for F/W, which seems odd. I have one thats a crewneck and a few that are the deep v ones
Found some leather laces that were really short but tried putting them on my white vans anyways. Thoughts?
no, that if anything go to the third eyelet and tuck the laces inside. You can get leather laces at target for $4 if you want them.
What's the sizing on the CDG Play x Converse Jack Purcells like? I just bought the last pair that epaulet had (they were on sale for $85!) in 11s and my stupidly large 12 feet really want to fit in them.
If the sizing is anything like the CDG chucks, it fits true to size.  You might have trouble fitting into the 11s.
.  You can get both of them for around what you paid at epaulet (80+ship).
I thought they only came up to a size 11 anyway? also I was specifically looking for the cream Jack Purcells with red hearts, and Mortar only has the black heart (as does everyone else).

I am obsessing over bookbags..Makr, Duluth, Frost River, Mission Workshops..I don't need even need a new bookbag. .Someone tell me which to buy.
I just picked up a makr in their sale last week, really psyched about getting it in a couple of days. I would say take a look at the rest of your wardrobe and see what styles you go for. I bought the makr because it fits the americana vibe i'm looking for right now - on the other hand i would suggest mission workshop if you bike/wear a lot of technical clothing. 
depends on your aesthetic, i prefer MW the most
True. My aesthetic lends itself to the more Americana (which means slightly hipster) vibe of frost river and makr, and yet the MW bags seem to blow them out of the water when it comes to reliability and handling any conditions you throw them at. Caught in between wanting a bag that can do anything and aesthetic. 
[deleted]
If it's worth it to you. Would you pay $35 dollars for the same shirt that fits incredibly?
[deleted]
What I'm trying to say is that your $20 tee will become $35 (or whatever the price of tailor is + $20). The quality will be just like a $20 shirt, but the fit will be perfect for your body. That's the decision that you need to make for yourself.
After having lusted for one for a long time, i am about to order a Real Mccoys sweatshirt. I have narrowed it down to a 10oz and 12oz ballpark sweat. The 10oz has raglan shoulders, which i am a huge fan of, but i would also like a heavier weight, although the 12oz has no raglan. Does the 2oz make a huge difference? Anyone have experience with Mccoy's sweats?   
go with raglan shoulders over the extra 2oz
I think the raglan/10oz ends up being better for most situations. It will fit your shoulders better and the lighter weight will allow it to be layered more readily without worry over overheating underneath. .PS: I own it, it's perfect. Seriously perfect. I've never been too hot or too cold in it.
Question on the fit of the Uniqlo linen blazers (which are on sale):.I wear a size large Uniqlo shirt. According to the size charts, the large jacket is an inch smaller in body width than the large shirt while the extra large is an inch bigger (but all all out of stock) - should a Large Uniqlo jacket fit me? 
I hear the cut of the linen blazers are not particularly flattering for muscular people. That said, I wear large OCBDs and the large linen looks pretty good on me. 
I just got a couple pairs of Levi's I ordered from Amazon in the mail. I got the 'rinsed playa' color, and while I like it, they feel much different than I expected they're thinner and stretchier than any of my other jeans. I looked at the tag and saw that they were only 98% cotton and 2% elastane..What does this mean? Is this a worse combination of materials than 100% cotton? 
I have those exact jeans. Best jeans ever. I've gotten so many compliments, and they feel sooo amazing
No it's not necessarily worse, they'll just stretch to fit in certain places. I think they're actually less susceptible to crotch blowouts than other jeans. If they're comfortable, don't worry about it.
A few questions concerning LL Bean:.I am a shorter guy with a 29-30" inseam and I was wondering whether I should get the 6" or 8" Bean Boots?.Also I am looking at getting the Ragg Wool crew neck sweater and the Norwegian sweater from LL Bean. I am ~5'8 and 140 lbs and I typically wear a small from places like Jcrew. Should I go with the small or does LL Bean run large?.I would consult the sizing chart on the website but the items aren't listed on the site but are available through a phone call.
Hell, I have ten inch Bean boots. If you actually want/need to tromp through water or snow sometimes, go for some height.
I have to walk everywhere on campus, so I might as well.
If you're just buying them for looks, 6" is fine, but these are functional boots and you should consider whether their function meets your needs when deciding which version to buy. I wear mine in the winter and 8" is . fine for the amount of snow I have to walk through. Sometimes I wish I had taller ones, however.
get the 6".honestly get the measurements if you can, in general ll bean runs large but better safe than sorry
For their clothes it'll probably come out too big for you, LL Bean doesn't make things in XS and their stuff runs really large. Returns are easy though so it's not a huge deal. 
Alright cool. I think I will try my luck. Thanks.
What are the best light-washed tapered jeans in the 70$ range?
Levi's Sung Blue
TRying to build goth ninja wardrobe, best online shops? (rick owens and such are too expensive to decide if i like the style) TY
did you read the sidebar guide? it should have some shops listed
yes i read it, i didn't find any shops listed, only inspiration sites, ill go check again ty
well in the last one there are some outfits with some brands, which is what i meant

Fabrixquare if you can afford shitty quality..Voidthebrand for better quality..Spend good money on jackets and shoes because that's what 75% of what makes a gn look good.
thank you, i ask cause i was looking at some acronym prices, and wtf, shit was so expensive
Acronym isn't goth ninja. The quality is really good though.
It really is way expensive. Good luck with it.
I've just come into a bit of money (thanks tax man!) and I'm looking to splurge on a new pair of boots, three options so far: ., ., or .. .I already own a pair of the Red Wing Chukkas (in the same colour) but I really like the brand and the shoes, the Sharps are cheaper and would be more versatile in terms of outfits but my friend has had problems with the soles wearing out quickly, the Freds are pretty nice and I like the design but not sure if the sole takes away from the brogue-y dressyness..Please help me decide because I am a giant babby
Syeknom has nailed the differences between the three. .However, for what it's worth, the Freds are my favourite. However, I live largely in the British countryside and if you don't then the boots may not fit your environment. 
The Freds are really far away from dressy - it's big holed brouged pebble grain leather. That's a boot aesthetically hearkening to the countryside origins of brouging and the workwear nature of boots. You can scuff them up plenty and they'll still look good. Conversely, I wouldn't put them in a dressy situation at all..All three boots you listed serve different looks. The Sharps are dressy albeit quite casually. Would go well with jeans/chinos and casual jacketing. The Red Wings are Americana workwear and are chunky and masculine boots designed for the outdoors with the big crepe sole (not that crepe is the best on snow/ice but it's certainly not a flat leather sole)..It really decide what you are looking for in a boot. Don't just buy one for the sake of it - consider how you dress and where you're going with that.
Good breakdown, cheers.
Dude. .Those 875s look sick as hell man. I'd grab those before the Grenson's any day. 
Don't get the 875's, go with a . if you want the moc toe and crepe sole.  875's are the work boot and 1907 are the "heritage".  If you're wearing them casually, the 1907's will look better because they have the leather laces, a more vibrant leather and no Red Wing emblem stamped onto the side.  I have a pair and I love them, a great casual boot.  .Personally, I wouldn't go with the Grensons as I don't care for wingtip boots.  They're great boots, just not my style.
I can't see to find the 1907s anywhere in England, just the 875s.... Alas.
Best shoes to go with beige trousers, blue blazer, and white shirt or a smart casual look? I was thinking black loafers but I'm not too sure.
Brown loafers would be better.
Brown, not black. Only wear black shoes with a tux, a black suit, a charcoal suit, a navy suit or a grey suit.
Thank you sir. That's very helpful!
I made a post earlier that probably should have gone in here instead.. Smooth. .Can anyone recommend a brand of dress shirt available in common brick and mortar stores in the $20-50 range that fit like Uniqlo (large) OCBD's?.Other post with more details: 
The Target Merona ones are alright quality and aren't . slim; they should have a large in stock for you. Probably $25.
J. Crew is pretty similar, you'd have to wait for a sale for them to hit the $50 range though. .EDIT: Specifically for dress shirts, H&M has some for around $20, I'd size up from whatever you wore in Uniqlo, at least with anything branded H&M rather than LOGG or whatever their other labels are. 
Can I have some pocket square suggestions for my wedding? Suit is black, shirt will be white, and the tie will be something basic like . or .. Does this limit me to a white/gray/silver pocket square?
White linen in a TV fold. Most appropriate match for a formal suit color at a formal event.
Simple enough, thanks. Is a TV fold the same thing as the Flat Pocket Square Fold shown .?
Same thing, just a different name.
What color shoes should I wear with these pants? .I have been having trouble finding a suitable outfit to wear with these. I see the white shoes in the image but do you guys have any other color pairing suggestions?
White is clearly the best choice that I can picture in my head. .I would, however, suggest trying a dark navy blue, pending on the shirt?
maybe some pastels? light blue, light green if thats your style
I bought a pair of the JCrew Factory heathered cotton Bedford pants recently for work. Wore them, washed them, and now the crease is completely gone. I've never had this happen with dress pants that have a permanent crease before. Is this just a fact of life for thin, lightweight pants? 
If the crease washed out, it isn't permanent. Generally the only way the crease will be permanent is if the pants have a non-iron treatment. You can iron it back in yourself but it's a pain in the ass, I'd just take them to the cleaner.
Can a cleaner make it a permanent crease or would I have to take them in every time?
You'll have to get it pressed when the crease is washed out or fades from use (though if they're not dirty and the crease has come out somewhat, it's a lot easier to iron over where it was to restore it than it is to put one in with no guide).
Saturday is so far away so:.Should or Shouldn't I buy?.Sorry this isnt the right thread but I dont know how long the stock will last on the norse sale
IMO NP is just about the last word in quality. they're just dope.
Received that same exact hat a few weeks ago. Versatile, yet pretty pricy piece. I'd go for it, although the brim is quite long (not .).
cop.cop.i guess, but i dont really like the suede brim
I like the hat and the tee shirt. I don't know about the sweatpants if you're just wearing it to work out or relax.
Definatly for relaxing and casual hanging out.
As the title says, I'm loving people's looks in olive chinos. However, as a guy with large calves and thighs from cycling and running, I am limited in fits. I have found Jcrew's classic fit to fit me wonderfully. The calves are just perfect. Not loose at all. The leg opening on my Jcrew chinos is 16.25. Any ideas for something similar?
I usually wear 30" chinos but got a pair of olive travel jeans from Bonobos in 31" and they fit great.
I was looking at bonobos actually. Thanks!

What kind of pants do .? Considering buying them, but it seems like they'd be fairly limited in terms of matching.

They would go well with navy/tan/black/brown/jeans/maybe white or cream.Honestly any color that's not really fucking bright or green/olive (very dark olive would be fine tho)
chinos in colors like caramel, navy, white, grey.raw indigo jeans, light wash jeans
Experiences with Saphir Renovateur on CDBs? Does it change the color much/help with scuffs/etc.? .I'm a beginner with shoe care and I've heard that that is pretty good..EDIT: Or can you suggest a lower-end product that won't change the color and will help condition the leather?
Venetian Shoe Cream probably, any leather conditioner would be fine though
Cop or not: Keds Champions espadrilles in blue. Also do they run trite to size?
Any recommended sunglasses for my face shape? 
It's kind of hard because you don't have a face at all
Doesn't work this way, proportion of features is much more important than face shape. Just try pairs on. 
What color tops go well with navy chinos?.EDIT: Thanks for the responses.
White, Gray, Pink, maybe even a lighter blue. 
Everything but navy 
Pretty much everything, specifically grey, white, and brown all look great, but navy pretty much goes with everything. Another rule of thumb is to make the top lighter than the bottom so keep that in mind.
literally almost anything.white, cream, grey, light blue, pink, olive, tan, brown, and sometimes black
What are some good shorts that are comparable to Outlier Three Way shorts, but don't cost as much as three week's worth of groceries?
patagonia stand up 7 inch
Only two weeks of grocerys
.
How slim are these? Comparisons to something like J. Crew Stantons would be useful, if you know that sort of information. 
uh they might have the measurements on the site, i dont really know besides that
Any experience with Proof NYC or SWRVE? Are they just as good as Outliers? How do their pants fit?.edit: And any opinion on Camper shoes? They look super comfy.
I have Swrve's milwaukee jacket. I like it a lot. I'm sure all of their products are of a similar caliber. That's all I can say.
Where can I get some new shoelaces for my bucks? 
, ., ., 
If you wax a cotton hoodie sweatshirt (like you would wax a cotton jacket) to waterproof it, does it become an anorak? I already have an anorak, I'm just curious.
Can I wear an all blue outfit, but with different shades of blue? 
maybe, what were you thinking?
A white tee, slim fit light wash jeans, and blue vans
As long as there's enough contrast, yes.
Sounds good to me dude. As long as the shoes and jeans aren't too close in color it should look fine
It depends one what you mean by "all". A light OCBD and navy chinos would look fine. Adding blue shoes is going too far.
Do rolling your sleeves to around before 3/4s make your arms look shorter? 
Does anyone have experience with topman scoop necks? Looking for a better fit than asos but I'm not sure if I like the style enough yet to invest in higher quality tees. 
H&M has some as well for the same price you could try if. Can't say anything about topman. I just ordered some asos scoops myself. I'd say order one or two just too see how they fit. 
Yeah that's my plan anyways. I have 2 from asos and the body is really loose while the arms are super tight. 
You're making me kinda worried about when I get mine. Is it more of a flowy loose or a boxy loose?
It's a pretty comfortable flowy loose, however the arms are disproportionally tight compared to the body. 
How do Merz b. Schwanen things fit? Do they run small? I'm 6' 2", 175. I wear a medium in Uniqlo and W+H, but it looks like a medium might be too small. 
Hi guys!
This is my first post here on MFA. I am a 15 y/o boy from Sweden and I am attending to a new school this fall. This made me think that i should dress more properly. So I have some questions. 
The first one is does . look good? I am referring to the top part. The jeans don't look so good in this picture, it was a bad picture and maybe a bad position to stand in.
My secound question is regarding an anorak. It is a anorak from Tierra - . 
I think it looks really nice and when I tested it it looked really nice. I tried the S and it fit me perfectly, but I tried the M size so I can have so room the grow in. But imo I think it looks a bit too big. .
I forgot to take a picture of the S size, mb. Sorry for the bad pictures, I  am gonna use another camera in the future and sorry for the long post. 
Regarding your first fit, your denim fits well but your sweatshirt is too big and the graphic thing is pretty bad. The anorak is nice but it's too big for you. The small would probably fit better.
Sweatshirt fits fine..Medium anorak fits fine, you'll fill it out nice.

I'm looking for a thick shawl-collar cardigan. Preferably in wool, but cotton would be okay. Something in a slimmer cut, too. Any recommendations?
inverallan if you can find it
Try SNS Herning, it's really expensive but if you can get it for around 200 go for it. It's probably hands down the best knitwear you can get
Is there such a thing as a Levis 514 with a taper? It's impossible to find tapered denim in-store around here...
513 is slimmer than 514 in the calf. Not sure if they have a true taper or not. 
514s are by definition a straight cut. Try 508s for a tapered pair of jeans with similar room in the thigh.
They do not..*514 is a straight fit.
* 511 is a skinny fit
* 513 is the "goldilocks" fit between the two
* 508 is "relaxed" at the top and tapers nicely at the bottom.
508 are tapered. (513 too I think)

I've always sticked with either dark jeans or navy chinos. Recently I bought mustard and light brown chinos. I figured out that shoes that look nice with jeans kinda suck with lighter pants. What colour of shoes would work nice with both of my new chinos?
white, brown, navy
It's a .. Check military surplus stores.
Is a greatcoat acceptable to wear over a suit, like a chesterfield overcoat? I don't really have a need for one yet but one day I probably will. 
Depends on the details. It will look odd if it's obviously military in origin, but a double-breasted overcoat without epaulettes or other martial-looking details will work just fine.
Noted. So not military surplus then? Thanks!
A . (long version of a peacoat, usually with gold buttons) may or may not have epaulets.  
Not for suit-wearing. You may want to look at other sorts of overcoats as well -- the . is similar in style, for example. There's a whole wide world out there, so look around.
depending on your definition of cheap, you might check out 
That sage green. So sexy.
Dat navy looks pretty sexy too. Not quite navy, not quite turquoise. Awww yissss
Not sure about your face shape, but if all else fails wayfarers look good on just about everyone.
Clubmasters will look nice
looks fucking strange
Why don't you get real espadrilles instead?
Because I'm poor :(
dude asos espadrilles are like 20 bucks
I plan on grabbing a pair of these before I head back to college to walk to class in for the first couple months. At $20 I can just throw them away when the temperature drops without feeling the slightest bit guilty.
They're nice. Thanks
I'm looking for some casual sneakers, with a couple of particulars:.I don't like the look of NB 574s; they seem too ., I don't know. Whenever I see them I have the inescapable sensation I'm looking at blown up baby shoes. I think the NB 420 is closer to what I want..I kind of like the look of all these . sneaks, especially . and ., but, I don't know. They're not ., and I don't love the colors..I really like the .. I think that might be my front runner right now..Anyway, I'd love to hear some other recommendations for shoes in this vein..Edit: and I would like some bright colors! I'm thinking red or yellow.

nb501 is somewhere in between 420/574
Saucony Bullet or Jazz Low Pro. I'm partial to the JLP Vegan in Navy/Cream.
Oh, I like.

Onitsuka Tigers
I completely forgot about those, they are definitely a good option.
They're usually cheaper at 6pm.com than at other places like Zappos or shit. 
I bought a pair of the J Crew x Nike Pre-Montreal kicks last spring and they have been perfect. They are very slim and fit snugly on the foot. I think that the grey colorway is pretty lackluster, although I like the blue/orange one on the J Crew website. .e. 
I also have those but prefer the gray. They have been great but do fit pretty snugly

i can recommend NB 420, love mine. Few people don't like them as they don't have the traditional clunkiness that is associated with NB's, but they're comfortable as hell and look good with both pants and shorts
 or GATs?

Those Butteros are sweet, where can I pick up a pair?
Tres Bien has some I think.
Is Grey Poupon good on a Big Mac?
Need new analogy, I don't like mustard
I think it's more of a "why are you applying this ultra-high end product (never mind that grey poupon is not anywhere near the Renovateur of mustard) to these entry-level shoes".
"Is Beluga caviar good on Wonder Bread" seemed a bit hyperbolic/not actually tasty. That's all I've got.
I would have gone with Fallot &amp;Co. Dijon, but that is one man's opinion. Also, I've never used Saphir.  
Well, I've heard things for and against mink oil and I don't want to change the color of the leather. Like I said, I'm a beginner and I don't know let alone know that saphir renovateur was that high end
Haha, sorry to be snarky. Just seems like overkill, you could probably use about anything and Saphir certainly isn't going to ruin them. 
Saphir stuff is generally top of the line, yeah. I don't own CDBs or use Renovateur, so I can't offer any actual advice, unfortunately.
ah well, thanks anyway
Nah, it's all good man. And thanks for the response!
Anything will change the color of leather - leather is porous and oils and waxes darken it. However, milder cleaner/conditioner will darken it less than mink oil. I like AE's leather cleaner conditioner and while it will darken any rough leather, it's to a lesser extend than ultra-oily or waxy mink oil or sno-seal.
Probably
defiinitely
malefoodadvice all over again.
Doesn't make me any less of a man :(
Not really. A sweatshirt is made of jersey cotton or terry cotton whereas most anoraks are made of cotton-poly blends. Plus I'm not sure how a cotton sweatshirt would take wax. Wax takes best to materials that have little to tightly weaved materials like canvas.
Interesting, thank you!
Bridge coat I believe.
Best black sneakers with white soles?
What about Nike Air Zoom All Courts? Might take a bit of searching but they're 
Sk8 hi's
 
Those are cool. I wish they didn't have that silly toe cap thing tho
I just ordered ., after debating between court and sweet classic. Will report back with fits and stuff.
Nike x Supreme Blazer aka a grail of mine .Will upload pic when able

blazer hi vintage
Bonus points for being affordable... 
Converse chucks, jp

They are oh so much comfier. 
vans? 
Well duh ;D
  .Also.. ..
I didn't make the June meetup, I sure hope I make this one. 
Where are women?
Nowhere near where the meetup is going to be, but I have a question. Why is 19+ for drinks? Is it 19 or older to get in, and then 21+ to drink? Or is there really a sub-21 drinking age?.EDIT: I realize that Canada is not part of the US, and has different laws. I just didn't know that GTA meant Greater Toronto Area. No need to be a jackass with your replies. It was just a simple question. 
Drinking age is 19 in Ontario.
... I never knew American ideals were supposed to apply to every country.
Canada is not a part of the united states and is subject to different laws as a result
Best of luck with the meet up! It was fun meeting you guys last month, .... a few intriguing people. 
Not coming?
prob not, I'll be in London!
Sounds like fun! Too bad I'm 90min south of you guys
Man, I miss living in the NIagara region. Such a beautiful area.
Pfft 90 minutes south. You should come anyway! :P It actually takes me 90 minutes by transit to get there haha.
don't have a car and I'm not old enough to drink legally yet, so i'm not sure if it would be entirely worth it at this point :(
Guu has great food and it was a lot of fun anyway last time
Psh. I came from Houston. 3hr flight. hahaha. See everyone on friday! 
How many people came out to the last meetup?
8 I think
That's kind of weak. The menswear meetups in Chicago bring out 20+ without being attached to some other community. 
Bigger is worse for these
And the StyleForum meetups in San Francisco are even bigger than that. What's your point? Toronto has a smaller population than Chicago and MFA isn't the biggest subreddit.
Jealous of the GTA, I need to get myself to a CT or NYC meet up.
NYC was fun! We may do another soon
I wish there were meetups in other, less populated cities... I live in Orlando, I can't make meetups in NYC, Chicago, and the like.
I'll be living in orlando in a month! .Edit: you go to UCF??? 
That's awesome! Yes I do, currently living right behind main campus.
Oh sweet man, what year are you? We should try to get a meetup scheduled sometime with other orlando ppl 
Third year, are you going to school here? We should definitely get a meetup going! Orlando is a big city, just need some people to tackle it with. I'd like to get an MFA/FFA meetup going here.
yep! gonna be a freshman haha, pretty excited. .but ya i agree. MFA takes Disney
That's exciting, I think you're gonna love it here. And we get discounts to the parks, have a load of bars, clubs and coffee shops, and a beautiful beach. Plenty to do, I'll see if we can get some solid interest in an Orlando meetup.
I think so too! and oh shit i didnt know that! I was planning on getting maybe a yearly disney pass, a discount would be awesome. And sweet I would definitely be down. Just lemme know 
Be the change you seek ;)
Absolutely, I just need a good gauge of how many MFA/FFAers there are in Orlando to begin with. I'm also a busy, underage college student so I kind of feel limited in what I can pull together.
Check out the recent General Discussion thread, I posted a where are you from comment, see if you can't find some people close to you there 
Mentioned having a Gainesville meetup in GD, might be interesting to do something for north/central Fl
orlando represent!
I go to UCF
Same here, currently living behind main campus.
I might be the only one that didn't know what GTA was but GTA stands for Greater Toronto Area.
GTA is Greater Toronto Area, e.g., it's in Israel where the drinking age is lower.
I tried on an . denim jacket and I thought it felt really solid. it's not based in the UK as they're made in America but I assume from the .co.uk domain they're shipped from the Uk if you're trying to avoid shipping fees.
OOO! I work in Stansted Airport and guess what has just opened opposite my restaurant! :D not been in there yet though, so not going to get too excited but I'll definitly have a look! Thank you sir!
[deleted]
I don't know why I didn't think of Levis, and I've never heard of APC or Nudies, I'll check 'em out. Thanks 

if you're looking to search around, i'd consider that a lace up henley.  google turns up some similar stuff if you search for that.
maybe you should wipe the crisco off your face before you go out
Don't go out with a loaded gun, seriously.
it's glare from the sunlight in the mirror
Just wear what makes you you. If you're both geeks, embrace it! Obviously I wouldn't wear what you're wearing, but that's me. I'd go for a solid color shirt at the very least. But what you're wearing will be the least of your worries on a first date. 
OP how old are you? 
I mention in the post that I'm 19.
I'd go with the hoodie for that outfit. Since you're young, I think you'd look much smarter in slim fitting clothes. And I'm a fan of dress shirts, you can easily dress them down by wearing them with dark slim jeans and rolling up the sleeves + keeping it untucked (assuming it fits well). Enjoy your first date!
Slim jeans kill me as my legs are bulkier than average (swimming/martial arts), and my broad shoulders is the reason I find dress shirts uncomfortable. The reason I usually wear such baggy clothes is cause I'm a little uncomfortable with my body shape. .I've tried rolling the sleeves up, but because they're formal shirts, the wrist collars are super stiff making it hard to tuck in. Thanks for the advice though, I'll be sure to pick out some more fitting clothes next time I go shopping.
IMO opinion the polo and jeans are not the way to go. Get a long sleeve button up and roll up the sleeves..But more importantly, get a modern haircut. 
Don't wear the blazer, it looks way to formal for a small coffee and chat, but if you will be going to the dinner afterwards it would be acceptable if the restaurant's classy enough. If the restaurant is more casual like a burger place you'd be better off with the hoodie. You should be pretty casual on the first date, but just make sure she has fun :) After dinner if she seems to be enjoying herself or that she likes you then offer to walk her home. Good luck with it! PM me for how it goes 
Definitely not a classy restaurant. Thanks for the advice, will do!
The jeans are big on you - specifically, they are . too long. You're on the short side, so having any clothes that are too big really highlights this. There is too much fabric pooling at the ankles, which gives you an odd silhouette..What's the weather usually like? I'm inclined to follow the general consensus and tell you to ditch the hoodie and blazer, but if this date is going to potentially run into the early evening, you don't want to be cold and uncomfortable. Since it's a casual coffee date between two college students, a hoodie should be okay, if the weather permits it.
Fellow MTG player here and habitual reader of MFA. My style has certainly come a long way since I first stumbled upon this subreddit, but I want to toss some advice outside of fashion..Imagine you're playing MTG and she is an opponent. Your clothes would be the type of sleeves or perhaps the variation of lands in your deck. Sure, you can have some cool artistic lands or sleeves but at the end of the day it doesn't matter..Dress comfortable, be comfortable. No matter what you decide to wear, you should simply accept it and let that be the last thing on your mind when you meet this person..If you are comfortable when you meet this person, it will help them be comfortable as well. Doing an activity like coffee/tea demands  conversation so focus more on her interests and getting her to open up. Remember, she could be just as nervous as you are so study up a bit on her interests..You can even use reddit to inspire some questions. A simple search on history has provided me some great open ended questions for conversations!."If you could observe, but not influence, one event in history, what would it be?"."What is your favorite "history is stranger than fiction" fact?".Read up on this a bit and be prepared to have your own opinion. Good luck, don't think too much and just be yourself. As a person on MFA, we know you're interested in improving yourself so don't worry, this will be the first of many dates!
Oh, and this is MFA, the general consensus will be to wear more fitting clothes or solid colours. I think you look fine in the photo.
Jeans you switched to are a definite no-go.
The outlining of where your phone has been really looks sloppy..Coming from a guy of similar body shape, height, and ethnicity (Vietnamese) I can say that this sort of outfit you want to go for isn't really flattering..If you can find time, I suggest hitting up a thrift store or Target and getting an outfit that is much for fitting. Yes, button ups can be constricting and uncomfortable but at the end of the day, they look dynamite on most men. Go get a casual button up paired with some khaki shorts. If the button up really isn't what you want, a solid color polo can work wonders as well. Avoid a solid black.
The weather is what I would consider brisk, but if it does get a little chilly, try opting for some chinos instead. Your basic medium brown chino is incredibly versatile. Look at H&M or Target for cheaper ones..As for the shoes, I'm digging what you have..Additionally, make sure you have some strong posture. Posture not only shows confidence but instills confidence in you as well..At the end of the day, it may not just be about what you wear, but how you go about keeping the conversation interesting and producing a positive experience for her. When I think back to my first date, I remember nothing about what I wore, but everything about what I said and the general vibe the entire time.
Half of the raw denim community just got really sad at your cellphone fade comment.
The jeans are really unflattering, if you could get a slimmer pair, it would be great.
Mind showing some pictures of that dress shirt and jeans combo?
This is an amazing response! Thanks a ton!.Haha, yeah, I noticed a trend in the replies. I think I agree though. .I really appreciate the advice and support :).(Also, the lands analogy might not be too great, given that I play esper control and have a full suite of foil shocklands and drownyards ;P)
Another fellow MTG player here. You're playing a full set of Drownyards? Maybe don't think of this as Magic; you'll bore her into oblivion! Ha, not really. Maybe think of your clothes like you're building a draft deck: each 
piece goes along with the plan established by your first one or two picks. 
I see, thanks for the advice. British weather is usually odd - this time of year it's generally quite warm (25 celsius on average). I will be going without either, and even early evening will be warm..Would the jeans I posted in my edit update suit better, given that they aren't as baggy?
The length seems like it might be better, but it's very difficult to tell without the entire outfit - i.e. the shoes..The reason length is so important in pants is largely how they make your lower body look - if they're too long, the excess fabric pooling around your ankles will make you look stubby; if they're too short, they can come across as juvenile, awkward, and generally dorky.
I would definitely rather too short than too long. With the shoes, the new pair just about covers my ankles when I sit down, revealing a tiny bit of sock. Which I think is just about okay. It's hard to find trousers that really fit me since I'm a little short and unfit, but I swim a lot, so my proportions are a bit weird. Any general advice to look for when buying new jeans?
Get some skinny ones, the aren't so skinny for a skinny guy. But they fit so much better then normal jeans. The jeans guide in the side-bar might help
Jeans come in a variety of fits ranging from very relaxed to super skinny, I'm confident you'll find something that is fitted enough while still being comfortable. I'd also suggest looking for stretch materials for jeans/dress shirts, though I find they don't hold up quite as well. .I don't really know what you mean by 'tucking in' the cuffs, I simply fold the cuff over itself until it reaches my elbow (just remember to unbutton the sleeve placket).
I considered throwing this pair away because my phone fade is so bad there's actually a hole in the bottom corner. I dislike raw denim personally because of this, and my other pair of jeans are starting to show fade as well..It's personal opinion, sure. I think it's tacky as well.
No need to be ashamed op you're in better shape than most Americans. For jeans you should look at some Levi 508's, they fit wider at the thighs but taper down towards the calves so it'll still look slim, modern and just generally better. Instead of a dress shirt go for a button down, make sure it fits at the shoulders and chest as a first priority, the rest can be tailored for under $20 most likely. Sleeves on these should be easier to roll up, and they're still casual while looking better than a polo (IMO)..Go with the hoodie, if you change up just the jeans I think it would make a world of a difference.
Thanks, I'll keep that in mind. I dug out these jeans: . Would they work better?
I'd go with the first pair over these
big legs and broad shoulders, do you realize how nice that is?.get jeans that fit better, those don't fit well at all. if us then Levi's 508 prob works for you
Don't wear a blazer with a polo.Get clothes that fit.Since you're asking us a day in advance you probably can't do anything about it, so just man up show some confidence and you can pull whatever you end up wearing off.
don't tuck.hoodie.haircut.edit: also jeans super unflattering  
Literally had my hair cut last week... Is it that bad?
I wouldn't say cut the hair, some product in it would go a long way. 
It's too long on the sides, bulges out and makes his round face even rounder. French crop no. 4 on the sides would sort it out. Needs some product I agree.
I'm white but I have asian hair. The only way to deal with it is to clip it not to size 4 on the sides, which would end up looking like shit after not even 1 week. I usually go with a 1 on the sides, which let's my hair look presentable for about 3-4 weeks before it needs to get cut again. Otherwise, at a length of 4, his asian hair will stand parallel to the floor and it will be ugly as fuck
Dudes gotta appease his parents, 2 would be like a skinhead to them. It depends on how high you take that 4, should go a bit higher then OPs probably used to. Wish I had Asian hair, mine is so thick and with a slight but annoying wave that it takes so much to tame it..Your hair must grow pretty quick, 6 weeks is a rule of thumb for me.
This is what I usually go for just a bit longer. I'm hoping to get something shorter on the sides soon, definitely.
coupled with glasses makes you look super nerdy.if that's what you're going for then no, it's fine 
It's not so much "what I'm going for", but I /am/ super nerdy, I've accepted that. In fact my parents didn't like me cutting my hair this short :/
One thing I've learned from Asian parents. (for their children).They do good on getting an education, smarts, grades, staying on the straight path...They don't do good on keeping up with fashion, social skills, dating, letting you do what you want in life.
Eh. This comment annoys me. Yes, there are Asian parents that do exactly what you are saying, but I really hate when people just generalize. There are definitely non-Asian parents who aren't able to keep up with certain social conventions and there are Asian parents who are really chill and let their kids live their life. Mine fall into that latter category. 
you think all the guys wearing denim and flannels are lumberjacks? 
yes
That's short and they don't like it? My god, I have had medium long hair for 3 years and my family didn't like it. I even had different lengths and they still complained it being too long. Finally got it around 4cm long and they're almost kind of happy..Didn't know some asian parents like longer hair :o
You may be super nerdy but that doesn't mean you have to conform to this stereotype that you seem to perceive. If you're parents are having a say on your haircut at 19, then dude you may need to start asking questions. You're not going on a date with your mum, have fun while you can before you go short back and sides when you enter the grey corporate world.
I think you need new glasses, something more modern
So I'm going to give more general advice . related to what you're wearing to your date..If you want to dress better, accept that you're going to wear shit you've never worn before and it's going to be uncomfortable at first. It's going to be uncomfortable because it's new to you. Everything here from 'slimmer jeans' to 'ocbd' is met with resistance from you. That's cool. I don't really care one way or the other how you dress. But if you want to dress better, this is what you gotta do bro. Do you actually want clothing advice or did you want to make a post and ask if everything isn't terrible? I don't see what you would be able to change since you gave us absolutely no options with your wardrobe..I'm looking at your picture. You're not a swole dude. I don't mean that harshly but I mean that in the notion that you can't wear an oxford cloth button down (OCBD, it's not a dress shirt, it's pretty casual and you can think of it as a better 't-shirt' [nothing wrong with t-shirts either dawg]) because your shoulders are broad is bullshit. Get to Uniqlo since I presume there's one near you and get into some slim oxfords. Or if you want to drop some more money on better shit, get to Brooks Brothers and find some MUST IRON extra slim fit ones. This same thing applies to your jeans. I can't tell how large your thighs or butt are but they're probably not big. Maybe you can't wear Levi 510s but you can almost certainly do 511s. .You'll say it's uncomfortable. I'll say it's not the clothes but you. And you shouldn't feel uncomfortable in your clothes but you're fooling yourself if you think you can wear shit you've never worn before and feel at home in them. This is why you take shit step by step. Start off with better jeans. Get used to this new fit. Suddenly it'll feel normal and you'll be happy. Then pick up some OCBDs. They're not formal. You might think they are but you're wrong. Look at WAYWTs. I'm a big fan of blue oxfords, dark denim, and whatever shoes you got. It's a classic look and is great for a variety of occasions from work (if they let you wear jeans) to dates to nights out to concerts to whatever. .Big ups for posting man, you're well on the way if you found MFA. And if people want to make snide comments that I suggested you dress in the MFA Uniform, yeah that's probably true but who cares, it looks good and you want to look good..To answer your questions: Don't tuck. Tucking in polos is bad for most people. I hate tucking in oxfords too, especially into jeans, and the exceptions are not worth mentioning. Don't wear a hoodie if it's hot dawg, cmon..Do you like your polo? If not, wear a t-shirt. You don't need to dress nice for a date, especially just for coffee. Jeans and a white t-shirt are fine. Just be a fun dude who's into what you're into, is into what she has to say, and treat her like a bro. If you do these things, you really can't go wrong and will almost surely at the very least have a decent evening. 
I like this response, homie. I would also suggest the OCBD with a pair of levis. That's really all you need for this first date as a big step. Most importantly, make sure you get the shirt and jeans to fit property- which means you might be a bit uncomfortable at first but trust- you'll look way better. Even go ahead and keep the sneakers and just match with the jeans and shirt. Where are you from?
This is a quality response. Thanks a bunch..It's not that I don't want to change, I have been wanting to rework my wardrobe this past year, and didn't really know where to start. The suggestions are all good and I'll definitely check them out, I just didn't want to slip into brand new shit for a first date. I also get it's a time thing, but I know that it'll take a few days before I'm happily wearing thin jeans and ocbds..I know I need to work out to fit into an ocbd properly, definitely working towards it. Thanks a bunch for the advice, I'll definitely keep in mind when out shopping. 
I wouldn't wear the sweatshirt or the blazer, just the polo untucked
yeah, is there a reason you have to wear either a hoodie or a blazer instead of neither?
Cold weather.
wut
I don't know where he's from, and he edited the post either after my comment or I just overlooked it. 
Judging from the current weather, spelling and the fact he mentioned "Marks and Spencers", dude's in the UK.
haha okay.
I'm going to be a voice of dissent on  that shirt.  It is not flattering on you at all. I suggest a solid colored one instead of horizontal stripes
The only solid colour shirt I have that isn't in laundry right now is black, and extremely think material, hence why I don't want to wear it. Plus, this shirt is really thin. I agree, I personally dislike all stripes, but it's the best I have. I could quickly throw my red shirt in the wash, but again, that's a very warm shirt. Thanks for the opinion though!
The shirt just doesn't work for you, and it's because of your shoulders.  If you had bigger shoulders the lines would be parallel to the ground, but as it is it accentuates that you have smaller shoulders and causes the stripes to droop.  I'd go with lighter jeans and a dark grey polo, untucked for the love of god.
That shirt is hideous.
I know what it's like with Asian parents but you really gotta stop caring about what they think (fashion wise)
+1
Might get flamed in this forum for saying this, but honestly, worry less about what you're wearing and more about not being a tool and getting along with her.
I agree.  That being said you're going to be more confident if you're wearing something that you think makes you look good.  I would say go with whichever option does that for you. 
Haha, of course! I just want to cover all my bases. I mean, I /think/ I'm a nice guy?
Also, random advice. Remember it's not about being a "nice guy." Obviously, be kind and a gentleman. You want her to find you interesting. You said you are a bit nerdy so be passionate about those things but in a way she can connect to! Find out what she likes as well. Listen to her first and talk about yourself last but when you do be straightforward and passionate. Just being a nice guy doesn't get any girl because that's not the world we live in. It's expected for you to be decent but impressive for you to be interesting! And you are interesting even if you don't think you are. Just focus on what you like and don't try and be what you think she wants. Anyways, good luck! Haha
I was prepared for this comment to say 'Don't be a nice guy'..I was surprised when it didn't. Big ups.
don't be tho
Just be careful with the advice here. Don't wear something you wouldn't normally wear. If you're uncomfortable in your own clothes, it's going to be obvious and detrimental. 
great fashion advice
I thought it was pretty brave of him
most brands have connotations. compare supreme to obey, what is your initial response if I showed you the same jacket and said it was each? you'd likely be a lot bigger of a fan of the supreme version. that's not to discount all shitty brand connotations, I'm sure you could find an okay looking obey product, but if I had the option of either why would you ever go obey?.or to split styles, you wouldn't go and shop at brooks brothers if you walk around in supreme and cdg and hba on a daily basis, because its connotation is so far removed from the image you want to present. 
idk i thought the ricks looked cool
Brand is often associated with quality. I would take a well-made shoe that was a bit off style over a cheaply made but stylish-looking shoe. I think this sentiment is common here. 
An obvious reason brand can matter is quality assurance. Even the worst pair of Prada shoes will be good quality. Whether built for comfort or durability (an important distinction), just about all expensive clothes will have some kind of quality assurance..Another reason is intention. The brand or designer that a piece comes from can give insight into the reasoning behind the piece. This intention may or may not make a piece more valuable to a buyer for any number of reasons (irony, support of an ideal, added interest, et cetera). For example, that APC tee that says something like, "Fashion is for losers," or that CDG tee with the big dot on it.
Its not always the more expensive brand that is liked more. for example, I can't think of the name exactly but its that new adidas collab that looks a bit like vis vs vis itself. I actually like the way cheaper adidas collab better because I think that vis is so expensive that it diminishes the whimsical nature of their footwear. There's dissonance between how much you paid and the playful way the product presents itself. I'm not saying that the more you spend the more formal the shit should be, because obviously I don't believe that, but the pricetag and the whimsical nature are at odds to me
You might be interested n this discussion from a few months ago:
I judge an item starting from top to bottom and if the item makes it through all stages, I get it.  Brand is a distant thing in my mind because I'm always more concerned with 1 and 2.
I think I'm beginning to understand branding over time. I still don't like it, but I believe it's because I don't belong to that specific group of people. I think a lot of why people do what they do in their every day lives is in order to belong to a certain group that they feel they belong to. .It's hard for me to really explain it in terms of fashion, because I'm not a fashion guy at all, but I definitely see parallels to the car scene, which has always been a big part of my life. There are so many different styles and aesthetics that people try to follow in order to fit into a certain ideal. I think the Hellaflush movement is a good example of this (I hate it with a passion, but I do understand why they do what they do). Basically, people put wheels that are too large (both diameter and width) on their cars, and then make them fit by using tons of negative camber, undersized tires, pulling fenders, etc... Objectively speaking, this is terrible for handling and ride quality, but it does achieve a certain aesthetic that some people enjoy, and it makes them happy to be a part of a community that follows that same ideal. There are many online and real life communities dedicated to this styling theme, it's featured heavily in magazines and there are lots of meetups that people go to with cars that are modified in this manner. .A good thing to avoid, at least in my eyes is being very judgmental of other styles and using justification to legitimize your own, and look down on others. I used to do this a lot, and I think I still do to a certain extent, but I'm trying to stop. I'm not saying that you should like everyone's style, you can still hate it, but realize that this is your opinion, and others aren't stupid for liking it. I still find branding to be extremely tacky, but people that wear it are trying to make a particular statement, that is different from mine but a valid statement nonetheless as it comes from their own beliefs and convictions.
brand makes a difference to a lot of people, in any industry. It's a product of the way things are marketed, really...there are people who care about brand because its traditionally been a quality brand, a good designer, etc...but there are plenty of others who really just care about the name on it. These companies could (and sometimes do) get away with making lower-quality goods than when they first started out, and still charging a lot because of that name recognition. 
this is dumb. if i dress in full brooks brothers and jpress and that shit why shouldn't i go into atelier?
because (and I'm implying you've already got your shit together) the image presented by atelier is separate from your current aesthetic.obviously I'm using hyperbole to try and drive home my point. most people are fairly open to different styles and don't lock in on one specific one. but just as people get weird looks wearing OCBDs after first picking up mfa, you'd get weird looks in BB walking in wearing hype beast gear 
I didnt mean it that way, sorry. I meant that a shoe that looks the same but isnt a big brand or anything gets tossed around as ugly, but I see a similar visvim or RO shoe praised as a shoe of the gods on here. I remember someone saying that pollens RO shoes were jusst glorified converse that went a little higher.
The only answer that I can think of is that quality is sometimes a bit more apparent for shoes than other articles when viewed online. .Modeling and overall photographic qualities help too. I can take some seriously awful photos of AE. .And the other answer is that brand is a part of the allure of certain items. 
People will pay extra for a slight difference if its exactly what they want. .That's one reason why people are attracted to lets say common projects over kent wang sneakers.
ugh, those soles. KW had potnential with those shoes
What's wrong with them? I just looked at them and i think they look fine.
Theyre aight, they just could have been so much more with a simple cup sole.
This would be fine if there weren't literally hundreds of well made attractive shoes. 
Sure, but 'attractive' is subjective, as are the 'best' within a particular sub-category. If finding shoes that were well made and within a person's exact style guidelines was easy, this forum would have less to talk about. 
No it's very easy, the issue comes when people want to get the items at unreasonably low price. 
... which is exactly the point. With an unlimited budget, everyone would customize . what they wanted. But the reality is that almost everyone here does have a budget that they cannot pass. .Your definition of 'unreasonable' price might not be what another's is. This is why folks have brand preferences, certain quality expectations and overall difficulty finding a style that fits both. 
You said it was difficult to find good looking shoes that are well constructed. It isn't! As I said the only issue are the people who want to pay less than the cost if material + leather for a pair of shoes. .Just because people have varying budgets doesn't mean that high quality shoes are going to be available at every budget. This doesn't, however, make them hard to find, just shows people have unreasonable expectations. 
Haha, fair. I think it's pretty clear that we're agreeing in an echo chamber instead of arguing across great distance. Cheers. 
so you're saying that people fit into cookie cutter brands for aesthetic and that personal style is bunk and that you shouldn't attempt to integrate things outside of the same chocolate chips and flour and water and baking soda formula for clothing? don't try cinnamon because you use so much chocolate it'll never work
you got me there, personal style shouldn't fit steady brand lines.though (and you should know this mr EG) some people can find a particular brand suits them very well
AE takes some seriously awful pics of AEs.
The point of the brand though is to help give consumers more information about a product. You look at any two t-shirts online and if you don't know the brand you have no idea whether you're getting a quality shirt or not. Brands are meant to reduce this by giving a certain idea of the quality of the goods produced. With a brand, while it's not always perfect, I like brands because it gives me some indication of what sort of product I'm getting.
Personally, and I feel like for a lot of others, brands are more or less a type of superiority complex. I'm not saying that you buy more expensive brands to bring yourself up, or to put others down, you buy more expensive brands for an authenticity and aesthetic you can't get with other brands. To anyone else it looks just like another shirt or pair of shoes, but to the wearer it helps create their respective aesthetic and helps them keep peace of mind. Its the reason why I don't like buying things from Walmart and I don't like buying St John's Bay at thrift stores..For example, coming from an aesthetic point of view only, you can . jacket from Supreme or you could get . from Filson. While there are slight differences in the appearance, in any outfit the jacket could achieve the same look, but to the wearer depending on which jacket that is being worn either a streetwear or a workwear aesthetic is created..Some people just like the hype that lives behind a brand. Supreme x Hanes for example. A plain white or black tee with a small box logo in the corner. $40 for a 3 pack but a lot of people bought them for the Supreme name. 
I get your point, but I'm not sure that's the greatest example. Those are very very different jackets, they would radically alter any outfit if switched.
great post. I didn't even know about Supreme X Hanes. that is probably the ultimate consumerism and branding commentary/ridicule that I have seen.
Ya, I wasn't too sure about it. I wouldn't say the jackets are that different. Why do you say it would radically alter the outfit? The only things different I can tell is the Filson has more technology and a slightly darker shade of olive. It wouldn't change the outfit that much unless someone is really playing with the color.
The Supreme is a fairly versatile, olive chino, unlined jacket. It has a little bit of a military vibe, but there really isn't much there in terms of connotations. The Filson comes in one of two foresty colours, is made of a rugged waxed cotton (relatively heavy weight) with a wool collar, and has utilitarian detailing throughout (snaps+zipper, large patch pockets+chest pockets, adjustable cuffs). It has an unambiguous workwear vibe and I'm not sure it could really be worn outside of that context, whereas the Supreme is quite a bit more neutral (which is obviously why they are using it as a canvas for interesting prints).
Brand is part of the product. Brands have cool levels and build, with their customers' help, a tribalistic sense. Rick is cool because of a combination of the products themselves, the people who identify with the brand and the brand on is own. This is a limiting thing. Just like nobody wants skechers geos, nobody wants j press geos or brooks brothers geos. Nobody wants rick sack suits or black traditional wingtips, either.
well, I'd just like to add that, strictly by definition, a sack jacket isn't a terrible thing...if its made well and fits well a sack jacket can look great (since really, a sack jacket is just a blazer that isn't darted)...Brooks Brothers makes a pretty sharp one, for example. .But, they're generally associated with ugly, poorly fitting coats, so people dislike them. .Which really all ties back into this discussion, in a way, because much like with designers, it's all in the name recognition. For example, Hollister has NEGATIVE name recognition with a lot of people...they could totally overhaul their line/quality/designs to be in line with more high-end, modern aesthetics...but they're Hollister...people won't care. Same as with sack jackets, and opposite of what happens with many big-name designers like Gucci (they make some great stuff, but they also make some shit that people buy just because it's Gucci) 
I have nothing against sack suits, I just think a rick outfit that is played straight to an office sensibility without any of his flavour would be a pretty bad product, even if it were a fantastic suit otherwise
I see what youre saying. Im just curious as to what would make the RO not ugly while a knock off would be ugly. Is the brand really that gamebreaking in terms of whether or not the majority of people think something looks good?
i would like a pair of rick traditional black wingtips to be honest.also skechers geos have a lot of potential
Why not just buy regular black wingtips and pretend they're by rick? Or do you mean you want rick to do something interesting with a black wingtip?
obviously buying rick for the brand currency so i can tell people these standard florsheim-esque wingtips are by rick owens and blow their mind by how incongruent it is with everything else i wear
I tell everyone who asks about my clothes irl that it's all Rick so I don't see why you shouldn't start doing the same
my clothes are all toj it's contemporary timeless classic clothing built for the modern man and era 
I don't understand this part. Do you get a new dress shirt for every occasion? I rarely wear dress shirts myself (the last time was maybe 3 months ago) so I just keep a few basic colors on hand.
Yeah, I could have described that better. No I don't buy new shirts each time. Thing is as of right now I have NO dress shirts (between learning how things fit and loosing a little weight, the shirts I did have are significantly too big). I'll be picking up a blue and white striped shirt in the near future for some weddings coming up. The reason for my question is that I like having the basics of my wardrobe consist of a few staples that I know work for me - my jeans were old navy bootcuts and will become 514's when the next pair wears out, chinos weren't part of my wardrobe and are now D1s, my shirts were old navy / gap polos and short sleeve button downs, now they're Uniqlo button downs and will be replaced by a better fitting polo (probably the athletic fit target ones) when I start retiring what I have.
I'm trying to get a little advice on where to start looking for a dress shirt brand to go with knowing that Uniqlo fits me well avoiding the obvious answer of 'buy Uniqlo dress shirts' (which is under consideration) because like I said I'd prefer to know the B&M store that works for me for when the time comes that I need my second or third dress shirt.
Yeah, I get what you're saying. The thing is, you have to remember why Uniqlo is recommended here so oftenthey offer a very good combination of low price, slim fit, and decent quality. It's hard combination to beat at most American retailers. .So, I might ask you whether you're willing to pay significantly more money and/or sacrifice quality for the privilege of buying locally? Or you could always buy traditionally cut shirts and get them tailored, but that will cost you additional time and money. 
Yeah I understand the issue here (and why a different retail brand isn't recommended as frequently as Uniqlo)-  I would consider sacrificing both cost and quality a bit - as I said I'm willing to go up to consider pushing the budget up  (to ~$50 if necessary, though I'd prefer options lower of course!) and considering the relatively minimal wear these shirts will get the quality isn't as important as the fit in my 'cost, quality, fit: pick 2' tradeoff..
If I needed a new slim dress shirt tonight for less than $50, I would take the afternoon off work and check out my local H&M, Express, and Zara. All of these are shit brands compared to Uniqlo, but I think they're the best options given the constraints.
J crew 484 is pretty good, although pretty slim. .Dockers alpha is alright too..Brooks brothers milano is another quality option that is slightly less slim..Polo Ralph Lauren makes some great chinos too, the custom fit chinos and suffield
Chinos are about the same as milanos.
I really enjoy my 5-pocket Polo chinos, though I did have to get them taken in, but that's also partially because I have chicken legs.
The most highly recommended budget chinos are Dockers Alphas. I don't know much about uniqlo chinos but I'd imagine they are good for the price..As for colors: the most versatile are khaki, navy, and olive green. 
Gap's slim fit lived in chinos. Fit great, super cheap, most comfortable pants I have,
I'll second The Gap. Their slim khakis also fit very well. 
I was very surprised as GAP's prices when I went there this weekend.  I hadn't touched GAP since I was beginning middle school but I remembered it being a cheap and affordable brand.  Maybe I have a unique example but I took a look at their henleys and they were $30+!  I thought that was fucking expensive for GAP!  I mean, I could get a similar looking one (better fit too) at American Eagle (I know you hate on it a lot, but I'm still 17 and their henleys aren't that bad and the branding isn't too noticeable.)
Why? It's not like you're trying to impress a bunch of people at the gym anyway... And I wouldn't want to carry around a bag with important papers and work stuff with sweaty gym clothes because eventually the bag is going to smell like shit.
I'd be carrying the bag to work first and I walk/subway to work. I would be taking it to work with clean clothes and changing when I go to the gym and going home in those. The bag would rarely have dirty clothes in it. 
Ok we'll honestly I have no idea where you'd find a bag big enough to fit clothes, a laptop, and whatever else. I think you're better off stinking to an Adidas bag and a backpack.
 The top comment looks like it may work for you.
[deleted]
Well aren't you a negative Nancy!
Not sure about the other companies, but I know Jcrew can give you exact measurements of their sizes if you email them with the sizes and items your thinking about. Because I'm in Australia there's no way I can try on their clothing so I just see what the sizing of their shoulder, sleeve, chest and waist is and get the one closest to my size. It usually works out pretty well. 
I'm 5'6" 120lb 34" chest and wear XS. I bought the . in XS which says it's 34 but I'm returning it as it fits more like a Small/Medium. I'd definitely size down to a 32 or look at a different brand
Sterlingwears fit very large -- a lot of Army/Navy surplus stores carry them, if you live near one of those. I found their fit to be extremely broad and blocky, even when sizing down..I have a J Crew Bayswater in small, which I think fits me well at around a a 40 chest and 32 waist (though, honestly, I could probably get the waist taken in). Basically, I really like the coat, but I would recommend sizing down 1, and since you're firmly an XS there's probably nowhere to go. So try on the XS when it comes in stock, but it might be too big for you. It's also a fairly long coat; traditional pea coat length, but shorter cropped pea coats are a thing you see often enough that it's worth making the distinction.
sadly I'm a 5'8, 35 chest and 29 waist. I guess the xs bayswater is the way to go, but I might need to get it tailored still.
I'm 5'9" with a 36" chest and 30' waist, ~140 lbs and the xs bayswater fits very well
i don't have measurements but i'm 5'7" 150 36-37 chest, 30ish waist and the small bayswater fits me great.  XS for you should be pretty slim though i'm not sure how tall you are
do you know how long it is? does it hit crotch level for you or mid thigh?
Im 5' 11' and I have the small bayswater. It hits a little past the crotch for me. It's almost the length of a suit jacket.
I'm 5'9" 130 and the JCrew Bayswater in XS fits great. I wore it every day during the winter. Make sure you get the one with Thinsulate. It's worth it. 
There's a good chance the XS will fit you well, actually. Definitely worth a try. I think I got mine for ~170 on sale last black friday.
I bought a Schott last winter, if anything you should size up, not down unless you want it to be skin tight. If you live in the USA then exchanging it if it doesn't fit would be pretty easy even if you don't live near a store.
i'd say it covers my crotch but maybe not quite mid thigh, i haven't worn it in a while i'd have to doublecheck
"roshi run" lol.did you try pming the dude
a) it's Roshe Run.b) . OP asked about pants, not the sneakers.edit for clarity
did you watch the video lol
OP asked about the pants and all you gave him was the misspelled name of the sneakers the video guy is wearing/talking about..The pants are from Cotton On.
i meant .as in he said it funny
Ah I gotcha. He seemed to know what he was talking about (sneakerhead) so I just assumed he knew the pronunciation. I've just been saying "Rosh Run" in my head when I read the name.
He says they're from Cotton On, pretty sure . are the exact ones. . chinos from I Love Ugly look similar though.
He says they're from Cotton On..This looks like a possible match:

[deleted]
If someone not on mobile could report this guy it'd be incredible, third thread I've seen him in today. 
Height? Weight? Chest? Waist? Length of erect penis?
I have flat feet and over-pronation. Canvas shoes/boat shoes/mocs/loafers aren't going to give you any arch support, but I wear them regardless. Have you tried going to a podiatrist? They'll mold you a custom orthatic you can slip into shoes..Suede bucks is probably what you're looking for, assuming it doesn't rain all the time where you live. You can wear them sockless with shorts and they'll have the same arch support as your dress shoes since they're oxfords.
Not shoe related exactly but I'm just gonna give a shoutout to ., and . to let your feet fix themselves. Read the sidebars and take it slow but give it a thought. 
This only works for some people, and others will be more injured by this. It is best to see a doctor before using these products unless you already have decent feet. 
I'd agree that people should see a doctor before changing or entering into rehabilitative methods but taking a 5 minute walk barefoot every day is very unlikely to cause damage unless you have a broken foot..Most people get injured by these methods by doing too much too soon. Nearly every thread in those subreddits highly emphasise starting slow and progressing slower that you think necessary even to very seasoned runners..These products being your own feet? And for minimalist shoes or five-fingers it's common and well-given advice to ditch the shoes entirely and get proper form as even that padding can disguise improper technique that will be sorted out by going barefoot.
I personally love minimal running but there is a danger for people who may have an undiagnosed disease where impact further damages the body (I forget the name, recent MFA thread) so it's best to be safe. 
I love my suede bucks, but they are definitely not breathable. They look great for the summer time but just be aware that your feet may be really hot. 

Thanks for the link. They do carry them at some local shops here so I will try some on.
I have the sperry's authentic original in sahara. They have mixed opinions here, but I like them.
I'm guessing that the mixed opinions are based primarily on looks, is that correct? I think they look good. .Do they have a decent arch? It isn't clear in the photos. I need a pretty big one, and/or room for inserts. 
Yeah I guess some people just think they look funny. But in hot climates this shoe can't be beat. I have flat feet and am unsure of the arch. Trying some on would be the best option.
Okay, thanks a bunch. Being a guy with who overheats easily with supination and high arches makes shoe shopping a major pain. I've always steered clear of boat shoes because they look too flat, but I'll check these out.
I'm in Portland, OR. Doesn't get much rainier, but I still might give them a shot. .From what I understand, a podiatrist will create something that "corrects" my supination, attempting to make my foot sit flat. This is what I get if I buy insoles for supination. Having my supination "corrected" actually causes me more problems in the knees, hips, and back. So, if I understand correctly, I want the support most would advise for those with over-pronation..I might be confused about how a podiatrist would treat this, but I want more support on the inner sole, even though I roll to the outside. .Anyway, thank you for your input.
IMO the best support is no support. There's a lot of debate about this, but in my anecdotal experience, thin and flat shoes have greatly reduced knee pain and eliminated foot pain. I also run in Merrell barefoot trail gloves and they've gone a long way to help strengthen (not support) my foot and ankle. 
I'd see a podiatrist. I have super high arches and my custom orthotics are a godsend. Your problems with the correction might be because of the out of the box orthotics.
If you can't wear suede bucks because of the wet conditions, you can try woven oxfords, which can actually be cooler and still provide decent arch support..Example: 
Wow!.I never would have known to search that term and I love them. 
Ill look into it. I might have to wait for a scratch-off win first. .Thanks
Tried it. Destroyed my body.
Ouch. Maybe because I started younger and dumber I adjusted better... Sad to hear it. Oh well, whatever works for fitness, do it! (And if it doesn't work, do something else!)
As a guy with really flat feet, I feel your pain. I use custom orthopedic insoles but still, going through the summer sucks. If winter is not that big of a problem because I mostly wear boots, in the hot season I am kind of stuck with a pair of beaten down sneakers that, for some reason, seem to protect my feet pretty well..Most shoes today are way too flat and, for me, way too flexible, so plantar fascitis is only a walk away if I choose the wrong pair.Anyway, if you find that flexibilty is part of the issue for you, put a little pressure on the shoe in a bending motion: if the shoe doesn't bend (much) between the middle of the sole and the heel, it should be rigid enough and you could consider buying it..Insoles do help, but remember that not many shoes have a removable insole of their own that you can remove.
Thank you. I'm fine in the winter, too. I stick with my Doc Martens because with a cheap insert from Walmart, they're perfect. .When supper rolls around, it's flip-flops only, which, you know ... sucks.
Shoes no, maybe with shorts because skin tone is a factor..Shirts, yes, I think shirt color matching skin tone is way more important than shoes. Just wear whatever shoes are appropriate for the situation.
Air Maxs look sick with any type of outfit as do Nike Blazers. Vans go with everything too. I'd grab a few pairs of vans and maybe air maxes if you like the look. 
good luck man
I don't think being black puts you in a different position in terms of shoes from other people. My recommendations are still the same, chukka boots (think Clarks Desert Boots in Beeswax), canvas sneakers (Chucks, Jack Purcell, Vans), and on the dressier side you could try some wingtips or monk strap shoes, in a lighter brown shade, or suede so they don't appear too formal. Those are all pretty basic and universally flattering things. Really the only truly important rule of shoes is to stay away from athletic looking sneakers unless doing something athletic. 
Thanks for the suggestions, I'll definitely give these a run
Sorry what exactly on the shoes guide . work for a black guy? .Shoes: Converse Chuck Taylors, Vans Authentics, Nike Air Force 1s, Sperry Authentic Originals, Nike Janoski, Nike Blazer, New Balance 574 (among others)..And frankly saying what you wear doesn't really tell nearly enough; a picture is worth a thousand words. Colors matter, fit matters, etc.
Thanks, I'll try these out, highly appreciated.
Side note: I'm not one to hate, but a lot of you guys probably look way outta place. Where you live and the culture you're from really affects how you act and dress. I know you guys are trying to dress nicely, but this entire subreddit for some reason gets boners off of 'dressing up'. A lot of this shit isn't practical for a day to day basis in my opinion. 
'African American' fashion is just where streetwear meets 'mfa', which is exactly how I choose to dress, and I think that's what this dude is asking.
Just my thoughts, peace. 
Yeah I really wasn't talking about the color of my skin, more like the style of a guy who isn't extremely dressy and has some ethnic, soul and a hint of ghetto lol. There's no way of explaining this without sounding idiotic but you seem to get where I'm coming from. Thanks
This couldn't be farther from the truth. If anything this sub stresses that dressing up does not equal dressing well. .. Very few of the posts are 'dressed up'. 
I've been told air max's before but I can only find shoes similar to these:.I just want to be sure that this style is the one you guys are referring to, or is there another Air Max that I don't know about? Thanks for your comments, really appreciated
Check those, It might be hard to find the ones you like, you might have to order. Check a streetwear store in your local city, they usually have them. 
Thanks man, Some helpful examples on that site.
Honestly, I am of the opinion that asking this question just fosters the attitude that there is . a big difference between white people and black people besides skin color..We're all (mostly) dudes here, and there are many types of fashion for dudes. You could dress like a woman, for all we care, but just because you're black doesn't mean you can't wear chinos, raw denim, OCBD's, henleys, etc. etc. etc. You're the only one who thinks that "it's good for white dudes.".I'm not trying to be offensive, truly. I just think this is a ridiculous question.
I can't figure out why so many people new to dressing up hate the look of dress shoes.  Why do you hate them?  .Dress shoes are shiny, they're supposed to be that way.  It's one of the things that distinguishes dress shoes from cheap business casual shoes.  
Dress shoes should be shiny. I'm confused as to why anyone would hate that look?
You have to either shine them yourself or buy extremely cheap fake shined shoes in order for dress shoes to shine. When decent dress shoes aren't shined, they aren't shiny at all. For most situations you don't need to shine your shoes anyway. 

I was reading that earlier bit its pretty deep. I'm just looking for something off the shelf. When I have more money ill drop several hundred on a pair of shoes-for-life but for now I was just asking if non-shiney formal shoes are acceptable at the moment. 
Ok thanks, I've never bought a pair of dress shoes that cost more than $50 so I guess my perception has been all wrong. 
Walk around a Nordstrom and look at the Allen Edmonds shoes for examples of decent quality ones.  They are $200 in the next Nordstrom sale or if you wait Allen Edmonds sells seconds for 2 for $250 in an upcoming sale. 
...when is this upcoming sale?
I hear the AE one is in a few months and the Nordstrom sale has a post on here. It is next week I think. 
What about non-shiny oxfords.
I took a look at this and they look great! Thanks for the suggestion. 
See my comment to speaktomenow about knackers, but I guess you're right. No point in spending money on good shoes just for them to look cheap at the end of the day. 
I reckon you would want to in most semi formal situations. Well polished shoes look good and last longer and they are not hard to do. Trust me people notice when shoes are shabby.
I went to private school and have traumatic memories of being reprimanded for my shoes never being shiney enough. Plus I come from Ireland and over here we have these people called 'knackers', sort of equivelant to American trailer trash or UK chavs, who make a point of giving a hard time to anyone they perceive as putting in too much effort to their appearance and shiney shoes attract their attention. They seem to think anyone who doesn't wear a track suit on a weekday does so because they think they're better than they are. 
I think the OP has mostly been exposed to Patent Leather shoes.  There's shiny and then there's ..  If OP wants to avoid really shiny shoes, avoid patent leather.
Thanks, I think you've nailed it. 
They are a version of wayfarers. I know Oakley has some like that called  frogskins. Lots of designers have a take on them. 
the folds on the top look like cordovan but I'm not 100%
It would be much easier to tell with a top down shot rather than a side shot, as shell cordovan can be most easily distinguished from the creasing in the vamp.
Thanks for the replies!.Does . picture help? 
Agreed, shell cordovan . in a very unique way, but it's hard to tell without more pictures.
The shoe in back definitely has the tell-tale sign of cordovan "creasing" IMO.  Much more of a swell in the leather vs a choppy crease - apologies for the wave references, but taking a few days at the beach.
Haha, hope you're having fun at the beach, but... do you think it's shell or not? :)
The only interesting thing I think they could do for the collab is so sort of waxed denim, denim with mad staxx or both.
This seems quite misjudged.
nigga in paris
APC jumped the shark with that Carhartt collab, this just confirms it IMO..time to move on to Scandinavian minimalism. 
I'd like to see a jacket. Maybe even a Kanye specific bomber. .To be honest, I bet this collab will be entirely too gaudy for my tastes.
AWWW Yeah,.predistressed denim. Brand new clothes that are worn out, so i don't have to do it myself. Kanye is a genius.
APC makes a quality product. They aren't gonna slack on that just cus Ye is in the building. Yeezy is pretty big on fashion. It's gonna be some designer shit for sure. Whether it's MFA-approved designer shit remains to be seen, but we'll know in a couple weeks.
Lets be honest..Once this blows up (like it is), all we're going to see is every other person saying "This is so stupid. Kanye is doing the opposite of what he raps about. Hes the biggest consumer... Hes a hypocrite... Hes taking advantage... blah blah blah." Then people are going to ignore the designs and quality JUST BECAUSE Kanye made it. Trust me..But seriously... It's fucking Kanye West and APC, its going to be awesome. 
IMO the opposite is going to happen. people will be all over it because of Kanye. That's the whole point of collabs like this..But he's tried to design clothing before and it wasn't very good at all.
Can't see this being worth it unless the designs are super special because regular APC pricing is already pretty high for what you're getting. Plus the hypebeasts will be all over this. 
Ahh, just another great thing I won't be able to afford. According to A.P.C.'s website, it drops 7/14 at 10AM EST.
he'll give us what we need.it may not be what we want
I'm so glad I'll be in SoHo that morning!
More info
.Dropping July 14
Man, those comments.
I've read through a few and this one pjordan user kept leaving comments about how music was dead and how things were way better back in the day. My favorite so far : .way to buck the HuffPost user stereotype man
wow so unique so edgy wow
Ah yes right of course.Ok cool
i think ur jealous that kanye dresses 10000 times better than u
Not really, i just don't think doing a generic prewashed pair of jeans for a company that makes excellent raw's is appropriate and offers nothing interesting regardless of how i feel about Kanye.
company that makes excellent raws (but also buys back distressed jeans from people and sells them at a huge markup).  They aren't exempt from selling washed jeans just because denimbros kinda like them, lol.  
Generic prewashed jeans? You and other posters here may have a chubby for raws, but there are plenty of us who prefer jeans that dont stain the shit out of everything. If you're not impressed, don't buy them. Don't think it's fair to call them generic considering it's still something put out by APC. I won't be buying anything from the collection, but i'm interested to see how it turns out
"People" being a small vocal minority. You've been on the internet too long friend
How so? I thought the Carhartt collab was dope
More details:
didn't Hedi based one of the dior cuts of apc cure? 
Any beginner will suck. That's because they're beginners. Kanye never stated that he was a prodigy in the fashion world..
Yes, and he's still a beginner, so logically his collabo with apc will be mediocre at best unless he gets a lot of help from actual fashion people. And if he does get a lot of help, it's just regular apc with kanye's name on the tag.
He's interned under a lot of big names...By the looks of it, you won't even give this guy a chance, fam.
"Jeans, t-shirts, and hoodies" according to the paint huffing tin post. I wouldn't mind seeing some .. That jacket is pretty fly. Seeing as Versace is claiming that shiny is the fashion this year, I wouldn't be surprised to see Ye go that route and put out some real shimmery t-shirts and jeans.
The whole waxed denim/leather thing was last year though.
givenchy is going with camo and floral tho, we all know kanye likes his givenchy
That's the stuff they have out right now. Their S/S stuff is totally different (and not in a way I'm super hype about).
I think it was summer 2014 that had the blue and orange camo with floral 2? not sure tho, had the model with pink hair in a barbershop or something
I haven't seen their S/S 14 lookbook, but judging from the Paris show, it didn't look like that's the kind of look they were going for this upcoming year. But maybe they're doing something totally different in their RTW stuff.
you can just google givenchy summer 2014 to find alot of the seasonal clothes, I gotta admit I don't really like the look either
Oh man I didn't think it would be that bad but of the 5 that I read each one made me cringe. I would bet that most of those people have never even heard of APC.
I was thinking A Perfect Circle.   Is this some kind of actual fashion thing?
whoa, are you suggesting the readers of a website designed for middle aged American housewives might not be aware of the latest streetwear brands in France?
APC? Yeah it's one of the more popular designer brands out there. Makes really nice looking stuff but it can be pretty expensive.
Thanks! I'm really interested to see all the pieces.
Calling it, Kanye is the new Yohji
I wish rappers would wear Yohji.
Yeezus: Lord of the #Menswear
ASAP without a doubt shouts out Yohji, I'm sure others wear it too.
I could see Tech N9ne rocking some Yohji or RO.
More like yeezy: black drapey shit.
not feeling it.i like kanye but i hate this current trend of celebrities desperately wanting to be 'in' on the fashion industry for no actual purpose....seems like he's spent the last couple of years forcing himself upon ppl just because he's 
What about all of the collaborations he already had? For example his Louis V. sneakers, not mentioning Yeezy's. Kanye is the ultimate trendsetter for most of the rich kids around thr globe. 
yeezus is fashion
back 2 . pls
Kanye's always been super into and involved with fashion though, it's not like it's some random celebrity designing shit. Kanye probably cares about fashion as much if not more than you and I do. If he finds it an interesting field and wants to work in it, what's so wrong with that? 
eh... i think this quote from rocky p much summarises my thoughts on the subject
It's just a collaboration, and the opportunity was probably offered to him. If I were in his position I'd probably accept that too.
well i'm happy 4 u, but w/o being corny i thought a lot of ppl on this sub would appreciate a little more depth to something than simply an opportunity for an already rich person to become more rich....should every rapper who's ever name dropped a designer be offered a collaboration w/ an established brand too?.being rich and egotistical enough to buy a lot of designer clothing doesn't directly correlate w/ a serious interest in fashion
kanye has collaborated with Louis vuitton in 2009 and has released a few runway collections (which are shit) its not like this shit is new 
...yet ppl here continue to relentlessly stan him 
The dude made skirts cool to a lot of people. He raps about fashion too. It definitely extends beyond just another way for him to make money. If it was just money he wanted he wouldn't be going with a french company that most of his fandom hasn't heard of/won't spend money on.
i think ur greatly underestimating the popularity of apc...
I think you're greatly overestimating the popularity of APC. The average consumer (a beginner in MFA, for example) has no idea what APC is.
my bad. for a moment i was thinking the fashion industry might in fact exist outside of this subreddit ./s
Who do you think moved more product.. apc or miley Cyrus's line for Walmart? There's way more motivation than just money here is all I'm saying.
i don't really see how two completely different brands in completely different price tiers is a fair comparison .yes, walmart probably sold more, but @ 5% of apc's prices...
It's both music celebs who "went into fashion". Anyway, it is much more obvious who did it for money and who did it to get into the fashion world.
Isn't Rocky doing a collab with Raf 1995 tho
This has been known for about a month. Excited that we finally have a date. I can't wait to see. Hopefully it won't be sold out immediately. As a Kanye stan who wears a lot of APC, I can't miss out on this.
 ps fuck yourself.
lmaooooooooooo.did u seriously just link a . article expecting anything u said to have any credibility? .done w/ u 
Who says COMPLEX has no credibility? Many of their articles are very accurate in depicting streetwear. Sure they have some . articles, but they do a good job in research and putting out information on some .. Just because you may not like the style that they tend to prefer they do well trying to vary their articles with some .. So get rid of your pretentious attitude and do some research before you bash a publication.
ur right, nothing says great journalistic writing & fashion knowledge more than 500 stock photos of givenchy t shirts a day 
So you're against a website showing pictures of what's popular with their readers? I guess we should clean up MFA then, no desert boots, no Levi's, no JCrew, etc. Websites show things that appeal to the visitors, whether posted by the community or a singular author. You can't just blindly bash something for having a differing opinion than yours. 
dude, stop trolling this sub.
opinion != trolling
You're not giving an opinion, you're just picking fights with people who are disagreeing with you and being a douche. Totally different things. 
jeans aren't the only thing apc makes
But he's been 'in' since before he started. 
Eh.  Even if they do end up looking nice, they'll sell out in less than 2 minutes.  Or we'll see them on eBay at a 500% markup..Anyways, tag could have been better.
[deleted]
you're getting on the defensive when you really don't have to (nor should you be)
I hate how right you are. I've always dreamed of owning a pair of Nike Yeezy but I know I'll never get it at a reasonable price (if $250 for sneakers is reasonable...).
you know what, even if you could afford them, back to problem number 1, they'll be sold out in 2 minutes
thats what hes saying...
some hand selected ones.and my personal favorite.and perhaps the sickest burn off all time.are you fucking ready for this.OOOOOOOH SHIT.(and we thought . was closeminded)
Don't you wish you were alive in the 70s when music was REAL!!.My greatest regret is that I was born in 2001 and will never see my favorite band the Beatles perform live :'((
[deleted]
To be fair, if he dresses decently half the time he's beating out pretty much every other rapper.
not every other, but I see your point and you don't deserve downvotes.  
I would pay to have Kanye's junk all over my body..Does anybody else think it's funny that the head of APC's name is Jean...
tfw wrong generation
404 sides not found 
Anytime I feel glum about people on reddit I head over to any major british newspaper and read some comments on articles. It puts things into perspective..It's also amazing how . in the news is apparently related to lackadaisical or menacing immigrants and/or lying politicians.
It's absolutely true because I read it in the . 
and my favorite:
He knows which direction the father is in.  He named the kid North so he would have a clue as to where to find him.
Nothing screams French Minimalism like Kanye West.
Kanyestan must be a pretty hip central-Asian country
Official Language: Swaghili
Yah and there's gonna be a movie based on the true story of prince cyhi of kanyestan who comes to America with his manservant friend Travis Scott to find his bride but winds up deep in the powder game selling drugs with some guy named Terrence Thornton 
Is that the one with the guy from Borat?
Ye.P.C.
I also saw that comment on hypebeast
Measure your chest, add 5, and pick the ocbd which has a chest that size.
Add 5 inches is the rule of thumb? I have a 31' chest, and 36' chest things are really baggy on me..I always thought you were just suppose to measure with a finger between chest and tape for moving space.
Yup, they just added a second slim OCBD icon.  Strange, but their website is the most efficiently managed.  
One of them is the new updated model. I'm not exactly sure what changed but I believe it is a little different
the one on the bottom is short sleeve. 
The grey one says "men Oxford slim fit long sleeve shirt"
do you mean the ones at the bottom of the page or the bottom of the long-sleeved oxford section, i think i might have misunderstood you
Bottom of long sleeved Oxford section. 
uh well the only difference i can see is that the one on top is more pastel colors while the one on the bottom is more toned down. besides that i assume they're the same
If you have a small chest 3-4" is better. But for 35" + it's certainly 5"..This is only for button ups.
whats your budget?
Up to about 75, probably
Damn i dont know what to give to you.
i was going to link .  
I have a 29" waist and have the same problem. I take my belts to the shoe cobbler and have them shortened at the buckle. Cost should be anywhere from $6 to $20 depending on the cobbler/location/star alignment.
Genius!
 is one option
That's the second recommend for Tanner, they seem pretty popular
Maybe there is an exception for having a small waste, but conventionally you buy your belt two inches longer than your waste size. Therefore a 28 waist calls for a 30 belt, so why would you want smaller?
Ah, I just saw the same thing on the J Crew sizing chart. Maybe we could add that tidbit to the sidebar. Messenging mods.
American apparel XS
If you feel like being a bit crafty, there's a tutorial for making your own in the sidebar.
This has been discussed on SF I think. Lubbock's do this too. They may wear in. If not, you could put a small piece of mole skin on the inside of the strap
ask in the simple questions thread, it just came up
I don't have that style by my Allen Edmonds loafers are ridiculously loud too.  I have them for years and they are still loud even though they weren't for the first few weeks.  The only thing Nordstrom's told me to do was exchange them.
I have a pair of Norwich's and don't experience any noise - do they fit you just right? I assume you were sized properly on a brannock device... sometimes your feet can be different sizes/widths and that can cause issues with the fit. I think on my pair, I have the buckle on the middle hole, can you wear them like that and not have them be too loose?
What did you spend on them from Zappos, if you don't mind me asking?  I lubricated them a bit with leather lotion on the shoe and Vaseline on the metal and the squeak went down.  
Whats SF? Is that a specific thread or subreddit?
Style forum. There's an enormous Allen Edmonds thread over there 
Styleforum, a men's fashion website/discussion board.
About 289, down from the 320 or so retail. Thanks for the tip regarding Vaseline, I'll give that a go. This is my second pair of AE, I also have a pair of walnut strands. Next purchase will probably be black fifth avenues.
I definitely tightened the buckle to the tightest hole. That may the problem. I'll loosen it and see how that works. The fit isn't as snug as I'm used to with AE Strands and Park Avenues with the middle hole.
Are you flatfooted?
I don't think so, no.
does anyone else find their website obnoxious?
As someone currently in a fraternity, I like their website. They are selling a lifestyle more than a product.
chock it up to a difference of lifestyle then, programmerbro. i find it hard to assess the fit of their shorts in those silly action shots knowwhatimean?
A tailor can make modifications to the shoulders of the suit, but it has its limits, it gets expensive, takes time, and won't make the suit magically look better. However, it can certainly improve your situation.
OP, can we see a fit pic of the suit when it gets here? I mean, worst case scenario you wear it once for the wedding and then exchange it once the smaller one is in stock.
Your best option is to take it to. Good tailor that specializes in menswear and ask them to do their best within your budget. 
Personally what I would do is return the suit and rent one for the wedding. Then buy an all purpose suit that fits you well instead of settling and spending a good chunk of change. 
Just got it back yesterday.  Here it is, brace yourself:.Pants will need to be hemmed obviously.  Shoulders are too big, everything needs to be slimmed way down.  FYI I'm wearing it with an OCBD but would wear a dress shirt at the wedding.
That's not beyond repair. If you really want to get it taken in then go ahead, otherwise, I'd just advice hemming the legs up. Are you ever going to wear the suit again? Can you return it after the wedding?
Thanks for the thoughts!  I can't return it, so hoping to make the best use of it possible and wear it again.  That being said, if it doesn't turn out well then I probably only wear it to the wedding, haha.
Honestly I'd love to but unfortunately not really an option in this case.
Why not
I'm in the wedding party.  I don't get to choose the suit or how I get it bc it has to match the rest of the wedding party.  I'm pretty sure I can't rent that exact suit.
Don't waste money on things that don't fit. 
Believe me, I don't want to, but I'm stuck with this suit bc I'm in the wedding party and they don't have any other size.
Can't you just go to another place and buy something similar? What kind of suit is it?
haha - stop being such an asshole. he said he can't. 
Lol I didn't mean it as an asshole. There has to be other options. 
You clearly haven't been in a wedding before.
Uhh I was just at a wedding on Saturday. Shit I mean if the wedding party wants him to look like shit then thats their problem I guess.
I'd take it to the dry cleaner ASAP
Amodex!
had the same problem.  hairspray and paper towels got a lot out, but eventually ended up at the dry cleaners.  ultimately, you can still tell it's there but you have to look for it. :(
Gotcha. Fortunately it's only staining the lining inside the jacket and hasn't reached the outer layer. Alcohol prep swabs are actually doing a bang up job getting a good bit of it out.
Please take it to the dry cleaners. If you try something on your own, you WILL do some damage,  since you've never destained before. Ink spills happen all the time. The cleaners will know exactly what to do with it. 
Gotcha. Gotta see if I can borrow a jacket for my shift tomorrow night. 
if i were u i'd get something w/ more cushioning. killshots r bad shoes but ppl r hyped on them for w/e reason.any nikes w/ lunar cushioning i'd recommend, those shoes r comfortable as fucc. i do a lot of walking in my flyknits and, compared 2 any other shoe i own, my feet thx me 4 it
what.
A few miles, sure. On your feet literally all day or walking more than five miles? Might be best to go for something with more cush. 
It's suitable for extensive walking.
If you love your feet, don't do it. .I wear my Killshots to work pretty frequently and get some pretty bad pains in my feet from time to time. (Then again I'm on my feet for a good part of the day...).Don't suffer for fashion's sake. 
ask 
That wouldn't be my first Nike to go to in terms of comfort but I'm sure they're very durable and comfortable. I like Roshe Wovens or Frees or more of a running style.
How extensive are we talking? Because they do not have a lot of padding on the sole. If you're walking with breaks in between, they'll be perfectly fine. If you'll be walking non-stop all day, I would recommend getting some different soles..Btw, this type of question is perfect for the Simple Questions thread posted today. Just for future reference.
I've found that it's more important to be acclimated to walking lots in the shoes than to have lots of padding. .I've walked lots in cushy trainers, leather dress shoes with leather soles, merrell barefoot trail gloves, insulated winter boots, vibram soled leather boots... It's all about how used to the specific shoe you are. 
All of them..but mostly need supply co, context, norse store, revolve, gilt, ssense, south willard, OAK, and flatspot
but really not any one site. i guess the most often would be uniqlo
Esprit for chinos and OCBDs. Charles Tyrwhitt for dress shirts, ties and shoes. Zalando for miscellaneous. I refuse to buy shorts, suits or coats online though.
I get not buying suits or coats online... but why not shorts?
Guylook
Just curious why shorts?
It's just insanely difficult to guage the correct length above your knees, width around your thighs and whether they will flare out at the bottom. Pants are much easier to shop for in this regard.
Fair enough, I suppose that makes sense. I usually just order extras until I get to free shipping, then return if they don't fit / return the extras..I was going to have to pay for shipping anyways, this way I'm only paying for the return shipping.
Wherever they sell the brand I want for the price I want. I try to avoid buying from outside of the EU where possible due to customs/duties/shipping/returns..Most of my buying is in brick & mortar shops or from the makers themselves online.
I'd say that they'd fit really well into a certain aestheticif you're planning to wear them with an tee/ocbd and jeans I feel like you could probably do better.
I'm a fan.  Wondering where I can find them though.
I absolutely love the cut and look of vintage sneakers.  Nike's, the older models look so much better than the ones kids are running around in today.
Love em! Better that most of the drab stuff on here 
Who cares what mfa thinks of them... If you like them buy them.
You don't think some of these nikes could work with that fit? Imo these are pretty much swappable with nb's 
don't get me wrong, I think they could work. I just think that wearing them for the sake of being different isn't the way to go about it. Maybe it's just me but nbs and these have an off-kilter/retro kind of feel to them that don't mesh very well with boring stuff like that fit.
j.crew is doing nike collabo right now with the waffle racers. they usually have a few montreals as well.
nike.com always has a few retro style nikes in odd colorways.
[deleted]
what makes this more of a sneaker than a waffle racer or a montreal racer
[deleted]
lol
lol 
lol
Don't look for a "consensus". They look nice.
not rly digging the soles or the color of the leather
Both boots look very unappealing, especially the chelsea; the soles look very thick and out of place, as well as the color of the leather. 
yawn
the chelseas look like blundstones
Word of warning, don't buy them because of hype train. I saw them IRL, almost bought them because everyone keeps talking about them, then realized that I find them kind of ugly. You can try to proxy them if they fit your style/you like the look. 
there are better nikes available to u.honestly i dont get why killshots are so popular. nothing about them appeals to me
What are some nikes that would be better?
I personally like them because its a simple design but more "interesting" than like a plain pair of vans. That's just personal preference. I don't think they should be quite so worshipped but they're pretty decent and affordable. 
[deleted]
I just got them (live near the border). I used kinek.com. Cost me $5 + gas money. 
I bought them online.. I don't know if they only recently became unavailable internationally. I called in to jcrew and they didn't have a problem sending them to me when the website said that you had to call to order.
dont know why this was downvoted. i was able to order them over the phone with jcrew and they shipped to my house (nova scotia)
Blazer lows,  bruins,  all court lows
okay, thank you. I'd prefer GATs but I cant find them anywhere and I dont know of any other nice white sneakers that aren't 300$
this guy sells them for $85 shipped anywhere. Canvas Jack Purcells look good in white too, should be around $70. I'd avoid the Purcells in leather, it's really plasticky and cheap looking. 
Killshots are awesome. Obviously this is subjective but they're one of my favorite pairs of sneakers. .White Jack Purcells are pretty sweet too. 
I think they look better IRL then online, but the colourway with the lighter blue swoosh didn't look good when they ran out of the J.Crew ones.
You gotta ship them to someone in the states you know then get them to ship them to you. Or if someone you know is in/going there, ship shoes to their place/hotel whatever and get them to bring them back. It's a pain, but imo its worth it; theyre sweet shoes
janoski, af1s, roshe, frees, flyknit 
Those shoes are great and I like all of them, but they fit a completely different aesthetic than killshots.
eh, you could argue that janoskis and killshots are interchangeable. In certain aesthetics, you can also sub in roshes and frees (the casual college student vibe MFA likes so much, you can do this)
lol
 
The first 2 sentences should be something every newer member or person discovering their style needs to keep in mind.
if they're not available in canada buying used or having somebody proxy for you are really the only ways
You could try a suit bag, but they're quite bulky.
[deleted]
Forgive me if somehow I have Alzheimers...but I don't believe I posted anything yesterday. Thanks for your input though. I'll keep searching.
It could be a lot worse, but for that price you can get some really nice shoes. Nordstrom has a big sale coming up in about a week, and a lot of Allen Edmonds shoes will be around $200.
where's the link?
You can buy these shoes sans tacky logo at Walmart for $20.
ok wheres the link
I think the reason Ecco has a bad reputation on this subreddit is because Ecco shoes are not really fashion-oriented shoes. .I have a pair of Ecco Remotes which I basically wear as a tennis shoe, and they are by far more comfortable than all my dress shoes, and even most of my other tennis shoes. They are also pretty durable, even though they are manufactured with a lot of "synthetic" materials and processes. .So it really depends what you value most. Around here most people will sacrifice comfort, and maybe even durability and value, for looks. .So in the end, if you are trying to look sharp, I agree: don't get those. If you are an old guy and/or want something comfy as hell with good support, Ecco's are great.
Even though I love Ecco for their unrivaled comfort and ability to withstand bad weather, this is certainly not a shoe I would recommend as a formal dress shoe (i.e. with a suit). Probably better suited for leisurely wear and travels where you know you're either going to be walking or standing a lot but you still want to look somewhat representable. The European market does however have the ., which I think hits closer to the mark, but I'll bet you can find several US companies that do cap-toe oxfords way better.
If that is your price range you can do better.  
I can't see any reason that you'd buy these at this price. It's an unspectacular design, for which you could pay a lot less. However, if you're ready to drop $240 on shoes I think you're ready to drop a bit more and actually get something with a more unique style and no gaudy logo.
I hate the shoes too but he can probably find them at DSW for $50. Direct brand websites for brands with little prestige (like Ecco) will often have inflated MSRPs.
This. also, the leather looks cheap. I give anyone 4-5 months in those shoes before the shoes start folding and you have fold lines all over the front
Ignoring the logo (which is enough alone to disqualify these shoes):.The black one's downright ugly. I don't like the chisel toe mixed with the open lacing and extremely casual rear stitching. I don't approve of the puffiness where the upper is joined with its inner lining. The brown looks attractive at a distance, but looking at it for more than a moment makes me see all its flaws..The AE Kenilworth is a similar shoe, but flawlessly designed, for about $50 more, and I'm willing to bet the leather is a step above these  although the leather on these looks a little better than standard Ecco..
I don't even think it's the logo. It's the toe. That toe is pretty nasty looking. For the price, you can get Florsheim or Johnston & Murphy which are usually much better looking and better quality for that price.
The logo, toe and stitching are all bad enough on their own to ignore this shoe, I don't think it matters much which one is worse. .All in all, it just looks like a $50 pair of shoes.
Nothing you're wearing fits you. It all looks very sloppy.
billowing in body, short on arms, shoulder placement questionable, and button up that collar when wearing a tie
Not close to fitting, nor are the trousers. The tie adds nothing here except to increase how sloppy everything works together, sorry to be harsh..I suggest taking a read of the sidebar, particularly the . guide..What is this outfit being worn for? The trousers are very casual, the tie screams "office" but the shirt is more club-like.
So, how would I go about shopping for shirts in the future? Can I get all these measurements at a Tailor and then search for clothes that match? 
Try stuff on and really pay attention. Check that the shoulder seams sit on your natural shoulder bone and not past it like this one does. Check that the chest is not too tight (pulling at buttons) or that there is too much excess fabric. Check that the sleeves fall to the end of your wrist (yours don't make it past the wrist bone) but don't cover your hands. Make sure the collar isn't choking you nor drooping down when done up. Try slim fit shirts - they're cut to taper in at your waist to reduce the excess fabric hanging there. Try different brands and different price ranges, don't buy anything. Compare your photo to others here in the WAYWT threads and other threads. Understand how the shirts relate to your body and what effect that has visually. Here your fit of everything gives the impression of someone down on life rather than expressing youthful energy or professionalism..Getting yourself measured is certainly one way to help you find the right direction, but don't under-estimate the value of experience.
Alright, sounds great. Thanks.
Fit is kind of hard to pin down at first. What helped me is to simply look for fashion everywhere. Keep checking the WAYWT threads, window shop at nice stores, passively rate stranger's outfits (but don't be a dick about it), read the sidebar. Eventually you will come to recognize what shirts flatter your body and match the current trends for slim fitting clothing. As you begin to understand the principles of fit you will be able to build upon your knowledge to experiment with drape and abnormal fits in garments. Mesurements for dress shirts can be taken in shop, and would only really be helpful in suiting and outerwear anyway. Even so, a "proper" size can still fit horribly. Case in point, most dress shirts..Lastly, take nothing personally because you will stumble and wear things that MFA doesn't like or just doesn't work. It was hard for me to separate ego and fashion, but understand that anonymous people on the Internet will only care about your outfit and don't know you as a person. Fashion can be merely a means of self improvement or a fascinating (albeit fairly expensive) hobby; it's your choice to see how far you want to take it. Best of luck..EDIT: Thrift stores are fabulous places to shop; I hit them up all the time. I would just recommend starting with retail because thrift stores are almost always have a bad selection. Thrifting is like treasure hunting. It's hard to hunt while finding your feet simultaneously.
You look like a white kid who threw together his only "professional" clothing for a school dance/court date/Easter service you were dragged to. "Well, better khakis and tie!".Go to any high school event, career day or political campaign full of interns and you will see this sort of thing everywhere. It's clothes sloppily thrown together without real thought because khakis are more "professional" than jeans and blue is a safe color. There is no semblance of "fit" here.
Also, I know my belt is off center, I just didn't feel like taking another picture
Too short in the sleeves, too big in the body. Depending on how much you spent on it I doubt it's worth saving. Would make a good trial shirt if you wanna practice fixing your own shirts, otherwise toss it. 
I have a few size medium shirts and I often find that I have to tuck them in. The back has some extra fabric and it looks untidy and slightly too long when un-tucked. Hope this helps.
Posted this recently - it's a slim fit small.  I'm 5'10"
I'm the same height. How much do you weigh?
145 lbs
I'm the same height, how is the fit in the arms? 
Also curious. Are the sleeves long enough?
Pretty good, better than a lot of other shirts.  Although when not rolled, they do seem a little wide on my forearms.  I have really skinny arms in general though.
Sleeve length is pretty good for me.  I don't have any complaints there.
it really depends on the length of your torso
6ft tall if that helps
unless you got crazy legs, youre almost definitely fine

I'm 6'2 and it looks fine.
Looking forward to them going IPO... Buy, buy, buy. 
Wait seriously? When is this?
but then they'll have to listen to pesky shareholders D:
Uniqlo's parent company, Fast Retailing, is public in Japan.  Over the past year their stock price has climbed 140%..Fast Retailing also owns Theory and Comptoir des Cotonniers..Here's the Fast Retailing ..  I didn't read it too closely, just a brief skim of the Uniqlo section, but it looks like an interesting investment.  There's a lot of growth potential for them.
I wouldn't take any investing advice from Reddit, especially in a company based overseas and in a particularly finicky industry. Lululemon, American Apparel, etc
Jos A Banks has a reputation of being a boxy cut suit. Their suits, but today's standards look a little dated but still thousands of guys go to work in Jos A Banks suits everyday, have great jobs and feel great about the way they look. In terms of quality in relation to pricepoint - i've never heard a complaint. But, know what you're walking into. Their fabrics, tailoring & overall customer service is geared towards a traditionalist client (even their slim fit is a bit boxy, every blazer/suit is padded in the shoulder, 3" ties, cuffs & pleats etc etc)
this may be your style, in which case - enjoy the coupon but don't feel pressured to buy something because of $30. 
and if nothing else - they always have decent "how to be a gentleman" coffee table books or stainless steel collar stays for sale.
goodluck
if you can get something well fitting and for super cheap with that 30 off then go for it but otherwise avoid it

if you're going to get canvas sperrys, get a more neutral color like the taupe, especially if you wear lots of reds and blues like you say. 
Thanks for the heads up, care to elaborate? by 'lots' i dont mean like, head to toe on one colour, I mean more subtle. But most of my garments are more red/blue, than say green or yellow.
in general, unless you're into more streetwear fits (which seems unlikely if you're looking at sperry's) its better to have simpler colors for shoes like browns, white, grey, and (in some styles) black. these colors are the most versatile since they can go with the largest amount of colors (white works with just about any pant color except with white, etc.)..if you're already wearing salmon shorts for example, you dont want red shoes since the colors will be kind of overwhelming. this is just what ive learned from experience and from lurking on this sub, so i dont claim to be an expert.
Aaah good point, I am really into streetwear (I longboard) but sometimes I dabble in smart casual either at a party or something generally smarter. Dress to reflect my mood, so to speak. I currently have a pair of Supra Skytop IIIs which are bright red (white sole) which I love, some boots , which don't have a brand (which i can find) ., and some vans originals canvas blue. .I really love the light tan collab sperrys but I can't find them in the UK. I really love sperrys vibrant and bold collection, but I feel that I'd only be able to wear them with certain items of clothing (like their grey/lime grey/yellow ones). They're so sick, but would be awkward to pair with.
yea thats the thing with bright colors is that they can look gr8 in certain outfits but there are a lot more things they dont work with than ones they do work with
Thats too red for my eyes.

I LOVE SPREADSHEETS AND JUST STARTED MY OWN YESTERDAY HOW DID YOU KNOW??????  ::so excited::
I've considered doing this (primarily to keep track of the multiple measurements of sport coats for ease of finding new ones that fit well) and can easily see it getting far more complex than a spreadsheet allows. I can already see some difficulty in recording your fits with this -- having a relational database would probably speed things up a lot, but of course we're not all (probably most of us aren't!) in a position to build a custom database and GUI for our clothing-tracking needs!.I actually . considered using my company's maintenance tracking software to keep my shoe polishing regimen more organized, though..ETA: Another useful thing would I think be a season column. I'm sure most of us have plenty that's worn all year, but if you're tracking wears and you see something that's gone unused for six months, it could be useful to have that reminder that the reason is because it's been too hot/cold for it.
I do this less for the wardrobe analysis and more generally as a means to track all of my non-consumable purchases.  I'm trying to move towards having less but better stuff, and the easiest way to visualize this was to put it on Google Drive (plus, I wanted to have this for insurance purposes anyway -- so I keep all of my hard-copy receipts as well). . of the clothing section of my home inventory.  It's pretty self explanatory; I don't own a lot of clothing generally, so it hasn't been difficult to put together at all..I'm still toying with the final column.  Right now for clothing it's the cost of the item + the cost of any alterations I've had done, though I'm not sure if I should mess around with trying to calculate depreciation for big-ticket items or not.
Here's . I made about a week and a half ago to keep track of all my clothes. .I'm just starting to really curate my wardrobe, and the biggest thing I realized while making this spreadsheet was just how many of my clothes I feel absolutely apathetic toward. I'm going to try to upgrade and replace items slowly and thoughtfully..So on the first sheet, I have the usual columns for category, brand, description. But I also asked myself, "Am I happy with this piece of clothing?" and then forced myself to articulate why. I found that that allowed me to make decisions about whether I really want whatever shirt/shorts/shoes in my closet. Usually when I start to clean, I get stalled because it's just easier to leave everything in my closet. .You may notice that about 14 of the items say to get rid of them- that's because I've been too lazy to gather them and go to goodwill. Once I do that I'll delete them off the sheet. .Second sheet is a pivot chart I did just for fun, showing totals in each category vs my happiness with the item. I'm not sure how useful the chart is, but I think it's interesting so I'm leaving it there for now..Third sheet is a wishlist. Again, I made myself articulate why I want any particular item. I'm trying to force myself to be more conscious about my clothing decisions..And the fourth sheet is for keeping track of my French Wardrobe. I haven't started yet, but I think I'm going to in the fall..Another sheet I'm thinking about adding would be like an "ideal numbers" sheet. Showing that, for example, in my ideal wardrobe I'd own 4 cardigans, etc. I'm not sure if I'm actually going to do that, though.. In my opinion, the most useful piece of information in my spreadsheet is forcing myself to articulate . I do or don't like my clothes.
I was a little worried about how many Mehs I saw, but then I kept scrolling and realized there were items in your wardrobe you liked (yay!)
Also, do you really have a shirt that says 'did somebody say vagina'?  If so, that's awesome
I had them sorted by happiness, I think..I actually have like 3 vagina shirts, all from doing The Vagina Monologues in college. I've gotten some weird looks from wearing them in public.
Ahh~ this is interesting. It's always fascinating for me to see what people specify when they're looking for an item. Sometimes it's just brand/colour, but often people will get really specific with certain aesthetic details or wearability requirements. You have the little "plus if" and "major plus if" things denoting what details you'd prefer, which I think is a cool idea to note down.
[deleted]
Get a sense for how I'm spending my money. For example, my current jeans are something like $0.25/wear. For an item that I wear virtually every day, that's next to nothing - I could be buying jeans that cost 3 or 4 times as much and if I wore them like I wear the ones I have, they still would be on the far more affordable end of my list. It's a good way to see really quickly whether a new item I've bought has found a place in my wardrobe, or if maybe I'm better off selling it quickly because it's not working its way down the list. 
I tally wears when I try out a new piece in my wardrobe. Sometimes, especially with shoes, I'll buy a cheap version, tally wears, and buy the high end version if I hit 50 wears in a year. Not right for everyone but helpful for me. 
Not ., but I've seen a lot of people use it as a metric to determine what's worth spending serious money on. Kind of a quantitative way to find value in a garmentwhat's the difference between a $100 pair of shoes and a $300 pair of shoes? Is it more frugal in the long run to spend on the $300 pair?.I think it helps sometimes in reminding you that it's not just about getting what's cheap ., but what is cheap for your lifestyle in the long run.
This is a great idea, and is actually probably the most compelling . reason for organizing things like this. Your spreadsheet is really cool. It's interesting to see how much more financially-oriented yours isand how much of your clothing is second-hand (the 'New?' column is cool)..I know you've been talking about being a more careful consumer and being aware of the impact of our materialism on the world/the environment/whatnot and trying to buy consciously and ethicallyso it's interesting that's reflected in how you track purchases too. 
I just like seeing how much money I threw at clothes
Nice! Was this an overall "my ideal wardrobe" list that you're slowly working towards? Pretty cool to see it all laid out, and it's probably satisfying (from a wardrobe-development perspective) to see you slowly get your goal items and move closer to an ideal wardrobe/ideal style of dress. And seeing in raw numbers the distance between what you already own and what you'd like to own
tl;dr?
i find that i get a lot more use and am happier about clothing i buy once i organized my wardrobe in a way that helped me learn more about what i already wear. also, if you like tracking music you listen to, movies you watch, etc., tracking clothing you wear can be just as rewarding.
I already sorta do this with a spreadsheet of my future purchases.  At the top though I have added the cost just to help my overall budget and if it's too expensive for my pre set budget where I should cut costs
I love this one and might adopt your categories. 
Spreadsheets are super useful.  I did one a while back to help you analyse what is currently in your wardrobe and see what your biggest 'mistakes' are - e.g. Buying things which are too small, or not wearing nice things because you are 'saving' them..I think it could easily be incorporated into yours.
Oh, thanks for bringing this up! I couldn't find that thread, but I remember it wellit was really cool that you started a discussion on it, and I really enjoyed seeing your spreadsheet and how you decided to organize your thoughts on clothing.
The season stuff is great - while I track wears/$, I've wanted to create some way to account for seasonal items that gives me a better sense - I'm also starting to think about different ways of displaying some of this information that might prove more useful.
Yeah - I really think there's a hole out there for someone do to a great, intuitive wardrobe tracking database. The only ones I've seen have been mobile centric, and I don't want to spend a day taking out and photographing everything I own for the low-level functionality they offer. I feel like what I do now is good for casual wear, but I would want more detail for business wear - especially in terms of keeping track of my measurements, when I'd last sent things into the cleaners, etc. Sadly my lack of programming skills will prevent me from being the innovator in that field, even with the ideas I have..Shoe maintenance is a great one - I just use my calendar to remind me when my boots need treatment.
What exactly would you want in such an program?
Would you like me to write you a spec? I am not joking.
No guarantees but I need . to occupy my free time.
I would be willing to give . money if d.so did it.
Too bad it's all web. I probably could (help) write back end in C++ or something if someone could do UI. 
Hi, I'm a little busy right now but will give this all a read tomorrow..Possibly related, I built . a while ago to track clothing+fit versus your actual measurements. But haven't put much effort behind it lately.
Rad! What we're talking about is a lot more extensive than what sizegui.de does (though that's definitely useful) so I absolutely couldn't fault you for not taking it on. But there's definitely cool stuff that could be done if you have the time for it!
Might take me a couple of days but I'll see what I can do.
If he doesn't build it, I could probably find time.  Shouldn't take more than a day or two for an MVP.  Send me the spec if u/rjdbeeman loses interest.
I will keep you in mind.
hey
If you're willing to work with someone I probably could use the help, particularly UI. 
I'd build this with something like angularjs or ember.js.  Ever build a back end for single page javascript app?
Not anything like that, I'm still in college so most of my work is for class. 

Please keep me in the loop about this if it goes forward.
You bet your ass we'll be shouting from the rooftops about it if we get anything useful done.

use a spreadsheet to organize shit you want
At first this seemed incredibly anal retentive, but then I realized it's just the wardrobe equivalent of a wine diary or a recipe folder. Good post.
At least now I'll have something to do next time I take adderall
Excel and Adderal mix so well together..EDIT: I stayed up all night once freshman year of college and scheduled every detail of my double major so I could graduate early. Pretty much was voided a week later when I actually had to schedule classes for the next semester.
This is a great discussion and your writeup was extremely thoughtfulthanks so much! I thought I'd share my personal spreadsheet that I useI made some different decisions in setting mine up, so it's cool to see how we've differed in organizational strategy. Yours is definitely more sortable and I do really like the MSRP/price/PPW columns for greater financial analysis of how you spend on clothing... (Feel free to steal formatting and what have you.) Some technical notes on how I've set it up...I could definitely see Pinterest being used to just collect images of items in your wardrobe so you can have it all laid out to you.. or other ideas you've given me for organizing/tracking purchases and clothing
How did you color code the cells?  I stole your spread sheet and plan on making it fit for me, but don't know how to work Excell :P
You can use conditional color in gdocs, or set up conditional coloring in Excel - I label the colors in each cell, which colors them and then allows me sort by color too.
One of the things I really love about the way you've organized your items is that it makes your wardrobe feel like a cohesive entity. My organization really is still a collection of items..I think I'd love to play around with something like your 30 days/30 items before I go on my next spending spree, because right now while I know I have wholes I want to fill (some kind of olive chino/cargo, lightwash denim, non-oxford f/w shirts) I still feel like the vast majority of the time when I'm shopping online I'll see something and say "Oh this is awesome, and is a great deal... and I have no idea how useful I would actually find it" - I'm also invariably less excited about those purchases in the long run and they end up getting less use.
See, I need to pay people like you to plan this stuff. I have a spreadsheet, but it's not nearly that sophisticated.
If only I could get paid to manage MFAer's wardrobes. If my Life Plans A, B, C, and D don't work out maybe I'll see if I can become a personal shopper/general organizer of things for people. =P.But I'd love to see your spreadsheet anyway! Even if it's much simpler I think it's cool to see a range of how people organize their wardrobes. Some people downthread have fairly simple cop list spreadsheets that I think are still really effective at organizing and planning.
Always good to have backups.
I can't even be bothered with spreadsheets. Come catalog my wardrobe for money!!!
Do you have a link or an explanation to what a "capsule wardrobe" is? I read all the french wardrobe posts a while ago when FFA brought it up but haven't heard of the capsule wardrobe. 
thanks!
This is . nerdy! Love it..I sometimes keep notepad files of stuff I need/want and then forget about it.
I do that too. It's real weird running into them 3 or 4 months later, in a different season.
So once I have my spreadsheet...how can I work on paring down my wardrobe and making it look exactly how I want it to be?
Oh god. That's such a long and involved topic! Not to pass off your question, but I think this is something that you should definitely post as a discussion either to MFA or FFA. I have a lot to say but I'm also about to rush off to lunch now. =P
Will do! Thanks!
Glad to see you contributing to MFA frequently. Your posts were always the best when I used to browse FFA..Edit for sidenote: Your wardrobe is worth $2,529.33!
Oh, that is so sweet of you to say. Thank you. I'd really like to start coming around MFA morethere's still a lot I'd like to learn from the community here!.Alsoit appears I've finally passed over the event horizon where my wardrobe is worth more than my camera gear. But I think it's still worth less than my laptop + hardware upgrades + OS upgrades + software.Something tells me that will change in the future. Damn it, Reddit fashion.
Holy shit. I buy clothes and put them on the floor....Beyond impressed. 
Mine are on the bed, is that better?
That's at a higher elevation than a floor, so I guess you're a little more . now.
I'm sitting here with all three of my newest purchases just strewn about on the floor. maybe I can blame it on excitement.
deets
wait 4 wednesday
u teeze
fuck now i have to post my saved fit on friday...

I only just now realized you are a girl.
Honestly thought he may have just been a really small guy, no idea why I didn't think to associate this person to another gender.
It was the bras section that tipped me off.
Well, at least . don't faze you. Because that was also a section, you know. ;P
I considered that might be a cross dressing guy, but you called shirts "tops" and that was the confirmation that I needed that you're a lady.
Unfortunately I didn't see that section, but that should've tipped me off lol.
Plain, white pocket square is always a good option. Personally I'd go for a one, combining two or three of inlcuded colours - just stand in front of the mirror and try on as much pockets squares as you can :)
Other than his green, for light gray what would you guys pick for a tie (solid)?
Most people tend to match their pocket square with their date's dress. Although you did not specify if you had one :/.Otherwise, white is a very safe choice; presidential fold. Any other solid color that you would see as fitting would also work, seeing as you most likely have a tie that is much too loud and out of place with the rest of your outfit as a whole.
yes, given this circumstance I think you might want to try to get a square that is, like this guy said, white and do a presidential (tv) fold, or a darker complimentary color that would tone down the fit a bit..I know it's prom and you're not really concerned about following all the technicalities of suiting, so whatever you end up with just make sure you have a good time and stay safe and out of trouble. Cheers
I really don't like the shape of the toe on that at all, and they look more combat boot than workwear. If I were in that price range, I'd probably look at those Alden cordovan captoes which look much better in my mind. 
Love those, but they seem to be sold out of my size in the US.
Presumably because they cost twice as much as the first three and about $100 more than the Aldens. I'm sure they're good if you like the style and want to throw down the cash..Also a lot of people on here go for a more work-boot-y than military style boot. I think those look nice but I mostly wear shoes in shades of brown. I have been looking for a pair of black boots for next year but I'm still a little financially restricted.
Agreed. I've never been too into the curved toes. 
It'd be better if they showed the boot being worn, because the curved toes look very extreme when empty. With a foot in the shoe though, most of those supposedly weird styles don't look unusual at all.
Thanks!. Those come in brown, though.I wasn't particularly interested in buying those, just curious why people never mention John Varvatos. I think they look pretty robust.
There are literally hundreds of shoe makes who produce a quality boot at that price point. A lot of it comes down to silhouette, tradition, materials, and character of the shoe. Those boots look like a clown in high heels trying to join the military. A lot of boots recommended here fit into more of a workwear/heritage feel, thinking back to the people that built this country, from farmers in the dust bowl to iron workers in new york. The reason these brands are suggested is that they have a tradition of excellence in materials and construction and a dedication to authenticity. They are naturally going to be more utilitarian, as boots are meant to provide protection and support for the foot and ankle. If you're looking for a more refined look, check out something like the alden wing tip boot in burnished calf.
I see your point. I personally don't like the traditional workwear look. They may be comfortable, and "durable", but you might as well be wearing $80 boots, they look the same..Looking for more style, but keeping some decent quality, with aprox $150 cost per year. The "Alden wing tip with burnished calf" sounds like something I may like. Could you point me in the right direction?.Thank you!
this displays a blatant ignorance of footwear design, history, materials, craftsmanship, silhouette, and shoe style in general. Its one thing to simply not like a style of shoe. I think most of the RAF high tops looks absolutely absurd, but I appreciate the artist Raf Simons, and how his designs have developed and changed fashion. Its entirely another to say 'you might as well wear. instead of .'..Can you honestly not see a massive difference between . and .? . is the alden boot I referenced. 
I think you're exaggerating in those comparisons. There are boots out there for $100-$150 with similar looks and not considerably worse in quality than the 1K..Now, Alden Indy 403 or 405 on the other hand, that's a boot. In terms of style and durability, only boot you need to know about.
They look like clown shoes. 
but, the wolverine 1000, and pretty much all the Red Wing look like farmer/industrial worker shoes to me.
precisely. 
But, farmer/industrial worker = clown ..... just kidding
Check the sidebar under the "Personal Care & Grooming" section.
Buzzcut. .Or fade on side, and scissor top. 
I'd like to know how you ruined said jeans. From my personal experience, even the cheapest of the cheap clothes rarely become so torn apart to the point of being unwearable, and usually dissatisfaction of style/fit is the typical reason why I replace clothes.
[deleted]
Insecure as fuck.
There is a list of brands that are commonly recommended here in the sidebar. .There's no one-size fits all answer. Different brands offer different cuts and different fabrics. Depending on your body type and usage they may not work out for you. This also heavily depends on your budget, if you're willing to spend $200 on a pair of jeans as compared to $100, your options become much more varied. .Your question would be better asked for more specific items with a specified budget. A broad question like this is very difficult to even address as there's too much to consider.
Thank you for the constructive response.
Sidebar.
I've read over the articles in the sidebar, there were none addressing this topic adequately. In fact, the 'brands:caution' describes Zara as a 'solid quality' option, something I stated in my question that I found not to be the case.

Outlier looks like good stuff. Thank you!
 recent thread in . has some good suggestions in it. 
Ralph Lauren, Brooks Brothers, J. Crew. 
I wore holes in the crotch. First time that's every happened to a pair of jeans (for me).
The sidebar isn't the catch all answer some people here seem to think it is.
Sunspel
uh white shirts can work, grey slacks, khaki and probably navy chinos
What do you mean? Grey matches with a lot of colours.
For shirts but not for coats apparently. A lot of sport coat privilege if you do some searching. I was surprised too. 
Grey herringbone jacket + light shirt + indigo or navy pants. Works well, fuck the haters.
It is because gray pants are very common and and a staple as well
I wore it as my school uniform. Sorta ruined it for me
I can't think of a single shirt colour you can't wear with grey. It's just as versatile as navy if not more so.
The issue is gray pants are so common for dressing and gray on gray is very hard to pull off.So you stuck with less common pant colors with a gray sportcoat.  
Well gray on gray is a ., no? What's hard about that? If you're only wearing the blazer I'd go lighter pants. Either ., . or .. Also . looks great too.
Thanks this really helps. I think mine is most like 
Except we aren't talking about grey suiting, we are discussing sports jackets where it is necessary to develop some contrast between upper and lower half..Unfortunately you ignore the fact that none of the suggestions you made actually look particularly good. The only colour combination which looks OK is the final one, where the jacket looks almost light blue, which says an awful lot about trying to match grey jackets.
I didn't ignore anything. I posted them because they are all excellent examples of contrast, and great colour combinations.
Subjective, I, and I'm sure many others do not find those outfits particularly attractive. .There are almost always better options than a grey jacket. The exception, in my opinion, is grey tweed which I am quite partial to. 
Sure. Millions of people find Ed Hardy shirts very stylish too. I'm not sure we want to debate whether good taste is truly subjective or objective. I'm not arguing the . are attractive, but that the colour combinations ...Not really sure what "better" means. More flattering? Sure. That's neither here nor there though. I'm saying I don't think it's difficult to combine colours with grey. If you feel grey is less attractive than other basic colours (like navy) I agree, but that's not really relevant to the difficulty in matching colours with grey.
I'm sorry but if you are unwilling to discuss how colours work . we have met a wall. There are tons of colour combinations that work in web or interior design that don't work in clothing. .Read Syeknom's discussion of how grey jackets affect an outfit and you might understand that it is more important than finding colour combinations that work. They have to work in the context of an outfit. 
When I say they work, I mean they work in the outfits obviously. It's implied because we're discussing outfits, not interior design. By saying I was focusing on the colours rather than the outfits I was responding to your generic statement that they "don't look particularly good", which may refer to the fact that you don't like braided belts, or the cut of the blazer, or the pattern of the blazer, or any number of things, and referring solely to the colour combinations of the outfits..I read his comments, along with every comment in the thread, I simply find they overcomplicate a simple issue. I don't see any problem with a .Don't know why the condescension is necessary..Edit: Syeknom also states that white shirts don't work very well with grey blazers, despite being a . and a classic combination.
In the context of an outfit, none of the outfits you posted looked good, sorry. They were colour schemes which may work outside of clothing but because of the way colours draw the eye, have to interact and contrast each other they don't work in this context. This was my point about interior design. You seem to think that because (for example) grey and white work together in certain circumstances that they are appropriate for men's clothing. Not necessarily. .Syeknom goes into more detail in his guide on matching jackets and trousers. Spells out, in a straightforward manner, why grey jackets are hard (but not impossible) to pull off and why when wearing a jacket it is generally preferable to have a darker top half. The fact that your example picture is not a full body shot shows that you are not understanding the importance of colour in proportions..Are you having comprehension difficulties? Syeknom clearly said.The issue he had was with white dress shirts, which really shouldn't be worn with an odd jacket.. is a great discussion on why this is the case and how one should wear a white shirt..You ask why I am being condescending. It is not intentional but you seem to be unwilling to take on advice of people like Syeknom, whom you have called out on points he is 100% right on, often misunderstanding his argument in the process. You are missing the vital point repeatedly. While grey is possibly one of the easiest colours to match . a grey jacket is not as versatile as you might imagine. Doesn't mean they are all bad but a lot are. 
Navy is apparently horrible and should not be worn with grey coats. Yeah.. Didn't know either 
This pic is from the "How to Build Outfits That Work" link in the sidebar.  Navy chinos with gray coat.  Does it look ok?  It seems pleasing to my eyes but now I wonder...
Looks fine to me.  Don't take advice and accept it always i.e. "Navy is apparently horrible and should not be worn with grey coats".  Try it first, decide if you think it looks good, and then make a decision.  Don't let MFA make the decision for you.
this is way overstated. It 
In fact I want to get a herringbone jacket that color.What is that jacket?

looks good but the filter compliments it im sure
I think a solid gray might not look as good.  I agree I would wear that and that looks great to me
It looks like Syeknom got pants covered, so here's some shirt advice: white is fine, but shirts on the off-white/cream/ecru/tan spectrum look . with a grey jacket.
Thanks. No tan shirts except for a beer shirt unfortunately. How about chambray? Might be a bit jarring..
Blue and grey is fine too. Chambray would depend on the texture of the jacket, though.
Ok I shall try
It's true that grey is not nearly as versatile or easy to pair as navy when it comes to lone jackets. Light colours in general can be difficult because whilst a dark top-half and light trousers is pleasing the reverse can be visually shortening, drawing the eye downwards rather than up and can throw the outfit off balance..That said lots of people wear light grey sports jackets frequently and there's no fundamental problem to them..To me they pair well with darker grey, khaki or cream/white trousers. See the . for more information and examples..For shirts you can wear white ocdbs or light blue/pink ocdbs/dress shirts easily. Gingham or tattersall are also a nice choices. Nothing dark, no stripes and white dress shirts won't work as well as one might hope.
Thanks. I have jeans, wine, navy and brown pants. Looks like I'll have to add another pair. How do you feel about a v neck or scoop new tshirt for a casual jacket? Not the herring bone obviously. .Do I tuck ocbds in? I've only ever worn them in spring with shorts and boat shoes. .Danke
Bitte schn.You can pair it with jeans easily (I don't . enjoy jeans and sports jackets but loads of people love it). And whether or not it'll work with your existing trousers depends on the details - the specific colour (the less saturated the better it'll work, I reckon), patterning, design, fabric, etc of both the jackets and the trousers. Can post pictures if you like..T-shirts can look good under jackets if the jacket is very casual - unstructured shoulders, rugged material, patch pockets, that sort of thing. Again it all depends on the specificities of the item!.OCBDs, like any shirt, should be tucked in if they have a long hem but not if they have a short one. A jacket usually demands a tucked in shirt in the majority of cases, even if we're talking very casual shirting..Hope this helps
Helps a lot thank you. The non herringbone is very unstructured, which the navy patches on the elbow and pockets. I think it can work with more than a more traditional jacket. Thankfully the herringbone is. Tad darker so it might be more palatable with more pairs of pants 
i wear my jordan slides whenever i can. it's terrible, i know.
Crocs. I wear them as slippers at home. 
15lbs. Pair of fake wayfarers somebody painted with gold automotive paint that a friend gave me.
My typical lounge around outfit is basketball shorts and an old road race t-shirt. Super comfortable but pretty ugly, although the t-shirt actually fits pretty well.
do you find them comfortable? they feel so weird to me
I'll do double denim a lot - a washed jacket with dark jeans, or a faded denim shirt with those same dark jeans (some cheap Levi's 511s that have a medium blue weft and a resin to keep the stacks up - bought them on eBay, no clue where they were originally from)..Also, loafers, which even though they've been repped here, the top comments still usually say "old man shoe."
I got used to them. I'm guessing it's the little raised dot pattern on the "insole"?
it's the material. when i was like 8 i had a pair and the material feel like a weird, dry blend of rubber and cardboard and also it felt super flimsy.
Definitely my prescription glasses. My Silhouette frames are about three to four years old since my prescription hasn't changed (yay). .Unless somebody would like to tell me otherwise. Because I can't do contacts, or laser, and my Vogue frames are an absolute no no.  
I mean it really depends on who's defining fashionable.
True, but it's hard to convince anyone that . are fashionable.
Psh, I wear those when I go shooting and I look fabulous
Yeah man!  I knew someone else was all about the Solar Shields.  I wear mine everywhere.
The 70s were a weird time, man...
"is there any cars that look like and can go as fast as a ferarri but for 600$"
Well, OP was more asking if there are any Ferrari knockoffs that look the same, without the great engine.
I asked about fit, not quality or construction 
linen as a material is a spring/summer cloth. its very visibly identifiable and a linen blazer in the dead of winter will look very out of place. it is also prone to winkling and will never truly look "pressed" as the fibers making up the material do not have the ability to strongly hold shape..i'd go with something made of cotton - which you could potentially wear year round (with proper layering) and although often cotton blazers air on the casual side - will still somewhat hold a shape for a slightly more formal look.
I was looking at Uniqlo's blazers and ended up getting a cream one from H&M instead. As a summer jacket I love it. I will not touch it from September-March though..In my experience the 'wrinkled' thing isn't a disheveled wrinkle, but it is notable. If you're unsure what it means, go to the local mall/macy's/H&M/wherever and look at any linen garments they may have. For my blazer it's most notable in the arms - they look almost as though the sleeves were pushed up for a couple hours and then let loose  not a bad look, but just something to be aware of..You can iron linen, but put some cloth in between the iron and the linen or it'll come out shiny. I haven't tried this, but I trust my sources.
Linen in the fall/winter is like a stripper in church: not necessarily wrong, but definitely looks out of place. Wear at your own risk, my friend.
Not my thing but boat shoes are casual as it is and the price is cheap enough that they could be something nice to wear every so often.  If they're going to be you're only loafer though, get something else.
peanut butter on pizza
big mistake
You can get good Sebago or Sperrys plus a pair of Soludos for the same price. That'd be a better way to go, imo..If you're not sure about it yourself, odds are it'd be a bad idea to get them.
Just getting into the idea of boat shoes, but to my (untrained?) eye these look pretty cool, interesting stitching too. 
yes
Imo, stick with boat shoes, or espadrilles. I never liked hybrid shoes. 
Yeah they look off with that sole
I wear my black/mint janoskis every day. They might be my favorite pair of shoes I've ever owned. They're worn to shit now, but when they were clean I got insane amounts of compliments on them
grey
consensus here will probably say gray; but if you do decide to get the black, get them in store because the mint on black are a stock/default color scheme that's sold in most skating stores. so you don't have to pay for shipping..and IMHO, i like black.
I think gray would look better.
I like the black too. My local skateshop has the gray/mint, but not the black/mint :\
Also those ones at CCS are on sale anyway
gray
oh damn, .everyone here is gonna say "gray matches with more things".but the mint really pops on the black, i have them and love em
I also really like those leather laces. How do they fit? I wear an 8 in boat shoes, and generally a 8.5-9 in other shoes. It varies a lot. 
I like the black ones. I wear the similar sizes, and I went TTS (8.5). They are on the narrower side. 
narrower than vans?
In my opinion, yes. I wear size 8-8.5 Vans, and my 8.5 Janoski's fit more narrower. Narrow, and on the longer side.
You could go to a tailor and get the seat slimmed, but it sounds like you just should go slimmer. In general slimmer pants will have slimmer seats. Try Levi 510's for jeans or uniqlo skinny tapered.
I'm liking Levi 514s lately.  Slim but not skinny and with a lowish rise so there isn't as much extra fabric in the seat.
The 514 would probably still look pretty baggy on him. 
Thanks, I'll try them on. I have 511s but I've always had problems with Levi's having an extra saggy butt
The slimmer I go, then I'm wearing "skinny" jeans. Can't find anything in between. I don't want to look like Justin Beiber!
if youre not confident enough in your sexuality to wear . tight jeans, then go back to looking like you shit yourself
That's true but you aren't going to look like Bieber (I actually don't know what he wears but I'm going to assume you mean skin-tight) in 510's, especially if like you're saying the leg opening is too big on jeans labeled slim like the j.crew 484's. . is a pic of me in 510's. If that's too slim for you then I understand, but you're probably going to have to look into getting your seat tailored; I can't think of any jeans that specifically have a very slim seat but a not very slim body. Maybe someone else can chime in. .I hear that the uniqlo skinny tapered are a little less slim than 510's so I think in general you should be looking for slimmer jeans, there's probably a happy medium for you.  
what jacket are you wearing in that picture (unrelated yes, but im digging the shit out of it)

Thanks! I need to try on a pair of uniqlos
I wear skinny jeans.. I'd just rather not wear super skin skin tight like I did 10 years ago..because that just looks awful now..Edit: Also, the skinny jeans make the ass look like I'm wearing an upside down long sleeve shirt..ala bieber.
Those pants you're referring to what Bieber wears are called ., I promise no one wants to suggest jeans that would make your problem worse, rather than better! haha. 
Yeah! Wtf, does anyone in their right mind think they look good? Ha
I have a pair of levis 513 chinos and they're ridiculously thick. I find them hard to move in and uncomfortable. I can't really speak for uniqlo because I've never really tried their chinos. Honestly if you're looking for chinos get a pair of dockers alphas or something.
Honestly, they look like skate shoes. Only wear them if you are a rebelling teen.
They look cheap, and I have a feeling they wouldn't feel to good after a long day on your feet.
no personal experience but they look cheap on top of having a really unpleasing design
I'm wearing a pair of Eliot Premiums every day. I think they look great and the quality seems decent, so I can't complain.
However, I had the same problem as some other posters, being that they cut into the back of your ankle, which is pretty uncomfortable but goes away after some time.
FYI they run a little small.
I have a pair and I love them, but the sole came unglued fairly quickly at the front. Not sure if it's the way I walk, but I never had that issue with other shoes..Also, they held up pretty well otherwise. Washed twice in the washing machine, but the last time I washed them I threw in some bleach and .. Oops. So I had the brilliant idea that I would colour it in with a black magic marker that I had, . except I ran out of marker after the first shoe. .Anyways that's my tangential story about my MacBeths.
FYI - you can use baking soda if you want to shine the soles. If you're into that stuff..Would you like me to ship you a black fabric pen?
Thanks for the tip, and the offer. Unfortunately, I am in Canada, so it would require more than the pen is worth to ship, I think?
Probably... I dunno. Fabric pens can be pretty cheap - I think I got a black one for about 2, 1.5 usd.
Never had a pair, but I liked the look and always wanted to get a pair just because I love Tom Delonge 
Yeah, I bought my first pair because of Anthony Green.
These are two shoes im considering getting:
.
.6PM.com also has them on sale:
.

Wore a pair of Elliots for 5 years or so, they held up well.
I have a few pairs.  Most of them are similar to the Adams line.  They are pretty comfortable, but one pair broke on the back by my Achilles.  I also have 2 pairs of their skate shoes, but those things hurt my Achilles like a mofo.  The skate shoes have a stiff back and it's not padded, so it is constantly rubbing on the back of my ankle.  They are hit or miss for me.  I have to try them on and make sure nothing is rubbing on my foot that will bug me in the future
Some of their shoes look okay, all of them look cheap. Nothing I'd want to spend any money on. Granted, I'm not a sneaker guy at all.
I own three pairs: The winstons (discontinued leather shoes), The Langleys (canvas) and the Caulfields (sued-ish)
One of the reasons I bought them is because the brand is barely known where I live and I like what they stand for. .Quality wise they are alright shoes. The langleys are made very well and are made of like hard canvas instead of the softer canvas used in Chucks. One problem I had though was that they cut into the back of my ancle, but after using them with a bandaid for a while the problem then faded away. .The Caulfields are also nice quality shoes and despite the really thin sole they're extremly comfortable. However the laces are leather and break super easily, I went through two sets of laces just during the first month. Luckily Macbeth has really good customer service and sent me new laces each time without any other questions asked (also, free stickers).The Winstons I barely wore since I bought them when I was in a skater shoe fase which went away quickly. .Tl;DR They make nice shoes and are worth checking out. Also; good customer service.
I had a pair of them once and liked them. I wasn't sure if I should resort back to a pair because I don't know what shoes to get in the price range, and I never see them around my campus, plus, I always have thought vegan shoes are an awesome idea. 
I don't know why, but your stickers tidbit made me laugh.
Tom Delong approved
6PM.com has a lot of Macbeth shoes on sale. Would anyone recommend ordering from them?
not a really big fan of the aesthetic, talking about the M on the side. if you want branding, Nike, Adidas or Asics all have better designs. no idea about the quality. vegan stuff is a plus.
Ssssshhhh! The Scottish shoes!
I hear it's hard to get out the damned spots on them.
Also I had a pair once but pretty quickly they unseam'd from the nave to the chops.
Is this a shoe I see before me,.The heel toward my hand? Come, let me clutch thee..I have thee not, and yet I read about thee still upon Reddit.
I dare don all that may become a man;.Who dares don more, is none.
Why are Outlier's . more expensive than their .?
In regards to suits, how slim is 'too slim?' I had a very very knowledgeable friend tell me to go slim because of my build, but not 'too slim' in buying a suit because the slim fit look may go out of fashion soon. Any tips?
There's a cool flea market near my house (actually several) and I enjoy going there to look at all the old clothes. Today I found two Brooks Brothers shirts for $20. I hope they turn out alright. They fit really well, but who knows?
Bought my first light blue ocbd, $20 from Target's surprisingly nice Merona brand. Loving it.
I just saw the Eagles tonight! So good for being old as fuck. 
I accidentally dropped off my AIRism tees with the laundry. Now they're going to get dried. What happens?
I found a Gitman shirt at Value Village in my size for $12..Probably the best find (money-wise) that I've ever got thrifting. Whattarush. Also, I found an XS black Levis Trucker . for $10. what the fuck. This store is fucking unreal.

What kind of styling gels are you guys using, I just got a recent haircut that requires me to style my hair, and i feel like I just have to keep trying them until I find one I like. 


I'm a little late but can someone tell me, is it chipotle or chipolte? Subway says one but this bottle of salad dressing says something else. Is there a difference? I'm so lost.

Who's watching Wimbledon?
The crowd was being super annoying during the last game
I always hate .partial crowds in tennis.

COME ON ANDDYY!!!.EDIT: ANNNNDDDDYYYYY WOOOOOOO!!!!!
I really want at least 4 sets though..Edit: Oh well

You mean partial? 
Yeah, my bad
just tuned in to see the end
felt kinda bad watching lisicki just crumble on the court
Found out my brother already has a 3DS; went and bought the last Animal Crossing New Leaf in stock in the only game store in the neighborhood..Levis Commuter Jacket came in - besides the sleeves (which are meant to be like that...?), everything fits real well. Kinda wish I could wear it out in this heat, right now.Another interview Monday

play new leaf w/ me pls

Turns out a girl I've had a crush on all throughout high school has felt the same way for years and I didn't even know it.  We're dating now but I'm going away to college next year and she'll be in hs so I don't know how this is going to turn out.  It feels awesome finally being with her but at the same time I don't think I should be tied down to anyone at home during college.  Not sure what the right thing to do is right now.
Same situation happened with me a couple years ago when I went to college. Break it off at the end of summer, enjoy time with her. You'll feel a lot better heading off to university if you aren't, in a sense, "leaving anything behind."
I'm in the same situation dude. At this point I think it's smarter to just leave her (as painful as that sounds) and go about your life/have fun in college without worrying about a girl back home. You'll always be able to see her during breaks and over summer. It took me a while to realize it, but high school really is too early to be finding the girl of your dreams. My girlfriend and I are gonna be entering college the same year (i graduated in may but I'm taking a gap year) and we decided to reconnect after college and see how things go from there. Leaving all your emotions with somebody that's hundreds of miles away just doesn't seem like a good idea at this point. I hope everything works out for you! 
Grats guy. My best advice is to just enjoy it while you got it. Don't look too far down the road on this one. Just keep dating her for now. If you are still together when you head to collage, but its too far and you never see each other then split up. I mean you have the girl now. Why waste time thinking about a future where you might not have her?
Went on a 30 mile bike ride down this gorgeous bike path Friday because I was bored. .Chronic swamp ass is just part of life that I'm used to now..I accidentally spilled like an entire beer on my roommate's/ best friend's computer on the fourth. Pretty shitty..EDIT: His computer is like totally fine. wtf. Awesome.

How about UFC 162!?

My girlfriend is coming back from Africa in like 40 days. Pretty happy about that :)
man, you guys jump all over GD really fast. Over 100 posts an hour it looks like..It's been above 100 for the bast few weeks, but people say "but it's a dry heat." And you know what? They're actually right. That's not to say that it isn't hot, but I feel the same in jeans and a long sleeved shirt as I do in shorts and a tee. I assume it's something to do with the lack of humidity making your sweat evaporate instantly regardless. Now I understand why the traditional dress in Arab countries is all long flowing robes.
I broke ds auto posting for a few days, sorry about that!
Why does . recommend that we get CDB's  in beeswax? Why not leather or any other type of material? Also, I have read many posts here saying that the crepe soles wear away EXTREMELY fast on them. Is there a different type of sole I could get with a pair of CDB?

happy with the progress that i'm making with my wardrobe. expanding it slowly, but i'm making sure i like it all..EPL is going to be crazy next season. I can see Chelsea winning it now that Mou is back. .I love concept albums..I decided to not study engineering this coming fall when i start school. 
Nah son Jozy is gonna score 30+ and lead Sunderland to the title.


I need some help building an outfit or two around this pair of white and red shoes. thanks.

I'm sitting on a beach in Hawaii. It's pretty cool.
Anyone around the Boston area who could teach me how to tailor my own clothes, or would like to learn together?
I came to the realization this week that I can use some of the money I'm making at my internship to actually start taking the advice I see here and upgrading my wardrobe. So I'll definitely be posting here more from now on..Once I came to that realization I thought about where I want my style to go. Recently I've been really feeling the styles in the couple prep inspiration albums. Combined with the complete lack of summery clothes in my wardrobe (besides the 'Qlo OCBDs I wear for work), I think I'm going to start going in that direction for now..Also I ordered a pair of Alphas the other day. I'm anxiously awaiting their arrival to see how they fit. I'm slightly worried that they'll be too baggy in the thigh, but I will certainly post in the OF&FC thread when they get there..That's it, I guess.
Decided to finally buy the Timex Weekender watch that I've wanted for a while now.
White face, blue dial, navy blue strap with yellow stripe..Quick question: Boxer, briefs, or boxer briefs?
And where can I pick up some fun ones for cheap?
Got some shirts that were a little too big for me from J.Crew factory. Decided to hold on to them and give them to my dad for his birthday, because they seemed like they'd fit him and he always wears shirts that hang off his shoulder and billow at the waist. He tried them on, they fit perfectly. He declared they were too small and declined to accept them. So I'm sending them back. Le sigh.
Just got my first prescription for glasses. Does anyone know a good name or style I should look for that will work for both a classy and somewhat sporty look for golfing?
I have this short sleeve buttoned down shirt with lobster prints on it and I know it's the furthest thing from fashionable but for some reason I want to wear it everywhere.
Trying to figure out how to still look good while losing weight.  All my clothes are too big for me now and I think I am still going to go down a size or two in shirts and god knows how much in pants.  
I thought my first summer home from college would be the greatest thing ever, but so far it's been kinda disappointing.
I bought asos chino shorts in size 36. They were slightly too small so I went up in size to 38. Do asos run small in size? Should I expect these to fit?

Nice cops.
Yes, clothes will fill the void. But seriously, I always find that completely devoting myself to self improvement helps more than anything. Fashion can definitely be part of that..Music. Gym. Tailoring. Languages..My lil bro saw Cosby a few months back. Man's a genius.


Just got the red sail Janoskis and am in love with them, they are so comfortable.
Does anyone know where to find some funky multicolored polos? Eg. pocket and collar different color than the entire shirt

My mom fell down and broke her cheek bone, also found out she has started drinking again and had a BAC of 4.0 and should've been dead.While working last night I saw Walmart stocks black R.I.T. Dye took it as a sign to dip dye my white uniqlo crew neck and cop black 508's and vans sk8's..I am picking up some nice jcrew wool sweaters from eBay for super cheap ($20) and loving it.

Damn dude. Sorry about your mom. 
Thanks, she's ok now

Soliciting ideas for pool party fashion: temperature in the high 80's/90's, no sun. Reply/comment with your ideas!

tank top + short shorts

Going to Kenya for 2 weeks, leaving tomorrow morning.
I went to look at the london school of economics.. Lets just say i need to get good grades next year.

I want to buy . pair of shoes, because I think they look great!.Do you like them?
was at a boutique on friday, had somebody tell me that they carried the brands they carry and dropped the 2 that I liked because "I guess there's 2 sides of fashion.  The really cool 'this shit is dope' kind, and the weird kind, but hey I guess that's still 'fashion' I guess".  Which sucks cause I always liked that guy.  Separate sales associate just told me it didn't fit their current aesthetic / it wasn't selling, which is easier to swallow because it's not ridiculous.  Then again they're picking up kenzo next spring so I have no idea what they're talking about.
I have some constructive questions..What makes a specific style bad? I have seen a lot of criticisms and comments that make some people likely demoralized. .What makes a specific style "better"? Aren't they just different styles? For example, Shorts. Everyone wants shorts that in my opinion are way too short and thus I am afraid to post anything because the only shorts I prefer are typically just above my knee/at my knee. The only time I find shorts to be decent when they are mid-thigh is when I wrestled and when I play some soccer. .Another thing I have trouble with accepting as a good style is patterned clothing. Why do a pair of shorts that are mid thigh with little white dots or animals on it cool or better then another solid color style?.I can understand that some outfits just look better then others but I have a hard time with some of the designs/patterns/in-style clothing. Another example is the t-shirts dipped in dye to half way down and that's apparently a good style whereas I have a hard time imagining that you could just make your own for likely 2-3 dollars and I still think it looks tacky..edit: I am a long time lurker and scour most posts and primarily the WAYWT threads every day.

Personally, long shorts can work fine, but often when beginners are using long shorts it isn't intentional, and can come across as . 
I'm on a budget. $60 is my limit.
Anyone in DC want to help me move?  I have to move to my rowhouses basement apt for the month while my landlord does work upstairs. Pro: I'm saving 1200$ in rent, con: fuck moving twice in a month 

What are you doing to prepare for winter/fall? are there discounts on winter clothes right now that you are taking advantage of? What is a good idea to buy now?

Spending my Sunday off getting rid of a bunch of stuff in my closet. Starting to realize what a problem it is that I bring three laundry bags every time I leave for college. .Still bringing six pairs of shoes and four backpacks though. Baby steps.
About to get soneme used iron rangers that I'm gonna try to turn into boots I can use for winter. 

in about 14 hours, I will turn 21. a part of me is really hoping something changes drastically inside me, especially in having focus and no more anxiety since I've seemed to gotten problems with that over the past year.
Maybe now you can more easily drink to combat nerves?
(note: drinking to fight nerves is not a sustainable long-term solution)

That cologne thread was fucking weird.
Why? I only saw a bit of it and it was alright. Did it devolve? 
So I'm not really that big of a guy (175 lb, 5'10"), but I have stretch marks  on my shoulders and arms from when I was larger...should I just not wear tank tops. How off putting is it?
Does anyone have some recommendations for bars to visit in the upper west of NYC?.Also, I've never been up there before so any other places to visit there would be cool. 
Had my grad party, yesterday, my grandfather asked what I was gonna do with the money I received, I told him I'd spend it on a car or college..I'm most likely gonna waste it on clothes, though... :C

got my jeans all bloodied up last night, kind of a bummer. 
How bad was the quality drop between the old Jack Purcells compared to the new, "reimagined" version? Is it really . noticeable or is it mostly just aesthetic changes?.Also, what is your guys's opinion on . PF Flyers? (The dark blue one.) I bought a pair off eBay for $10 and I'm not sure how I should wear them.
Beat the shit out of them. Then wear them casually with pocket tee and jeans. IDK man, I'm not a fan of them.
The quality drop is overstated. Some actually prefer the newer Purcells as they don't have the branding on the tongue which makes them look more minimalist. I have leather purcells and I'm very happy with them.

I don't know anything about Jack Purcells, but I like those PF flyers. I'd wear them with something like khaki chinos or maybe grey denim. build an outfit out of neutrals and browns.

Hey, I don't know if this is okay to post, but I was wondering if there was anything I could do to compensate for a weak chin. Or, like a non-existent chin. It makes my head look wrong from the side profile and 45 degree profile..Facial hair is pretty much out of the question, since I don't have much and try to stay clean-shaven regularly. I do need a new pair of glasses and am considering a new hair style. Any advice?
1) I may get a job as a Pre-K teacher and my dad hates the idea. The directors love me and I meet my potential co-teacher tomorrow. I will take the job if they offer it (4 weeks until school starts and have had only 1 interview)..
2) What colors go with mango (organgish/pinkish)? I have a shirt that color and a tie for just about every color and design. I really want to wear it. Suggestions?

I was at Uniqlo last week. Bought $60 worth of underwear. Feels so good.
finally went home for a bit.all my supreme purchases sitting on my bed.the ups and downs of having a different billing and shipping address
I can't find any sunglasses that suit my face shape and it's pissing me off BECAUSE IT'S SO BRIGHT

Just get wayfarers/club masters. I'm confident they'll fit your face

Moved to Houston, planning on going to mortar for that sale(is everything on their website what they have in store?). Any restaurant recommendations downtown? 

Hi, I'm looking for some chinos (khaki color) for the summer. I'm not looking for the best pair, but the best return for money. Any suggestions?

A question about sizes and fitting:.Why are my size L shirts always .? It's like always 1/3 or 1/4 wider than my actual body, and that really shows when I lift my arm. They do feel like the good length though..Whenever I wear size M shirts, I end up showing my skin when bending over or lifting my arm. Those M shirts usually fit a bit better in width, but are borderline short in length :/
You shouldn't be wearing a large, maybe not even a medium. What's your height and weight? 

Got my first Ledbury shirt in the mail on Friday.  Hot damn is this thing made well. The combination of wide shoulders and shoulder pleats is fucking great. I'm 5'7" with 18.5"-19" shoulders and a 40" chest, so dress shirts are hard to find that fit me well.  For anyone considering buying one, check out their sizing guide.  Ledbury classic fit is a good starting point for buff guys that need things tailored frequently (you'll still need this tailored but the whole package is made really well).
I honestly really want to learn how to sew/hem/alter clothing. One of those things that would come in handy in so many ways..The fact I'm about a month and a half off til I go to college hit me yesterday when I was buying sheets for my dorm room. Something that insignificant made the idea kind of click inside me--of how close it really was. Shit is simultaneously freaky as all hell and exciting.
I bought a sewing machine on a whim; It was a wonderful decision. As for getting material to practice on, thrift stores are perfect. Ridiculously cheap clothing that would look nice if someone just tailored it a bit to fit you. Some stores even have 1 day out of the week where all clothing is half off. Also they're are many online tutorials for sewing to keep you going..I would suggest getting a machine, different neutral colored thread (They're like $1 a spool), seam ripper, some pins, decent scissors, and a ruler to get started. Besides the machine, the rest of the material should cost no more than $10, and then clothing is as cheap as you can buy it for..It really is a nice feeling to go to a thrift store and find a $3 shirt that would look great on you if it wasn't just a little too big, and know that that's not even a factor to worry about since you're going to tailor it to yourself when you get home.

Buy some thrift clothes and practice!

i changed my bed around and now my life is 50% better
Dude me too
dude me too. Bed in the middle of the room, not up against the wall like a dorm room..I feel like a goddamn adult now.
I'm so scared of pigeons. I swear they are the spawn of satan. Rats with wings I tell ya. I'm at the outlet mall, taking a lunch break from shopping, and motherfuckers are . the red eyed little bastards. First it was just one. No big deal. Then its entire fucking family came and flew all around us. Shitting everywhere. You bitches ain't gettin my Five Guys. FUCK PIGEONS.

bring a shotgun with you to five guys  
love a lazy sunday morning spent shining your shoes while listening to music.

I was attacked by a grouse while hiking yesterday..I did a short hike up Mt. Strachan yesterday. This is on the North shore of Vancouver, up and around the Cypress bowl ski hill.  Nice hike, tons of bugs though as there's still lots of snow and stagnant water. Nothing major, but I decided to bail of the original descent as it was a steep gully still choked with snow and no run-out so a slip would kill me. .I hiked down the ski hill and was about to step into some high grass when I saw a small young grouse tweet and flutter away from me. "Well, isn't that cu-" BAM momma grouse jumps out of the grass right at me (I assume the nest was there) squaking her brains out and flaring her wings to scare me off! I nearly jumped out of my skin. Needless to say, I picked a different run to finish my hike down.

What happened.

Been messing around a bit with this page: . as a way of viewing mfa-waywt posts with a little filtering..Not really sure what direction to take it; hopefully it'll be easyish to add a RES style 'view images' button.
wow, that's really neat. I tried viewing the posts for yesterday (7/6) but I guess there weren't any posted via d.so yesterday so maybe you could make it display "No results found" or something when that happens?


But Djokovic is Uniqlo Man! Aren't we contractually obliged to cheer for him?
I still yet to own Uniqlo. I've heard great things though.
I turned 18 today :/
happy birthday!
Happy Birthday!.I turned 19 yesterday so that was pretty cool. Any big plans?
happy birthday! 
Why's that bad? 
come to canada, drink beer.
I'll bring in-n-out

Is that good or bad? Congrats anyways! :D

Happy birthday, and congratulations! Hopefully mostly good things will happen to you in the upcoming yearlike supercool garments going on supersale ., and being surrounded by amusing and loving and appreciative friends and family, and no car accidents. :3
Don't worry, nothing changes.
i need new sheets
If you want cheap ones, target has some called their 't-shirt sheets' or something, but they feel like really old worn in t-shirts. Not the highest threadcount, but they are super comfortable and like $30.
i have to return some videotapes
you should ask shinne all about that

They are like Hanes undies for your mattress. I think . would appreciate that.
With all due respect to you zzazz, I fucking HATE jersey sheets. Not quite as bad as rubbing newspaper print but on the same level. I realize this makes me sound finicky but jersey is like the yesstyle of sheets for me.

Go silk. It's like sleeping in lotion.

bless
gotta  be washable if u know what i mean.i mean i smell and need the sheets to be able to not smell

spend the extra money on bamboo sheets.

Hotel luxury linens
200 thread count?! Are you shitting me?!
That's fucking sandpaper as far as I'm concerned. 
"I almost slept on that shit!"
Finally realized CPs are way out of my price range and settled for some killshots. Love them so far..Had my first dream involving MFA where someone guessed my password and automated meme shitposting in comments on MFA. People were calling me out and telling me to go other subs, and I tried explaining myself but kept typing really slow and making mistakes. Kind of like in a dream where you're running away from something, but are running in slow motion..Wanna start posting to WAYWT threads, but I feel like I have nothing interesting or unique to add. Maybe I'll post in the next outfit feedback thread instead.

Man I don't think I've ever had a Reddit related dream. .If you want to post to WAYWT, then post! Let the community decide if it's interesting enough to add. It's not always about being a unique little flower ;)

"mfa has weird dreams"
Where is everyone from? As specific as you're comfortable with. .Akron, Ohio US here. 
Denmark, weather all over the place, 5 layers one day, tank-top/shorts the next.
New Hampsha yo.thuglyfe
Yeah real thugs with your old men decked out in LL Bean and your lakes.
East TN here. No I'm not country

Orlando, FL aka the worst 
The more north ya go the more south it gets. 

One of many Buffalo expats in NYC
one of the many buffalo expats (everywhere).go bills. 
Philadelphia, PA
I live at Rowan University for 9 months out of the year i'd love to come into the city and meet you philadelphians. 
Yo boul

middle-of-nowhere, PA.

Melrose, MA. Probably no mfa'ers even near here, kind of a satellite off of Boston, and connected to Orange Line.

Woah, I'm near Akron, Ohio!
originally jakarta, have been in montreal for the last 7 years
New Haven, CT / Burlington, VT
Asuncion, Paraguay
Minnesota. Moving to the Twin Cities soon. 
Louisville KY
Algonac, Michigan (hour north of Detroit)
nyc
Findlay, Ohio.Oxford, Ohio for school

Phoenix, Arizona..Where it's hot as hell and the women wear less clothing on a daily basis.
Mumbai/Dubai
Mount Pleasant, SC.Was born in Los Angeles, CA but moved out to SC a while back now...
Central Washington. No trees, just scrub. Scrub for days. 
Montreal, Qc
Tempe, AZ. Kinda surprised to not see anyone else from the valley on here, since they sure as hell aren't outside right now. 
iowa
Oslo area, Norway.
white bear lake, MN
London, UK
SE London, UK.

AKRON? DO YOU KNOW THE BLACK KEYS?
Not personally lol 

maui, hawaii.
Pittsburgh, PA here
Brisbane, Australia 
Central Austin (near UT campus), TX
Charlotte, NC
Cleveland, OH.transferring to Akron U soon

Around the Steubenville, Ohio, area.
Ventura, CA
Halifax, Nova Scotia
Calgary, AB , Canada
Living in Seattle, from South Carolina, what a culture shock.

philadelphia. But I work and live in Baltimore now.
Nova Scotia
Columbus, Ohio -- Not too far away
From Spokane, WA. Living near St. Louis, MO. Moving to Germany. Yay Traveling.
Ottawa, ON
Montreal, Qc.

Monterey Bay, CA
Galesburg, IL. A.K.A the middle of nowhere. 
I thought you were from Pallet Town? 
Beantown. 
Houston, TX
Cape Cod, MA. And NONE of you better visit, over 5 hour traffic at the bridges yesterday....
Ann Arbor, MI
North Idaho.Boise, ID for school.

Boise ftw. Love this place 
Glorious Russia, Moscow to be specific. 

Iceland.
calgary, alberta, canada. 
[deleted]
Boulder represent
High five Colorado. I went to school in Fort Collins and now I live in the Springs.

Walhalla, South Carolina. 
NYC ringing in
Denver, CO
Tampa, FL
Cincinnati, Ohio
I'm from there. good place
Oakland, CA
Gainesville, FL

Me too! It's been too hot and rainy lately. At the same time.
The same damn time. I don't mind the heat at all, but it's really hard to want to leave the house when it's 100% raining all the time. shouts out to gnv mfa'ers, there's a surprising amount of em here
We really ought to do a meetup sometime


Montana over here!
Smyrna which is near Nashville, TN
I'm from Murfreesboro. Unless the person is from Tennessee I always just say Nashville 

West MD. DCL resort town.
DC suburb in Maryland
Bethesda?

nottingham, uk

San francisco. Really not as fashion forward as you might expect from a gay friendly big city, at least in high school

Melbourne, Australia.
Man, your city... so much to love. One of my 3 or 4 favorite places to have visited.
Holland, Michigan 
oh shit, me too
oh shit not me

North area of Houston, TX. Like the really rich part where everyone drives Porsches and shit and the guy from ZZ Top is the next door neighbor to a kid in my class at high school but I'm super poor. Relatively speaking.
The woodlands?


Austin, TX
I'm from here originally and I'm visiting my family right now. I missed it.

Akron, Ohio here as well for the summer then back to Columbus.
Ah, there . another Akronite! 
Yeah I never see any Clevelanders or Akronites here which is disappointing. 

Cape Town, South Africa. 
auckland, nz
Sarasota, fl. Moving to Orlando for college (hopefully transferring to NYC) 

Eugene, Oregon, which I'm sure people could deduce from my posts
Lake Oswego, Oregon here..Eugene is nice.

Bod, Norway
The French Riviera.
Southern Idaho, land of potatoes..L.A. for school.
maine

I live in Iowa now. Kill me. But it's not super bad honestly, not my thing, but tolerable.
Iowa :/
hey me too
Boston area. Specifically, Inman Square in Somerville. 

Suburbs of Chicago, I want to move to Lakeview/Wrigleyville so badly though.
Having lived in wrigleyville, you don't wanna live there. Lakeview is legit tho, I just moved to diversey/Sheffield area and I really like it

wrigleyville is full of douches though

That's why I'm thinking Lakeview. Just an amazing area. I'm a huge Cubs fan, so it's still close to Wrigley for me.

Yeah, I'm leaning towards Lakeview. I slept on a friends couch near that area Friday night, great area..I just want to live near Headquarters Beercade, place looks so awesome.

Seattle, WA
Seattlites unite!
Nebraska :(

Western MA
that exists?
I'm Western MA too, Amherst here.
on a similar note, central MA.

On another similar note, south shore MA.

San Jose, Ca .Boston, Ma for school  

Washington DC
Northern Virginia
Atlanta, GA. The Land of Heat and Water
woo
It doesn't seem like all that long ago when we would have begged for rain. Now it just won't fucking quit. Somebody with a weather machine has got to be screwing with us.

Me too! Fuck this rain, man
Do you go to school here. I go to GSU, hopefully this rain continues so I have an excuse to buy Bean boots

Baden-Wrttemberg, GERMANY
no
oh well there's your other problem
missouri
Nothing is ever in walking distance. It's always a short drive.
I too am from Missouri. I fucking hate when people say misery.
I'm originally from Missouri, always hated hearing Missour-a. Don't know why
I hate it when people say Missourah, especially our fucking governor. .Although I prefer to think that there is a difference between Missouri (St. Louis, KC, Columbia) and Missourah (the sticks). 

that how clothes should fit post....lol
link? 
edit: im a moron nvm, found it
i specifically made a point to avoid it 

That many comments is like a red flag 
"Wait, bootcut jeans are awesome! What's wrong with them?" was the general theme of a lot of comments I read.

people were pretty chill about it though. it was nice

Yeah much more raw curiosity rather than trolls.
Purchased PBJ's. Approaching addiction status. 
What kind?


I know, right? People are saying Silva was tired of MMA though, take that for what it's worth..Someone finally caught his rolling game

I'm a little skeptical of that though. I wouldn't sign a 10 fight contract if I was on the edge of quitting. .That being said, weidman's combo was perfect. Can't wait for . to analyze the fights.

Are you going to splurge on something amazing? 

I splurged on $200 Sheex. Best investment I ever made. Those sheets keep me cool as fuck in a 94 degree humid summer day.

break up at the end of the summer and leave it open, hook up when you're home and be free to do whatever in college..feels good man.
preachin the truth.
watch as she gets into a serious relationship with someone back home and you struggle to find a connection as deep as you had with her. live the rest of your life wondering what could have been..feels bad man.(just being devil's advocate)
too many billions of people for their to be only one perfect one, even then, much less likely they grew up next to you.
Try grilling them. Fucking delicious.
Was going to tell you I meant jeans 

he meant the jeans
Well... I do love grill marks.
smoak fadez
make sure it's crunchy pb tho
Seems old now, but trust me, everyone will still see you as a baby besides the cigarette dealers..Edit: Wow I'm an idiot, Happy Birthday!  :) 
i'm kinda weirded out by the plane crash because i've taken that flight on asiana a number of times in the past.  

My mother and sister are flying out to that airport today. .I love how, when hearing the news, my grandparents were more concerned about the Chinese people on board than anyone else.
My mom was like that too.  Asiana flies to Vietnam too and she thought there were Vietnamese people on there.  She was freaking out.  When she found out there weren't any, she stopped talking about it.
it was the pilots fault though wasn't it

I mean every airline has had a plane that crashed though. .Except Qantas. Qantas never crashed.
Gee, thanks Rainman! (First reddit comment, woooo!)
But that just means they're probably next. 
Oceanic flight 815... 
Rain Man
4 8 15 16 23 42
Posting on behalf of .. .The original comment is ., you can either reply there so he sees it or here so everyone sees it 
Dang if only this was a few week later
Thanks a bunch!
yup, np
Sweet its my birthday!....and I live in rural England.
edit: Muzz sweeps Nole 6-4, 7-5, 6-4..ON 7/7, MURRAY ENDS 77-YEAR DROUGHT. ANDY THE SW19 CHAMPION OF 2013!.MURRAY FOR SW19 2013

there are people who play tennis in mfa i love u all
Such a great match. Murray was on top of his game.
I'd say the Nole-Delpo match was even better..But this final was just oozing D R A M A 
Being a Scottish-British mix living in England, I can safely say that I've never shouted so loudly at my T.V. 


77 year drought ends on 7/7 .dis sum illuminati shit
i couldnt believe it. straight sets...
Even the uniqlo endorsement couldn't save dj...
I went for a jog today and thought about my life..I found MFA last year, and it started my "journey" of self improvement that so many of us have went through. I lost 40 pounds last summer, learned how to dress myself, and became more confident in myself as a person..I set goals for this summer, and so far I've met many. I got a job, I exercise, I cut all sugary drinks (except iced tea, gotta have a reward system), but I'm still missing one goal that I've been struggling to meet for the longest time:.The gym..I've been to the gym at my University, but only to play Racquetball/Basketball and stuff. My body shape right now (at 6'3'' 185) is something I'm comfortable with, but one that could be so much more... Fit? I want to work out, but besides jogging there's not much that I've been able to get myself to do..As I said before, I've gained confidence in myself. The me 2-3 years ago struggled to make eye contact or even talk to people. I preferred to be alone all the time. While I still enjoy being by myself, I also have made so many friends that I love to spend time with. That confidence hasn't transposed to my body though..So, what I'm slowly getting at is that I'm scared of going to the gym. But I want to fix that. I feel like the best idea would be to find a buddy to help motivate myself to work out, but none of my friends go to the gym. I've been to . and ., and while the knowledge I've gained has helped me lose weight, I still don't get the gym lingo. I guess I have to experience it to understand it..I'm using this post to vent, but I'm wondering how those of you that have went on the same "journey" have gotten into the gym environment. I'm determined to start going to the gym this fall, but I feel like I need a game plan; otherwise things won't play out like I want them to.
Hey man, I started lifting for the first time a year ago. I started off only being able to dumbell bench press 12 pounds in each hand. Now I can do 40s. A 300+% increase in weight..Once you get into it, it becomes addicting. What I did was lookup a basic starting general strength workout plan. After a few months of that I built up a base of general strength and then I focused on tweaking the workout plan to work on what I wanted..Also, if you want to see gains don't forget to make sure you eat enough protein. That was my biggest mistake as a beginner.
 .i got over the gym fear by picking standard barbell exercises. seriously took me a year and a minor injury to even have passable squat form (ankle and hip mobility are important). nobody else does barbell exercises. read starting strength you will be ahead of 95% of the people there, and the 5% who are ahead of you are just because they've been doing it longer. put some weight on the bar, get under it, and do your thing. in 2 years you will look like nothing you ever imagined possible.
Sounds just like me a few years ago. I remember how terrified I was to go to my university's gym. Then I walked in, and walked back in. After finally growing a pair, I realized absolutely no one cared. Everyone's just trying to get stronger..Sure there's a gym subculture that you could delve into just like there's one for male fashion, but honestly, it isn't necessary to lose yourself in it if you don't want to. All you need to know are a few basics (find a few lifting exercises that look like a good place to start, and you can't go wrong with push ups and crunches either) and then get in there and start doing it. With the right eating (I wasn't getting enough protein for the longest time) and a steady schedule and boom, you'll be where you want to be before you know it..Godspeed, soldier.
The gym quickly becomes addicting, in a good way. Find a friend that somewhat knows what he's doing and ask if you can workout with him. Then once you get comfy look up your own routine and start getting down to it. You're already motivated, but a friend will help you get over your fear!
Don't go in the fall. Go tomorrow. If by the gym you mean lifting, then look into doing the Greyskull lp, it's a great starting routine. And realize that no one else will be paying any attention to you and you don't need to know any lingo or special handshakes or anything. Just do your thing. 
First on, congratulation on the improvement, it's good to look back and see a change :) .About the whole gym thing, I truly understand how hard it can be to get yourself to the gym. I had problems once, but then again, we all have problems sometimes, we just need to overcome them. .If you got a smartphone, get a picture that can motivate you. .I used this one . for a year. Set it as lockscreen. .Then find some music that can motivate you. Some rock and hiphop can make a difference. .Then what I think you should do is, make a goal to like: .: Workout.: Rest.: Workout.: Rest.: Workout/Rest.: Workout/Rest.: Off.After that, it is easier for you to get a habit going there :) .If possible, make an apointment with a trainer and go through a Muscle development plan. 
I got lucky; was trying to beat heartbreak by picking up a hobby, which happened to be my body. At the same time, I had a friend with me; in my head, it was a competition, though I never let that part of me stay visible..As a competitive person, it helped me; find what appeals to you about the gym and build.
I sort of lucked out in that I have a couple of friends who are really into lifting. Really though if you just start going to the gym a couple times a week and doing a few different lifts you will start to get into a routine. I find that if you don't feel like you know what you are doing you can honestly just ask someone who is doing something while they are between sets they will answer help you out at least thats how I feel in my gym which is a university gym. This will probably also make you better with people as it sounds like you maybe are more introverted.
Oh man I get it. I'm coming from sort of the other end than you are though. I was super skinny and was trying (still am) to gain muscle. When I first started going to the gym, the first few weeks I might as well have been using those day glo colored dumbells. But the first few times I went, I didn't go to actually start a program, more to just get familiarized with the placement of things so I don't wander around needlessly and to gain confidence just being in the gym..It's so much fun to watch your numbers go up and up if you stick to a program. Loud music helps if you're self conscious. 
For the longest time I thought that being skinny was easy to fix, and that being overweight was a much more serious problem. One of my best friends (a guy) is 5'8'' and 125 lbs. That's after gaining 15 lbs this summer. He just had a hard time eating large portions. All of his meals were small, and he ate infrequently. I understand the other end of the spectrum, and good on you for finding a rhythm and sticking to it. .'s really got me considering a PT, maybe I'll convince my friend to hit the gym with me and we can both even out to a good weight..I love music, if that makes me forget about other people then I'll come armed for bear

I can give some advice on how to start. While some people prefer having a buddy to motivate them, I prefer to go alone since it makes my workout more efficient. Don't get hung up on looking for a buddy if you haven't even figured out yet if you prefer going alone. .The most important thing to get started is to have a workout plan that tells you what workouts to do in what order for each day. It makes it so much easier to just walk in and know what you're going to do. Even if you've never been in a gym before, it's fun to explore the machines and figure out where everything is..And if you're scared because you think everyone will judge you, remember this: nobody gives a shit about what you're doing in there. The vast majority are there to focus on their own workout. Those that do pay attention to you are either impressed by you (good job!) or insecure in themselves (sucks for them). Either way, there's nothing to worry about..Find a workout plan today, and go to the gym tomorrow. And enjoy, it's fun!
Look into bodyweight fitness dude (.). All you really need is a pull up bar. You can get door frame pull up bars for 20-30 bucks on Amazon or at your local sporting goods store. Check out dudes like Ido Portal and Hannibal for King on Youtube to see some insane bodyweight stuff.

If you go down the SS road, be warned that none of you pants will fit you anymore. It is a program for high school football players getting big for the first time. It concentrates on the lower body because that's the most important in sports. It's not a bad look and people will be checking out your calves, but its not the MFA look either..For basic strength and aesthetics, you may want to check out something like greyskull lp. It's similar to SS in range of exercises, but it puts the upper body front and center. Running is also a great start. Fittit is really biased against it, but there's a reason soccer players look so good. C25K is a fantastic program that finally got me to not hate running. You don't have to worry about being watched so much and it will give you endurance if you hit the gym later..Finally, diet is 70% of fitness. If you're going for a fight club look, GOMAD is excessive, but eat more lean protein and vegetables to nourish yourself, then carb heavier meals before workouts.

If you're really scared hire a PT or ask your uni weightlifting coach to show you the exercises for starting strength/stronglifts. Then do the program as proscribed..Also sign up for a yoga class. And run a couple times a week. Boom you're into fitness.
Is a strength program what he's after though? Don't get me wrong, SS is great but it might not be what he's after
he wants to feel "fit". .nothing makes you feel fit like your own body get stronger. 
Yeah, if I can convert all this fat to muscle then I'll be very satisfied
that's not really how it works. .beyond the gains you make from being a novice trainee, you can either gain muscle (and a little fat) or lose fat (and a little muscle), but not both.


Thoughts on Why Are You Wearing That? .I like not listing brands and just discussing the pieces. .Maybe we can have it once a month or more often if people like it enough.
I thought it was cool but I dunno why people don't add some commentary to their normal WAYWTs. I always throw in a paragraph or two, especially if there is something weird in the fit that could benefit from explanation. I think it helps the newbies to get a little insight into why certain pieces were chosen to go together.
Honestly most of the time I just look at the pics and skip over any wordy blocks of text. I guess I don't particularly care why someone is wearing something most of the time. To me it either works or doesn't and I like to evaluate a fit as someone seeing you on the street would, at a passing glance without an explanation..Personally I don't always put much thought into what I'm wearing besides "I think this looks cool and works for the weather today." I couldn't write a sentence let alone a paragraph on what I wear..All that being said I don't have a problem with people writing it out. It's definitely good if it helps someone. I just skip it.
Because "oh shit it's noon and I forgot to prepare my WAYWT paragraphs, gotta quick post to beat the crowd!" 
I like it a lot. I don't see what the harm is in listing the brands, though.
Fashion and taking pics of yourself for the internet is already super masturbatory and that's cool, but that thread was so full of word splooge it make me pretty uncomfortable. 
Yeah, I dig it. Very interesting.
Idk why I get so many downvotes.
cause you posted a fit that people didn't like, but instead of giving some sort of explanation for what you were going for with it (like cameron might do), your explanation was mostly "i put on shorts cause i wanted shorts and i put on a hoodie cause i wanted a hoodie and i dunno why people don't like the colors." 

Death of the author..If you want people to tell you what they think, explaining yourself beforehand pollutes their impression.
not often, not at a set rate either. make it be a special thing

I'm visiting Chicago, and leaving tomorrow. Actually at a Cubs game right now. Hot as dicks out, today. 
i'm moving to chicago in a week. any shops you recommend? if not, how about restaurants?
not too much, considering I was just vacationing, but I am pretty familiar with the area. in terms of stores, look around michigan ave. and state st., there are a ton of tourist-y but still cool clothes stores, including (but not limited to):.restaurants... hoo boy. it really depends on where in chicago you're moving to, but I'll outline some of my favorites:.hope this is helpful.

They're playing here for ACL Fest but tickets are so fucking expensive now that they no longer sell 1 day passes. Fuck I'm not paying $300 for a weekend when I only want to see 4 or 5 bands.
Fuck, I love Vampire Weekend. Hope the concert is fucking awesome!
:( i was going to get tickets for the end of september but then they sold out in the pit and all my friends are in the pit #struggle
I just saw them back in may! It was the third time I'd seen them and they just keep getting better. Have a great time!.Ps, I think ezra wrote "ya hey" to entertain himself at shows. No matter how beautiful your voice is, you'll sound like a drunken idiot singing the chorus with him
haha I got that a while back. some friends and I had a mid-dance party singalong to it and the feeling of regret hanging in the room after each chorus was palpable
i have tickets too!! i'm so excited

why would you ever leave chicago??

Bring a sweater. Ezra loves sweaters
I am going to do whatever possible to meet ezra, he's pretty much my favorite person (or up there).maybe I'll make some big masks of his face to wear or something to get his attention

"Is your bed made?
Is your sweater on?"

"do you wanna fuck?" yes of course ezra * . *
Roses are red.Violets are blue.Do you wanna fuck
so much linen lately .comfort level maximized
recs on some good (cheap or pricy doesn't matter) linen button ups?
Banana Republic linen costs a pretty penny but sooo worth it. I have 3 pairs of linen pants and none of them are as good as those banana republic ones.
fuck me I need some linen everythings.
Know some good 9" linen shorts in navy or grey (<75$) I should know about?
None that I'm aware of. 

I got some linen pants on friday. Holy cow are they comfy.
I don't feel cool enough now. I own zero linen. ; n ;
I'm wearing linen shorts right now, get on my coolness level Schia.

Putting all my talent points in comfort. 
not cool enough .literally 
why would you post this

I'm convinced everyone is making this shit up. 

they are 
I lied. I actually stayed up all night coming up with that story.
unless its givenchy you wont pull it off
It's not a good look.
I kind of like the off white one.
I've been easing away from polos all together, but that is one I would run away from.
It's a very slippery slope towards old man golf tier.
To a certain extent, fashion is influenced greatly by the large corporate producers...otherwise it may be more stagnant and if that happens, you won't be buying their next new thing..For example, look at another major manufacturer-influenced industry: beer. For almost a decade, Budweiser advertised their beers as "beechwood aged," suggesting that their beer was left to mature over a period of time in beechwood barrels. So by that token older beer was better. Then all of a sudden it was "born-on dating" so every beer was time-stamped when it was brewed, and the earlier the date the better..So which is it? Which beer, older or newer, is better? Budweiser was telling you one or the other, just at different times. It doesn't matter, Budweiser was only using the taglines to get you to buy more beer. That is how it is with fashion to some degree..It's like I've always said, your fashion & style should represent your personality and the function for which the clothes are being worn. If somebody strictly adheres to the MFA guidelines they are fashion followers and not innovators. I've been downvoted many times for saying that, but stick with your plain Ts, skinny jeans, and Van sneakers and see where that gets you in five years. All of those things will be out as far as the MFA is concerned, and by that time will you have found your own style or will you still be desperately clinging to group consensus?
Plain T's are here to stay. Graphic T's are just so juvenile.
Interesting. As I've said, I'm only curious.I used to wear 501s, but they were loose and baggy on me.
[deleted]
Haheh, I've spent the past four years "experimenting" with loose, unappealing 514s (great jeans, no doubt). I don't think I'll ever look back..Unless, well, styles change. Maybe four years ago baggy jeans were the style for us middle schoolers. I don't recall very well if I ever had an aversion to skinny jeans. 
already are.i think you meant to ask if they'd come back in the US, which is debateable
in mens fashion - yes. if you look at some of the top tastemakers/manufacturers/fashion houses, in most of their shows/presentation this past men's FW things have gotten looser. it seems  many of them have grown pretty tired of the overly tailored fits of the past. they're experimenting with generally bigger cuts & while fit is still a crucial factor - its not THE factor. 
the (fashion) world has embraced a more fitted look. although, the U.S. largely has not. Part of the reason guys here in the U.S. 'slim down' is to show their fashion conscious or at least, they can tell what fits them. it's one immediate identifiable factor in determining a guys 'style'. However, the majority of guys in the U.S. are still wearing a larger cut pant and that simply delays the rebirth of a looser cut pant.
trendhopping is for basic bitches. wear whatever jeans you like.
they already are
Not trendhopping. I mean I followed MFA's advice and got jeans that slimmed me down recently i.e. 511s and 510s. They fit my body well and I like them, but I was just curious. 
Levi's 501's will never go out of style, man. They aren't even baggy if you buy your correct size.
If you're skinny as I am, I swim in 501s. Even 514s are baggy on me. 
Measurements, height, weight etc. aaand go!
5'8'', 100 lbs, 28x30.inb4anorexicaccusations
Jesus dude. That is skinny hah. I'm 5'7" 145 and 29/30x30 depending on the cut of the pants, except I have to get all my shit hemmed to like 30x27/28 if I don't want it pooling at my ankles.
They should fit about a half size small. I'm 11.5 on the Brannock Device, and 11.5 in Vans, Sperry, Sebago, Eastland, etc., and a 12 in the Tretorn Nylites. (Also 12 in New Balance, Puma, Adidas, PF Flyers)
Thanks ampersammich. I'll go with 10s then as I'm a 10 in New Balance also.
Too baggy.
We have WAYWT threads and Outfit Feedback Threads for this exact reason. If every single person made a new thread for their own outfit, we'd be absolutely drowning in them. Try to use the official threads for posts like this, they come around very often. 
EEEEYYYYYYYYYYYYY
are you ryo hazuki?
Get another fold on your cuffs and get a light brown belt instead of that dark/black one
A good 200$ on 
Unfortunately they aren't that similar, but I remembered seeing these 1k models on STP with waxed canvas accents.
I enjoy that second pair. Thanks.
These are somewhat similar: 
good find, those are exact.
I'm pretty sure that these are some pretty bad, made in Singapore shoes iirc. I'd pass, it doesn't even mention a welted sole and looks to me that it's genuine leather.
probably, but he wants that pair and if he takes care of them, they'll still look good. it's like jcpenney's camlin boot, you get what you pay for, 60$ leather, but take care of it and it'll look good.
Well yeah, for $60 you get what you pay for. These are crazy overpriced.
i wouldn't say so, the price could drop about 50$ and it would be perfect but because of the styling, the suede and leather combination, 180 is really pretty normal. looks better than aldo!
$180 could get you a pair of Redwings, or even the Wolverine 1000 mile Wingtips from the seconds sale a while back. That's an obscene price for a shitty boot.
yeah but the thing is this guy wants this exact style, and maybe he doesnt have a budget for wolverine or red wings. i own both the 1000 mile and the 875 from red wing. i love them both but they were 345 and 220 respectively. this boot may not have the exact same quality, but it has a pretty unique style. .i mean honestly, to each his own. i wouldnt pay money for them probably but this guy likes em, if they're poor quality he'll learn. 
This guy appears to be very new to the fashion world, and I see so many people jump into low quality and often expensive purchases just because they see a model wearing it well. I try to steer people in the direction of safer and higher quality, but still exploratory pieces to help them decide on what is in their personal style, and not having throwaway items.
yeah, a lot of people are on here. and they learn. some people don't want to jump right on the boot boat and buy a pair of 400$ boots. with a bit more searching i found them on sale for like ...don't steer people too far away from what they want just because what they want isn't designer quality. 
Yeah, I know, I also like to point out .. Too many newbies also try to buy clothes too fast, and it's a good exercise in patience to wait for a sale before you buy something you want. Even now I don't just see something and think "I WANT DIS" and then spend $200 on it.
Actually i just wanted the style and not the shoe. I was raised to get things that work and will last, not "shit on a platter".

I think the black jacket will be more appealing to you the more you wear it.  Once it starts fading I think it won't be as stark.
It actually is more of a "faded black" color even grey looking in some areas.  Does this match dark indigo denim?
Honestly, I was debating getting the black one a while back before settling on dark summit. The black denim jacket was a no-go for me. In theory it sounded good, but denim jackets are typically blue. .You could wear the black trucker with khakis and olive chinos and dark navy jeans. 
Your first description sounds like it is a description of the 514s, which are low rise straight leg slim, while the 511s are low rise tapered slim. (Going by memory here, may be off.).As for the jacket, if it fits well, it really depends on your wardrobe whether you can pull it off or not. it might not go as well as some of the traditional pairings like dark jeans and a lighter jacket, therefore it's a little less versatile, but can still be worn. .Looking at the one you posted though, the reviews have conflicting wording, with one saying the jacket is black, and the other saying it is a dark blade blue. .Try some khakis and a white v neck tee with a shallow v.
Probably best for you to post fit picks with the jacket for people to judge, doesn't look black on the website though.  You can certainly wear it with chinos..I don't know anything about the description of the 511's but people say the cuts can vary and it's best to try them on in store when buying.  Kind of found that out myself, tried some on in store to figure out my size and the ones I got in the mail are huge.
would you be awesome for me and measure the size of it?  I haven't been able to find a slim one anywhere to try on or measurements online..Shoulder-to-shoulder on the inside, and waist inside   would be much appreciated.
Levi's recently rebranded all their cuts pretty much, 511s are now "slim" when they used to be "skinny". As far as I know their cuts are still roughly the same, but Levi's vary a lot between stores/washes/days of the week/etc. 
They're one wash..Worth noting: I have a pair of Levis one wash, and although they faded a lot slower than raw denim would have, they ended up looking really good. Treat them as you would raw denim.
 is dead on. Warning: If you wear lighter shoes (esp. vans) they WILL get dye on them. It will look awesome, though. Can post pics if anyone wants. 
pics?
 The darker band is where the dye rubbed off. It's partially becuase of water getting on my jeans, but it's mostly just the rigid..Ninja Edit: I don't own Line 8. I have a pair of A&F 1 wash. 
those shoes are really ugly.
I guess to each their own. What about them is so bad? (There is dirt on them, they are kinda beaters)
User is just a troll, downvote and move on.
well, they just went from awesome to beaters, but they're shoes you'd expect a 4 year old to wear.
. There's a line across the tongue, I don't like it myself. Got that from wearing my Rigid Dragon 511s
Your pants must be baggy as fuck if the denim stain is that far on the front of the shoe. How big is the leg opening? 10 inches?
I actually think they look great.
Rigid is their "once washed" denim. It isn't raw but the dye isn't as set as non rigid ones. 
FYI - You're responding like a dick.
Agreed but he isn't wrong. 
[deleted]
Nice try
Yeah, those are some huge leg openings, and some long pants (Long enough to reach that far down the foot means they have to be dragging on the heel, I assume)
Ha!  I posted a VERY similar question here today.  I would call those Oxfords, not wingtips, but olive Levis sound like a perfect match.  I hadn't considered olive.  I will have to add that to my list.  I also was thinking a chestnut, brown, and grey.
Yerp. Don't think too hard regarding tops, concern yourself with pants more than anything. Blue/gray chinos will work. Dark denim will as well. 
Sounds good! Don't know why I was so worried about matching these.
It's good homie, you got some cool shoes and you wanted the rest of your outfit to be up to par with em. 
Do yourself a favor and ask this BEFORE purchasing the shoes.
Those all sound like good options too, especially grey. The olive color works nice, probably would've been even better if I had olive chinos. 
They work with anything, really. 
Really? I think it's just that I'm not used to lighter colored shoes. Thanks!
Only thing really to avoid is wearing khaki pants in the same shade as the shoes. I think it'll look good with indigo denim. 
Awesome. Thanks!
It's an hyperbole, and subjective to every individual. I've never had anything physically fall apart. 
A jacket "falls apart" because the fabric has holes worn in it. You can get it patched, up to a point, but that is only an option for some jackets, and there are limits to where you can patch..Shoes generally "fall apart" at the seams, or if you let the sole get too worn; alternatively, the material can just fail along a crease, at which point little can be done..Shirts, like jackets, can just wear out, although they're more likely to tear as well. If something is poorly stitched, the seams might not be able to stand a wash and tumble dry or two - fixable, perhaps, but hardly economical..Socks can tear/wear out in the heel or the ankle or the toe or around the opening, and there's not much good in trying to mend them..Trousers can fray at the ankles, wear out in the seat, or tear in the crotch..Obviously, clothes which are "falling apart" can be worn around the house or for physical work - e.g., a pair of deck shoes with the sole coming away can be pulled on to push a lawn mower, whereas your black Oxfords which have split along the crease behind the toe are unwearable in their proper context. Clothes which are of better constuction and more expensive are often more receptive to mending - I wouldn't wear a jacket with a hole in the elbow, but on some jackets I could get a patch and wear it with no trouble. .Any clothes can fall apart, given enough wear and tear - though for me "fall apart" requires more than just some creasing in the wrong place. I think there has to be some structural damage to use that term, but I don't think the items have to be falling off your body, or literally unwearable - although there can come a time when that happens, you'll probably have dismissed it as having fallen apart before then.
Now that I'm buying better clothes, washing them only when needed and washing them more carefully (thank you mfa) I expect my shirts to last longer at least.
Jeans - wear the inside of the seats or between legs.Other stuff - unstitched mostly..OCBDs for example - fraying of the tissue at the cuff and the neckline..Shoes - soles going too much, or excessive deforming (shoe trees can really help here)
Basically they lose their "crispness". The next time you're at the mall, take a look at the sales rack at a store like Banana Republic. Compared to the merchandise on the rack, the stuff in the sales rack will be noticeably stretched out and worn, and will feel thinner, looser, and overall just not as nice as a new item, because they've been tried on and handled by so many people. So it's not just washing clothes that leads to this deterioration; it happens just by wearing them.
basically when it starts looking like shit after wears and washes
Back in the day, when I used to wear cargos pretty much daily and usually got them from Old Navy, the hemming on the ankle would become frayed. This would happen after only a few wearings. .Oh, and several of their tees (especially the long sleeved ones) just tore apart at the seams when I put them on. 
They were obviously too long and you were probably stepping on them, no wonder they would fray, as high end pants would as well
Hah, thinking back on it, I'm sure you're right.  Especially since I'd often wear them with sandals.
E.g. I have some pants from H&M that I consider "falling apart", just because the fabric has noticeably thinned, the color is washed out (irregular) and the fabric just feels ... wrong to the touch. .They have no holes, tears or anything. You . wear them, but they no longer fill the aesthetic I bought them for. Still have them, though, and probably will wear them a few times until I get around to replace them. On the other hand, they were like 15 bucks and I got a good season of wear out of them; which is okay with me..You are maybe familiar with old T-shirts that feel kinda like crumpled paper to the touch, your skin shines through them at some points and the colors have dulled; this is most notable with black shirts that gray out..Cheap shoes, though, . fall apart after 1-2 seasons of wear.
Stitches come loose, fabric frays, short fibers will pill and create uncomfortable and unsightly garments. Construction and shape maintenance becomes important especially when you're buying things like dress shirts that will be worn a lot and need to keep their shape in order to stay sharp looking. 
I need a deep almost wine coloured or burgundy scarf. That would make me sooooo happy..Also as Syeknom says they are perfectly masculine when worn functionally or (as with any item really) worn with the proper accompanying attire. 
Scarves are a bit like ties, they should complement the rest of the outfit but not match it. I'd base the color of the scarf on the color of the coat or jacket..For patterned scarves, just don't pick something too feminine (or do, it's up to you) and you should be fine..As for fabric, wool is the warmest, cashmere will in fact be the best choice. Silk is less warm but more formal, it's really in that case an accessory more than anything else. Cotton and linen are in between, warmer than silk but more casual than wool or silk..As to where to buy, you could try Drake's, Hilditch and Key, A Suitable Wardrobe and Herms (if money is not an issue).

while i was thinking something more chunky that is actually gorgeous.bookmarked for the fall thanks d00d
There's a section on scarves in the . guide..I think most people overthink scarves. Wear them with a jacket/coat when it's cold enough to need one. A thick woollen or cashmere scarf is rarely going to look weird with a coat..Thin scarves (silk or thin cotton) are more difficult to style without looking affected, but adding a jacket keeps them looking functional rather than poseur. A thin scarf under a blazer or suit jacket is a common #menswear look.
I wonder if they make mandarin collar space suits
Dude that's hilarious. When I saw those pictures I totally stopped to take a close look at those boots. I thought to myself: this fashion thing is going to far. I'm glad I'm not the only one. 
Maybe if you want to invade Poland?
your not an astronaut 
fuck you maybe he is
nay
Was there a fit these were in? Source?
based on european history and popular opinion like 97% of all people want to invade poland

I don't really understand how the laces/tongue/zipper works. Love to see a picture from the front.
They remind me of those things when we were kids... Space boots? The ones that made it seem like you were walkin' on the moon
Moon boots?
That's probably the blighters! 
If only to get their cars back.
It's true, I'm from Ireland and even we want to into poland.
no
Nah man, not for me. Too tacky.
oh man FUCK yes! those're rad.
Uniqlo's merino wool sweaters are much more thin material than J. Crew.  The fit for the J.Crew I also find to be a little more tight in the chest and waist area.  Uniqlo's aren't bad, they just aren't the quality of J. Crew.
Ah okay thank you! I think i am going to stick with jcrew from now on.
you've got the jcp wingtip boots and the wolverine thousand miles in brown. i'd go walnut, even though you've got the strands. they look completely different, with the sleek shape of the captoe compared to the bulk of the boot.
Incidentally, just making sure you know this shoe is going to be part of the Nordstrom anniversary sale. 
That's the context ;) Today is Day 1 of Pre-Sale (...and allegedly AE stores will match the Walnut @ Nordys price with Chocolate)
YMMV. One store said no, another I called (and politely said I was excited to be a first time customer... didn't mention that was "at there store") said yes..I went chocolate.
If you've already got walnut strands, I'd say chocolate is a no brainer. They're way too similar. 
One's a balmoral, one's a blucher. One's a cap toe, one's a wingtip...idk. I've thought the same and agree those characteristics might take a backseat to the screams of WALNUT emanating from the shoe
I'd just think of it as: Can you think of a context where you could wear the walnut strand but not the walnut dalton, or vice versa? I can't, and for that kind of money I'd want to be increasing my shoe versatility, not duplicating things. But that's just my philosophy. 

I'm going to grad school in the fall and I'm trying to find a bag, ideally a backpack to hold books/electronics. Any suggestions that look fashionable but still functional? 
Here goes:., really showing some nice wear after about four years. I like the way the color has aged. One of the reasons I opted for the green rather than the initially better looking tan was because of the fading. Bonus closeup of indigo from my jeans along the side: ., not the most practical bag, but it looks pretty sweet.., union made bro..and finally, ., not the nicest bag, but it is very useful and holds a ton of stuff. It is also locally made and very durable. Ten years of pretty serious use and abuse and it is still holding up incredibly well. Aside from the Filson, it is my most frequently used bag.
I try to make most of my own bags, this is my currently most used, kind of filson-ish in design (aka: heavily inspired by filson 257):.When I need a backpack I mostly use my Killspencer Spec Ops:
I have a . backpack. .I really like it. It has one large pouch with a padded laptop sleeve which fits my Lenovo 13" perfectly. It has a little front pouch to hold pens and keys and such..It's a simple bag, but it's tough and usable.
I have the same bag in grey, the padding on the back and straps is really comfortable and the whole bag feels like it's built to last. I didn't love the magnet closure at first but it's pretty convenient once you get used to it. 
I agree with the magnetic snaps: at first I hated them, but they've grown on me.  Once I learned how to use them, I quite like them..And the bag is built to last. A few months of hard daily use and it still looks new. I expect to use it for quite a few years. 
Is it too big?
No, not at all. It fits my laptop, work clipboard/folder thing and my book comfortably. I had a Jansport before this, and it accomplishes the same thing. 
I couldn't decide between the one you have and the medium sized one, but I have been looking for this awesome corduroy model.
That looks really nice. .I will say the canvas of my bag is really nice. I imagine the corduroy will be if similar high quality. 
yours look like the denim version of the little america 
You're right. I said canvas, meant denim. 
Does anyone know of anything like the Jansport Pleasanton that's a little cheaper? $250 is out of my price range, but I love the wax cotton/leather look. Any ideas? I'll mostly be using it for carrying a macbook, iPad, and textbooks around the city.
there was a . about this last week
Must've missed that one. Thanks man!
I have a Custom Hide laptop bag. This is after a year or two of moderate wear.
I was thinking about getting a bag from there, as they seem like a quality, cheaper alternative to something like Saddleback, but I read in a bunch of forums that their customer service kind of blows and it takes forever to get your bag. Did you experience this at all?
I never had any issues, but I get the impression it's a small shop so it wouldn't surprise me if they get flustered when there's a lot going on. That being said, mine came relatively quickly from what I remember.
edit . from 
 says hi
How does the Everlane bag hold up?
i've had it since jan and used it everyday for classes. no stitches have come loose or anything, only a few fades - think denim fades - on the corners and edges where it rubs against tables and floors the most.
Is it big enough to fit a 13-15 inch laptop?
Yes. Up to 15.
fits my 14.1 fine, 15 will be snug but should be ok
The MW R6 is truly amazing. Its the future of backpacks, so innovative and customizable.
Is that everlane grey/charcoal or olive?
olive/ "military" - im not the best at taking properly colored pics
Hey, I was asking because I liked it. :) I think I might get that color.
how much $$$ was it?
65, link is right there
ah. missed it. thanks
How is the monty? I've been thinking about getting one to use on my bike commutes.
oh this is my bag shopping list atm, my bad.if the product details can be believed, it should be great for commuting in all sorts of weather, plus you can change the buckle color for a touch of customization
I've got one of those and it's awesome. I use it only when I'm biking or carrying a lot of stuff. 
I've got two bags that I use all the god damn time:
it arrives tomorrow, but I'm thinking about exchanging it for the .. I mean just look at 
let us know if the straps are comfortable
The leathers a bit stiff now so the straps aren't too comfortable, but I wouldn't say it's uncomfortable either. I think it just needs some breaking in
ty for following up!
I have this . that my SO gave me for christmas.  I use it at least once a month when we go to visit her family.  It fits both of our stuff for the weekend without a problem and so far has been very durable.  For trips where I'm alone (which happen rarely), I have the Odin NY x Target duffle bag..For school for the last 5 years I've been using . backpack.  If this wasn't the last month I would really need it, I would have bought another one.  The hole in the second picture goes into the main compartment.
What size of the flight bag do you own?
I believe it is the medium.
I was thinking about opening a small thread about it but since this thread is here, I might as well just ask here. I'm looking for a messenger bag that looks and feels light (summer-y?) but doesn't fall apart. Preferably canvas and/or leather. Needs to fit a laptop and a noteblock, not much more.
If you want something that can just fit laptop & notebook then . has a few offerings, I think . would work out
Yeah, that's the kind of thing I imagined.
so many stock pics. post your real bags
I have got this . for uni
Been using it about 2 months now, it's smaller than I expected, but still fits a fair damn bit. Material seems damn strong too.
I adore that logo. I almost want to buy it just for the logo.

link to the first one?

6... 6 hundred... .... 6 hundred and 85 dollars?!?!
That's what it says 
that is A LOT of money for a bag. granted, a very good looking bag. did you pay retail?
No of course not
thank_you_hyosung
Paid 160 shipped to some guy in mf buy and sell for it. .Just use it for carrying my laptop around and stuff. If I don't need to bring textbooks I'll use it for school. Very happy with it so far. Not worth the price for an objective point of view but I'm really happy with it personally and don't feel like I paid too much. Plus it's really safe at night lol. 
I picked up the . two Decembers ago. Love love love that backpack. So functional, comfortable, and looks pretty damn good for it's size. They seem to have a solid holiday sale every year, if that's of concern.
Herschel Supply Co .That shoe pocket is great. Only got it recently and used it to go to the gym a few times so I can't comment on its durability but it seems pretty nice so far.
tnf purple label is cool to me but dunno if that's just cause it's japan only, jansport heritage makes some decent looking "hiking" influenced bags that get overshadowed by the crap that is herschel
Porter does a lot of cool stuff. .Nah, purple label is cool because the designs are so much more interesting, it's not just that it's hard to get. 
I'm just curious, why do you think Herschel is crap?
I think i'm supposed to like herschel because it's a local brand but it's just so shit
This one in tan. Usually just keep my laptop in it.
.  I use my GR1 every day as a gym bag, for day hikes, workouts, trips anywhere that call for a pack.  I use the GR2 for weekend trips, camping, vacations, etc..Made in the USA, perfect layout, built like a tank and guaranteed forever.  I've put my GR1 through hell - a ., mud/obstacle course runs and more - and the thing always comes out unscathed.  Buy one.  You won't be disappointed. 
How many clothes could you pack in the GR2? Say you're going camping for a week. Would the GR2 work for that? 
If you're using the pack for JUST clothes and toiletries, I'd say "yes" - no question, as long as you pack lean and smart.  It's a large bag and really can hold a lot, but is not QUITE large enough to replace an internal frame "backpacking" bag if it needed to hold clothes AND supplies for a week.  I hope this helps!.FYI - The . post on their site has a lot of good pics and info to help get a sense of the size and utility of this pack
I own this .. I've had it for a year and a half and it's my go to travel bag. I've managed to pack a week's worth of clothes in this thing. Tons of space and have never had to check it at the airport. 

My daily bag is a .. I use it around campus and when I travel, and I'll use it when I start working. Go to . for sweet action shots..I used to use a super-lightweight ., but it wasn't great for hauling school stuff, so it's now used exclusively for hiking/climbing and trips to the gym.
How do you like the Rummy sizewise? 
Maybe a little big for my size
I have a . and I love it. They have tons of different sizes available too. They're nice because they're (mostly) waterproof so you know your laptop or other water sensitive objects will be ok if you get stuck in the rain. They were mainly designed for cyclists but anyone can rock one. The messanger bags have a seat belt clip that connects the strap too, really cool, and you can use it to open bottles!

You're going off to college but didn't want to directly ask about a change of pace with your backpack..I like the cut of your jib.
Saddleback leather all the way. 100 year warranty on every product
bro do you even cxl? 
?
Nice try, Dave Munson.
No. Im a student at the University of Wyoming.  I love my bag dearly. 
This site has a lot of great reviews of bags:.They also have some nice interviews with bag designers. I really liked the one with Tae Kim (., .) since my current favorite casual/sport bag is his ..
. Land's End, I've owned it since 6th grade and it's held up absolutely superbly (and has lifetime warranty just in case)..I've really been liking Mission Workshop bags though; it'd be for school and probably as a travel carryon as well. I like both the . and ., though I'm kind of leaning towards the backpack simply because a messenger won't be as good for travel as the backpack.
 Because I am tacticool and have a MOLLE fetish. Its sturdy and it fits my Macbook Pro. Also compression buckles everywhere.
 That I got off ebay for about $60. If I don't use my camera I empty the inside out and use it as a normal bag.
it's pretty.got a link or anything?
 one of the ebay listings. The company is called Courser and they make bags in different styles as well
ty
I picked up a . a few weeks ago in Europe. Really like it.
So expensive though
Found a few styles discounted 
 in tan. I love the quality of this bag.I use it for when i need to pack light for a night or a weekend. Everything from camping to my carry on when travelling. They are pricey, but I got a good deal on it from the Filson outlet.
Great backpack, durability, simplicity, custom print, canvas, and many different styles to choose from.. You have to search from a special retailer if you want to find those special prints.
.  I was one of the first people to buy one but it is now seemingly the default bag in my town.  Old men carry it too..I'm going to be tossing my McNair in the trash today because a brand new one of . was just delivered to my front door.
Had it about 3 months now, holding up well..Original 
Messenger bag I got off amazon years ago. It got slashed up for a student film.  I've made some modifications to the interior to make it more laptop-friendly and I waxed it about a month ago.  It's worn, ugly, and I 
This doesn't really fit the intentions of the thread but alas, I think this is one of the better places to present my bag dilemma. I'm looking for a leather holdall bag. I would like it to be all leather and very minimalist, just something that I can throw a weekends worth of clothing and toiletries in for a short trip. I would prefer the bag to have an exterior zip pocket for travel incidentals such as a passport or boarding passes but that is only a preference. My price range is also fairly open ended since I realize this is something that I could have for a good portion of my life and would use frequently. Thanks in advance!
 

.My messengerbag, use it for school stuff and everyday use. Gonna put a laptop in it eventually when the right one comes along..
Can I get a link to it?

I bought both of these on a recent trip to Florence, Italy. Both are Made in Italy. I personally much prefer buying local handmade goods, rather than branded. The items mean a lot more to me because they remind me of trips.
I've been using a . for the past ~1.5 years, it's held up pretty well and the canvas aged nicely,
My . should be arriving tomorrow. Bought it for college because I needed a new bag to hold a laptop. 
thinking of getting that, too. will probably pm you in a day or two to ask about your first impressions if you don't mind 
The bag came in yesterday. First impressions are that it is a sturdy, gorgeous, large bag. Won't be using it until September so this is strictly first impressions..Here are some . I took. All pics were taken with the bag containing all the items pictured so that the side picture with the bag closed can give you an idea of how thick it can get.
I'll be glad to help. Check this out too, which is what pushed me to buy it.
Thanks a lot for this. Bag looks great!
Don't have my own picture of it, but I use a blue lounge messenger bag. I love the thing and it feels indestructible, but for the size of the bag I wish it fit a little more stuff in it. 
 I got as a gift..I don't have any need to use a bag these days but when I do it's this because it's the only one I have..Edit: It's a great bag, I would recommend it
Filson heavy tote, which I use to shuttle around books, a laptop, a collapsable umbrella and a travel mug or water bottle. Owned it for 5 years, and it keeps getting better with age..I'll post pics in the morning.
this . is probably the nicest backpack ive seen. if only it wasn't sold out and if only i had $325 to spend on it....i just use this . and this . for school/everyday activities..this . for the gym/travelling. i wouldn't really recommend it unless you can get it on sale..this . just collects dust in my closet cuz i never use it.
Do you have any pictures of the jansport right pack?  I want to see how the viking red looks.
I LOVE your messenger bag, how much was it?
i think i got it for around 225? its the filson 257 in otter green if youre interested. check for deals on frugalmalefashion
thanks, I'll look into it.
how come you never use it? :(
its a pretty big and i'm 5'7 so it looks huge on me
i think so anyway aha
Picked up the . a couple of days ago. The quality is impeccable from what I see so far.
How long does it take to make a bag? I've often considered giving it a try. 
Well, now it takes me about 3-4 evenings with 2-3 hours each evening. In the start a couple of weeks. It isn't really that hard!
Budget/laptop size? 
Looking to spend between $100-200, and right now I have an iPad, but will most likely get a 13' MacBook Air. 
 is nice. 
Very nice. I might have to cop the blue or tan. 
why do these have the same logo 
.
EDIT: does that just mean they are made by Jansport? 
It's to fasten a carabiner/rope/anything that loops. They're very common.
Oh lol I thought it was a logo, and that i had unleashed a backpack conspiracy. 
Here is my daily (IT Consultant): Leyden and Sons Original Messenger 
just got . in the mail. I was worried about the PVC being more bluish than black but the whole thing looks so much better in person. 
ohh shit that looks good 
could you by any chance upload non stock pics when you got the chance? Im still deciding if i should pick one up or not .Edit: nvm i guess it sold out:/ 
BALLER $TATU$
probably on wednesday for recent purchases.
This is crazy dope, glad you went for it. 
woah what is that
haerfest shell backpack in black/gold.
thats incredible. do they pop up on b/s / ebay often?
never seen one on there. this is from their newest line and they're a pretty new brand so I'd be surprised if one came up anytime soon.
do you live in a cardboard box
umm no..
, almost 2 years of wear..pics with it . and 
I just got the same bag, haven't had much use of it yet tho. How is it? Have you had any problems with it?
it's holding up pretty well.  i put some waterproofer on the suede, so no problems there.  The suede did absorb quite a bit of indigo from rubbing against my jeans though.
[deleted]
Post pics and we'll find out
shipped out today
I want the CP backpack. That tote is beautiful.
That one is pretty sexy, wonder what the leather is like 
lol thought that was common projects x helmut lang 
whoops spelled it wrong lol thanks
Use it for class and whatever else I need. Everything in the pic fits neatly in the bag, it's waterproof, built really solidly out of a kind of tarp material on the inside, with a seatbelt strap with the buckle for a quick release. .I really like it, the quick release is god like for public transport and other situations in which you want to pop it off. 
I think you've convinced me to get one. Do they ever go on sale?
Yea I believe they do one or two big sales a year and that's about it so keep an eye out 
I've had mine for about 2 years now and its a pretty fucking incredible bag. Real durable and no signs of letting up any time soon. Only thing I dislike about it is how loud the velcro is when I'm opening the flap. It's as if it wants everyone to know I just arrived late to a lecture. 
i've had one of these for 5 years running. love the durability and the buckle. does the asymmetry ever bother your shoulders?
what headphones.senn something
Sennheiser HD280 pro.Really good sound for only like $100
Really good quality, too. I ran sound with them for a few years about 8 years ago and mine are still in great condition.
I like this . and black nike cheyenne.
 I always wear a black nike backpack kinda like . 
Is the Cheyenne discontinued or something?
idont know, but the only one i find on the site is the nike id version  
 that's real moisture repellence .carried daily to and from work with all my shit in it. couldn't be happier
Do you hate your shower?
What?
i use a . for uni/daypack and some rando REI duffle bag for traveling etc. they're not really pretty but they're #functional as anything so i like em
why do you need the hashtag before functional, I just don't get it.
jdbee eat your heart out
[deleted]
Damn, I was too late to order one.
don't know about the goat but switching it for calf was probably a good idea. just got a calf dr and it's like armour in comparison to lamb.
I am jelly
cool what is it.is that suede?
[deleted]
awesome i've always wanted to see one non-stock pic
Look at the top of his head. Now look at the shower spout. Now look back at the top of his head. Now realize that pollen is tall as hell. 
I am super tall, but thankfully that's not my shower and I was staying at a friends house. 
Okay, yeah. I see it.
what is this a picture for ants?

I'm on mobile, I didn't check the size. Just Google it. .edit: . since people seem to care so much
Might get the Cote et Ciel rucksack
Dat sack is 
But it's not even sewn by a middle-aged woman from Maine
because that way everyone knows im trill
I don't even know what that means. 

exactly

what. the. fuck.
THE WORLD WANTS LIL B MUSIC - LIL B
Fuck Dora, Caillou.
When I'm traveling by myself (ie, not packing for kids), I always bring the same two bags - . I know from experience that the duffle can hold about four weeks of clothes (with a lot of re-wearing of course) and the briefcase holds a 17" laptop, iPad, books, and cords.  They're heavy bags in the first place and hold so much that it can really be tiring to lug them around, but it's worth it not to look like a dork with a wheelie case.. I remember posting a picture of the duffle bag fully loaded in one of the big review threads, but the search box can't seem to find the thread.
How big is the 258 briefcase? How much more space is left after the laptop, iPad, and cords are in?
Boots?
Great looking bag. The navy color is really cool too. 
how much would you say the duffle weighs?
Empty?  Probably 7-8 lbs.  fully packed with clothes, it's about 40-45.
thanks!
holy shit
Alden Indy 403s.
Are you comfortable disclosing the percentage of your discretionary income that is spent on clothes and fashion? I'm 20 years old without a significant source of income (yet) and am pretty envious of a lot of the products you and other users showcase.
Not that much, really.  My philosophy is to buy fewer, better things, so I tend to spend maybe $200 on something every other month or so.  
For some reason, the search box ignores threads posted by deleted accounts even though the threads themselves still exist. It's dumb. Thankfully, all the reviews are still linked from the wiki. . is the comment you're looking for.
Alden Indy 403's with cream laces exchanged for the stock brown. 
They look nice
God knows how much books, food, and random shit I have in my bag atm. . .

I also have the Pleasanton [.] and it holds everything I regularly carry pretty well. The construction feels solid and it seems like it will hold up well to the abuse I will inevitably put it it through.
Deets on the crib in the last pic
this is the bag I have been looking for.
Is the leather full grain? 
I am actually unsure..It does have a distinctive aroma to it, however. . ..Edit: I font think so.
damn, I was hoping it was. has the leather on yours gotten scuffed at all?
Oh yea saucy. .I added a couple of photos, include some details about the leather. 
Nah, it hasn't scuffed yet. Had it for more than a month now. 
Loooks really good on ya!
I'm jealous. I was seriously considering buying one but $210 is a pretty big leap. Apparently Ryan Gosling has one... So that makes it cool. 
shit that's a nice looking bag
Good guy Ryan Gosling just needed a container to carry around all the soiled undergarments being thrown at him on the street so that kids wouldn't see the mess that followed him everywhere he went.
do you have three arms
shoulder strap
J Crew Factory's "Thompson" suits often come down to $200 or so during their frequent sales. They're really good for the price, 100% wool, cut fairly slim with high armholes. Lapels are cut kinda skinny though. I've got one and I'm pretty satisfied. 
Macy's Bar III is a standard recommendation for cheap slim suits. They're almost always on sale for around $300. If you can afford to go above $400, there are better options.
Today's Jcrew sale is on clearance stuff, so it's going to be a random selection of sizes and an lot of out of season stuff. They're doing a different sale every day though. .There's a thread over on . about the Nordstrom sale with recommendations. Seems like a good opportunity to pick up some AE shoes in particular. 
Thanks!
I like Superfeet Black, one of their slimmer insoles..For your shoes though, I think they just need to be broken in. The leather will soften and the insole should flatten and mold to your feet. 
I always remove the fabric insole of shoes like that, just because I wear em without socks and the insoles get mad sticky and smelly.


unionmade isn't really my kind of store but whatever ill bite
agreed that their shoe selection is sorta limited.
 . . . . . . 
was gonna say I really didn't agree with the shoes until i saw the other colours, i think grey would work well.
As long as we're going fantasy, I want to see fit pics of this. Mostly for the pants.
The outfit might be slightly busy, but it could be pretty neat actually.
i mean they've got a great selection of like aldens and boots and stuff but not really the kinda shoes i'd be interested in buying tbh
its lovely stuff, just all kinda similar in style.

needs hat

Linen shirt with all that heavy stuff?


Shirt is cool, hard to think of outfits it would work with in real life. .y no espadrilles?
Espadrilles would have worked too, but I've been wearing espadrilles a lot and was looking for something different.
On my phone, apologies about using pic stitch. Fun way to kill an hour, sorry I missed out on the ssense thread. . (Again sorry bout PicStitch). (Would be better with GBV red linen tablecloth shirt)
Cabourn.J Press.Orslow.Tender
My favorite one.
Very coherent, very Americana
really boring, but maybe something I'd really wear:
Belichick jr? kidding but seriously really like that pullover
lol I thought it was a kind of a coach look..me too. I'm thinking hard about picking it up. Maybe if it gets discounted further.
My favorite of the bunch. 
yeah baby that ss is so great.I was thinking about maybe trying to find a Battenwear, but I just might break down and go for this one. Really cool stuff.
This is neat, like the shades involved
that next 30% off

.

I am a boring man..It's winter here in AU and I would fucking love one of those macs.

Belt works nice. Pants and shoes might blend a bit too much though.

Shoes were a pleasant surprise.
This is cool


 . . . 
so good
Would happily substitute in anything for MHL Margaret Howell pieces.
aw, this is beautiful. very nicely done.
Such great taste Syek, applause.
Great combo, feels like French workwear. 
.
That jacket is so great. Same with the shirt. 
the shirt looks like cheetah on acid
Use a leather conditioner on them occasionally.
And don't walk through fires.
Converse Jack Purcell's.Converse All Star Chuck Taylor's
Superga 2750? Probably not as much support as you're after though
the full grain belt is nice looking, but looks off paired with the strands. the huge buckle is just a little too much.
It's definitely not an exact match. The buckle is the one that came with the belt. It can be swapped out for another.
Sorry but those are kind of ugly; black loafers are really not versatile either. You're almost limited to suits with a perfectly on point fit to make them work..Also, don't buy items that you don't know how to incorporate.
Also, check out scoop necks. You can get them at Asos, Topman, and H&M.
Hanes slim-fit (from Target)
These?:
Thanks!
I second these
2xist makes the best deep V, it's very very deep and made of a great lightweight material. They're not cheap but worth the splurge.
I'll check them out thanks!
Express v necks, I can leave the top two button of my shirts unbutton and slim fitting. 
uniqlo airism
I second this. Best product ever for its price range. If budget is really an issue standard uniqlo cotton undershirts will do as well, the cutting is roughly the same.
I do really like them as undershirts, both for the material and deeper than average V, but I will warn that I can't quite unbutton two buttons without the shirt showing. There are some places that specifically make super deep Vs but I don't know of any with the same price range or technical material. 
jeans are not formal. at all. the connotations of the jeans means you can never wear them in anything other than casual contexts
I really don't like with how the jeans are presented in the article, because even with a white button down, jeans aren't formal in any way. You would never show up to a business meeting in jeans, right? Even in the picture, the guy is wearing his shirt untucked, with the sleeves cuffed. Very casual. .That said, to generally get a better look in jeans, the most important thing is fit (as mentioned in the article). After that, the most widely accepted "good-looking" jeans around here are dark indigo (preferably raw), like what is shown in the picture. With certain looks, light and faded jeans look great, but the safety option is that darkness.
Dark, unfaded, straight indigo jeans with a proper length inseam are easier to dress up. They're really only a hair away from navy chinos in formality, in my opinion..A light wash, fades, heavy tapering, and stacking/cuffing all contribute to making jeans more casual..EDIT: Looking at this guide more closely, I don't think it's very good. I take issue with bits of advice in points 1,2,3,5, and 7.
[deleted]
Yes but I'm asking specifically about what makes jeans more formal. What sets casual jeans from formal ones?
Thanks. I'm gradually transitioning to a more formal look and coming for a very casual jeans an a T-shirt, I think a dark blue one with a folded long-sleeved button-down shirt would be a huge step forward. Once I'm there then I'll look into something more formal.
No problem! Definitely check out the sidebar for really helpful info. If you have more questions, the Simple Questions and Outfit Feedback threads would be the best place for them. Good luck, man!
You seem to really like the word formal.  I think what you are looking for is a more grown up casual look.  Formal wear is a tuxedo, you aren't blending the realms of casual and formal.
You're exactly right, I'm 23 and I'm sick of my childish look and want to look more presentable.
ServerOfJustice has the right idea. The more your jeans look like a pair of navy chinos, the better. Or just go for navy chinos. I find them to be more comfortable than jeans anyways, and don't look that dressy.
Oh man I feel your pain. I have pretty much the same stats as you. I do wear button ups, but they're always slim fit xs from brands that tend to cut smaller. You just have to accept that most brands aren't going to work for you, so search until you find a couple that do and stick with them..And sometimes, I admit, I deliberately shrink clothes in the dryer. That's how I've got my Levi's 511 jeans to fit pretty well.
Not to be like demeaning or anything, but have you tried kids/teen clothes for dress shirts etc? I mean if you have a job interview or something. .Otherwise, yeah man, jeans/tee isn't something to shy away from, it's a good casual look. Also you could use your lack of size to get some sweet stacks on your jeans. .Also you could embrace the baggy look with some Yohji style stuff. 
well for business casual stuff in slim fit try getting a pair of levis 511 or 510 in a business casual color and material (khaki brown navy etc) in your waist size with whatever length is closest to yours. if you have to choose between an inch shorter or an inch longer, go for longer. if it's longer then you can hem the inseam, or Cuff the pants(my preference).for shirts always go Slim Sit stuff in Small or Extra Small. also consider looking in the Teens section..for suits honestly get something from suit supply or indochino and get it tailored, you have to do this with most off the rack suits anyway..from what you're saying you seem to have casual stuff down..also please post a pic, it really helps :)
Try to get things tailored. Dress shirts and chinos don't fit perfectly for many people, and slimming them down is a very common alteration.
hey just fyi april77 makes really tight jeans in tiny sizes (26 and up).probs better quality than hot topic, they have raws too
H&M has some pretty super slim fit stuff, and this is coming from a guy who's only got a few inches and pounds more than you. I've seen size 26 in jeans before (but not pants). And try their size XS "collar 165/84A" then shrink it, it should fit well..Also consider ASOS, which has size 27 and XXS  this should definitely fit.
Just a thing I just discoverd:.Uniqlo GB seems to ship outside of UK:.Outside UK.IIRC, they didn't use to offer outside UK-shipping for a long time. So, maybe we're lucky and they just established it. I'm in the same boat as you are (Germany), so I'm quite happy at the moment..Edit:.Damn, should have read the hole thing:.No Belgium, i'm sorry, OP! :/
Can I just point out that Uniqlo is basically good because it's cheap? If you have to pay a lot extra to get their stuff, there's probably going to be better stuff out there. 
I'm just interested in the underwear, the AIRism looks appealing.
AIRism underwear is honestly not that great in my experiece, it's OK as long as you can get it super cheap. If you have access to underwear that is micro modal like . or these by ., they are much more comfortable. AIRism boxer briefs are mostly polyester which doesn't breathe as well imo.
There are several proxy-services on Sufu, I used one which was free and it worked perfectly. Even though shipping was 20.
Canadian here; your best bet would be to use a shipping forwarder service, that or find another redditor that wouldn't mind being a middle man for you
Might be worth looking on ebay, if not find a proxy. Might be better to find someone UK/Europe based as shipping will be cheaper and no customs..A member on styleforum/superfuture offers a free uniqlo uk proxy:

Ahh yeah, this is exactly what I'm looking for. Thanks a lot!
Use a forwarding service like shipito.com  .Use their address in the US (Usually free to get it to the warehouse), then have it forwarded to your address @ $8 handling fee + selection of shipping services.  .I'm in Aus and that's how I get US only stuff. 
[deleted]
so brave
Im offically old. What...is....that..
Fuck that these things need to be killed with fire to be safe.
Really? This is the modern day hammer pants.. Fashion does repeat itself. Hammer pants are slightly better than these.. 
What exactly is your point? Maybe your goal is to successfully fit in if you were suddenly thrown back in time sometime during the last 100 years, but maybe OP is not so worried about unexpected causality violating events that he's unwilling to try something different.
My point is that they are ridiculous and are a fad. Fuck it, I'll own up to the fact that they are hideous.  Nothing about it says style. Next up, backward jeans a la kriss kross.
I could say the same thing about NBs,  bucket hats and Dad jeans.  That'd be just my opinion though,  and I don't feel the need to volunteer it unsolicited. .Do you.  Let OP do the same. Why the need to provide unconstructive criticism? 
m8 why dont you say why you dont like it instead of just bagging on it with no explanation
[deleted]
oi m8 i sware on me mums life ill hook ye in the gabber..but for real though if you're going to say you dont like something at least say why not. makes you look like a jerk, but im sure beneath that crusty interior there's a heart of gold..edit: homophobia is always in style, and anyway i liked the "m8" :(
whats your price range? otherwise rick owens
haha rick is way out of my price range right now. I would say at max I would wanna spend $100
iloveugly track pants
i looked at those too but the fit isn't really as close to the picture as I'd like it to be
i mean im not really a goobninja expert, you could look at some of the guides or ask in simple questions tonight. iloveugly and voidthebrand are about the extent of my brand knowledge excluding designers like boris, dick, julius, etc. and crap like fabrixquare. sorry m8
something along . without the pretentiousness of tumblr (could use a lighter colour combo).. is a pretty standard combo. maybe swap out the tie and cut-away collar for just an ocbd
nuh uh.... save this outfit for an evening jazz recital or a wine tasting event of DRC verticals at a posh hotel. This dinner is at a dusty working farm, outdoors on unpaved grass or gravel. My parents have gone to a couple of the well-known Outstanding in the Field events (they're popular in Cali) and judging from their pix it's very very laid back. Because the crowd is mostly older ppl (age 40+) you see lots of Tommy Bahama's, RL-Lacoste polo's & various s/s fashion shirts. Even at tasting fetes in Napa or Santa Barbara you rarely see guys dressed up in blazers and dress shoes..I'd go with dark denim and a s/s chambray shirt. A l/s flannel is fine too, especially if the temps dip into the 60's in the evening.
Interesting input, glad I came back to check for any new comments. So, you are saying something like . should be OK?
that's on point (although the cut should be slimmer and less baggy).... you could also do L/S, especially since you're up near Seattle and it gets cool in the evening. Any of the gazillion checked & plaid shirts offered at J. Crew would work.
Remember it's Seattle so you can get away with pretty casual. If you wear a blazer you'll be better dressed than most attendees, I'd be willing to bet. 
Yeah, that is very true. I like what . posted, and am leaning toward something like that minus the blazer.
Is that the current definition of formal?
Not at all, I just used "formal" for a lack of a better word. The point I was trying to make was that I wasn't just heading out to a friend's or family member's farm to hang out, but that this is a public event you buy tickets too..I apologize for any confusion.
No problem, just checking. I'm old and definitions keep changing faster than I can keep up with.
Made em myself. 
Some leather made by local 
Look up etsy. There are thousands on there for less than $5.
For example, this bracelet costs about 25 cents, but ends up at about $5 with the shipping: 
I have the one in black.For what it's worth, I play bass.
How's the quality? I played bass in my first band and my mom used to play upright bass in school, so I wanted to get a couple for us, for her birthday.
I like it, and it stays on and everything. The only thing that stinks is that with wear and tear, the black finish rubs off and reveals a bronze-ish color underneath. You might have better luck with the silver one
A watch is the only type of bracelet that a male should ever be advised to wear - my opinion.
Aww, c'mon. I wear a different bracelet every day. Just one would not be appropriate..If you're looking for masculine bracelets, Etsy is your friend...
If you are looking for a masculine bracelet, consider a watch. 
Look up Miansai, you will not be disappointed. 
i understand paying for quality, but whotf is charging $85 for a piece of leather and metal?? .and not only that, it's a . piece of leather, and a . piece of metal, that isn't rare.ps: incredibly disappointed after looking around. pieces of cord, which may or may not be unique given no extra info other than a picture, attached to a metal anchor/hook for $85? come on
some videos on how they make them, silver, handmade, custom cord, etc, i guess that's why they are expensive: 
definitely makes it more justifiable but still...so expensive in my eyes..i figure if they have such a wide spread of available pieces they must be doing well, so they probably are good. i've got to see this stuff in person.
You can get similar styled bracelets for much cheaper, so yeah, you may actually be disappointed.
don't imo
I have this .. From the people who brought you Yuketen/Monitaly. I don't really wear it, seems kind of clunky for me. I kind of want a Miansai but I'm not really sure I'd wear that either. I used to like Kiel James Patrick but following him on Tumblr has kind of driven me crazy. 
I bought this one three days ago. Is my first one. 
Why are they so cheap? They don't look like they're on sale and the cost of the bracelet can't possibly be as low as 25 cents.
I would imagine it is because, at least from the link above, they are from Taiwan.  
Probably low quality leather
But I suppose low quality leather is fine for simple casual use, unlike the leather on shoes etc
Yeah, for infrequent wear it will be fine. If you want it to be an everyday wear piece you probably want to get a higher quality
Ah, you have a point. I wish there were a guide for bracelets, but I guess bracelets are along the lines of accessories/jewellery, and most of MFA focuses on getting the basics right.
Well the thing is, most of the time the advice here is to keep your wrists less busy, like one item max. 
What's the actual point of wearing bracelets?
To add to your own sense a style. A little bit of flair. Sentimental value. To each, his own reason. 
Made straight from china, no people in between. I've bought one about 1 year ago and it has help up beautifully for a 25c bracelet
Wow, same price after a year. The shipping cost is horrendous though, 6-7 USD for a tiny bracelet, unless I buy them in bulk. May I have a picture to see how they held up?
Still, it ends up cheaper than buying an overpriced kjp bracelet. The guy can probably do combined shipping as well. Here is my etsy anchor bracelet after a year, you can't see much but whatever!: 

Thanks! It still looks pretty good. Quality doesn't really matter for bracelets since it's not functional, buying in bulk seems to be a good idea!
I really like this one, but the light brown doesn't contrast with my Asian skin, which has a similiar color (I think coffee brown is best for me). Well, ton of other options on etsy, not sure about the quality though.
Lately, I've been eyeing the 3-strand rope bracelets from .. They're simple and fairly cheap, too, at only $12.
I made . a few weeks ago when I was bored. what it looks like on my hand. 
 Sister made it for me - magnetic too!
I vary, but mostly something like this:.(I make them myself).
Where do you buy the "hook" attachments? I'm considering getting crafty with a few.  
Ebay! I just search for S-clasp or S-hook. 
My Tanner Goods natural wristband. About 3 weeks of daily wear. 
if you're going to wear something like that you might as well just wear a watch
Why?
its a leather strap like most watches
what if i don't a watch, but a sweet wristband?
um
Guys, you all know you want to make 
string, leather cord, giles & brother skinny railroad spike.
that railroad spike is really rad. do you have anything stamped on it?
Just my initials. 'dwb' - I really dig g&b stuff and Philip crangi is such a badass. 
I've never succumbed to bracelets (save for that one summer in eighth grade) but here's some popular brands I haven't seen mentioned:
great picks
corter leather ring and hook bracelet in natural. got it yesterday. 

I really like the smooth look to it. Always wanted a leather bracelet. 
It's well worth it for $34. Looks, feels and smells great
really don't get why someone would down-vote that.(other than for shitz and giggles)
.
You made that right? I really like that shit. I've got some dumb beaded thing that I made that I wear and this makes me want to make a leather thing too.
yeah, I did. thanks man.
How did you make the bracelet? I really want to make one myself.
I had a scrap left over when I . so I cut a narrow strip off, folded the ends over to make the loops, superglued them down (heh) and wrapped string over them and tied off. Then I used some vice grips to bend a nail into the S shape I wanted. Filed off the tip of the nail and then passed it through the loops.
How did you get the correct length you wanted to account for where the nail would be put? e.g. wrist circumference minus 1 inch.
yeah, pretty much that. I mostly eyeballed it but I did bend the nail first to figure out the length of the leather.
Okay cool. Thanks! Do you mind if I ask the width and dye color you used?
the width is like 1/4 of an inch. and the dye i used was fudge brown.
I'm working in Life Coaching supporting group, one member and friend (who achieve much progress in my care), made me this .... and gave it to me as a gift; she says I am an angel for her and other 10 souls.
So that story is like, instant sex when you tell it to women, right?.'Cause it should be.
LOL, I did not test it yet.
That is one badass bracelet. 
Thanks :D
Holy fuck that is a sick bracelet.
Thanks! :)
Shameless plug. Im wearing one made by my girlfriend. She makes nautical themed bracelets and sells them on etsy. . .In honor of this bracelet thread she is doing a reddit exclusive sale. Coupon code: REDDIT10  
These bracelets are more expensive than others like it on Etsy. Is this due to responsible labor, high- quality materials, or both?
She uses a much higher quality cotton rope than most others. It is all hand spun and hand dyed. The quality is similar to that of Kiel James Patrick.
Got it, thanks. And what about the leather?
The suede is split cow hide leather and the braided leather cord is faux leather.
Thanks for all the info.
This is great! I've actually been looking for something like this for a while. 
Thank your girlfriend for me for that reddit exclusive coupon. I'm picking up two. 
I've hated a lot of the pics in here. I wear no bracelets myself (it screams highschooler/college freshman/manboy to me). I'm not a huge fan of nautical themed things..But those are some really nice bracelets and I've bookmarked it for later. 
it's kind of huge
I know, and it doesn't help that my wrists are super tiny. .But I made it and I genuinely like it, so on the wrist it goes. 

I have both the skulls and the red leather one and like them a lot.
Looks cool and not too pricey, just picked one up!
These look surprisingly all right for a skull bracelet
i'm a friend of alex's and i've been wearing his bracelets for over a year. (as well as my girlfriend, her brother & a few of my friends. they've always held up pretty well. occasionally the gem eyes will fall out but the skulls end up developing a really awesome wear
How's the quality on those? I've been meaning to cop a couple
quality is good. The skulls feel really nice and the stretch to the string is strong(?). Definitely worth $15. 
I've got one too. They're good quality, certainly worth the price. Not a fan of his leather braided bracelet though. It's cool, but sending your true wrist size makes it literally impossible to put on by yourself because of the clasp. You'd need to add some to the measurement to even give yourself a chance of putting it on yourself.
Can't speak to those specifically (but been thinking about getting one), but just keep in mind that there's no such thing as buy-it-for-life elastic. Eventually the string will get shitty; it's just a matter of time.
In my personal experience, the band tore after a few months, so not great. This could have been because of about how I had been wearing it, but I still would not buy one again.
idk, I think . has one so ask him
I have 2 of them and they are pretty nice. Ive had them for about 3 months and theyre still fine after everyday wear. If you order one follow the measuring guidelines. I ordered my first one too big because i didnt think they could stretch very much, but they do.
I've got the smaller sized bone colour with red inserts, mine seemed to have kinda grayed a little with wear, I haven't been babying them or anything so that might be why. Other than the slight colour change everything else is great.
FYI: I was looking at the caramel color at size 11. My budget is 200$ max.
What's the general idea you're going for? Because chinos will go with just about any shoe you can think of..Are you looking for more oxford style or more casual? Is this for a business casual (chinos and a button-up) or for hanging out a bar?
Oxford style for business casual.
If having new isn't necessary you can try eBay or thrift stores for the higher tier brands as around $330 or so is the seemingly lowest that quality leather and craftsmanship starts at. And even then, the leather isn't amazing, it's just good. So this is where your personal value judgments come into play..Now if you want new, I'd suggest Johnston & Murphy or Meermin for $200. J&M isn't the greatest, but it'll get the job done. Meermin is a Spanish brand that has a fairly extensive buying process (international shipping and all), use the search function to find more information on purchasing Meermin if that's your cup of tea.
You're almost exactly right about the three choices for dinner jacket color:  black, midnight blue, and a white (or, more appropriately, .-white) jacket with black pants. If it is a daytime wedding in a non-tropical clime, grey is also acceptable, albeit only in some circumstances (which I'm not really familiar with; read up on morning formalwear). Since this is an August wedding, a cream jacket may be appropriate, especially if it's outdoor and you live somewhere near the Tropics. Otherwise, I'd stick to black or midnight blue, though I believe Men's Wearhouse only offers tuxedos in the former..If you really want to be different (which isn't a bad thing by any means), I would suggest wearing suits rather than tuxes. Buying an inexpensive suit that each groomsman has tailored to his body will look infinitely better than renting sack-suits from MW, and gives you many, many, many more choices in color and texture, with the added benefit of keeping the garment afterward. Just don't buy from Men's Wearhouse, and . get your suit tailored there if you do.
Are you close to the groom? You might have better luck getting him on your side, if he has any interest in his own wedding. Then again he might not care. 
You know the reason for the holocaust was a brown tux... And white tube socks with boat shoes 
No...just no. .Show her this picture. 
Does your sister work for UPS or something?
Yeah I definitely think the suits would be way better for what she is going for.  It's supposed to be "rustic", not like shitting in the woods but my mom is snatching up vintage Ball jars for vases and the location is a re-purposed historic barn..edit: also my older sister apparently got a tux deal from MW for her wedding at a bridal show that cut the rental to $50 per person.  I don't really remember that but that's why they want MW.
With that atmosphere, I'd definitely recommend suits, rather than tuxedos, if you can swing it. Since it's a summer wedding, . might be ., but if you want to lean toward the conservative a little bit more (understandable for a wedding), I would suggest something like .. The texture of the suit is where you can make an impact: I would avoid a plain brown (who wants to look like a chocolate bar?), and pinstripes often look tacky. .Anyway, best of luck to you! My dad's getting remarried this August, and I've had my share of back and forth about the tuxedo (no, a vest, a long tie, and notch lapels do . look good, Jesus tits); I feel your pain.
Brown tuxedos make Jesus weep.  Tell your sister this.
I think only . can make a brown tuxedo look good..Edit: I don't mean for this to be offensive to the OP's sister.
That tuxedo also works because the fabric is velour.
You're right. I think I'm just obsessed with his . ... 
1) Why is the bride deciding what the groomsmen are wearing? I can understand her having a voice, but "[your] mother says it's her decision"? What?.2) Why does your sister want this?.3) Yes, anything other than black or midnight blue is unacceptable for a dinner suit. White jacket with black trousers is fine as well. You are correct, sir; stand firm in that conviction..4) Is this going to be a daytime wedding? Because, if so, you should really just get brown suits - you'll be breaking zero rules that way, whereas you'd be breaking two biggies with her plan..Have you tried talking to your sister about this? Explain the existence of rules, and try to turn her onto something that looks slightly less absurd. (I presume you're a groomsman?) Look at the . and the sidebar link. And if it's a daytime wedding go for brown suits - or even (radical idea) trust the groomsmen to dress themselves..Good luck!
you will quite literally look like shit.
All I can say is that . is how she imagines it'll look, and . is how it will look. .Good luck, but you're going to have a hard time winning this one. Women are often guilty of thinking that because they're women, they know what looks good on a man more than a man does. Often they're probbaly right, but a brown tux for a wedding? No. I'm surprised she wants tuxes at all, to be honest. Nice navy or charcoal suits will probably fit in better anyway..As for your mom's comment... You can order sleeveless camo suits if you look hard enough. .Also, Men's Warehouse? :c
Well for a wedding where else did you expect them to get tux's?
They have a market share for your exact reason but there are many other options.  Last time I rented a tux for myself it was not at Men's Warehouse.  Weddings sadly I have rented a few from there because I had no choice.
I understand they look pretty bad but I wouldn't even know where else go rent one if I had to
Brown tuxedos are a tragedy.
brown tuxedos will make you look like someone's dad's embarrassing prom picture from the 70s
Almost any backpack will look out of place with formal attire. So keep that in mind..For that budget, your options are severely limited. Try Jansport, Herschel, Everlane. Although I'm sure these are available in the UK. The simpler a pack you have the less attention it'll pull from your outfit.

May be a bit over what you're looking for, but I love mine. They hold a lot and are sturdy, but flexible. 
Looks like jack purcells.
Excellent. Thanks a bunch!
grey canvas plimsolls, check vans or converse
I'd like to think that men's are generally wider, but I really have no idea. 
Try uniqlo, they have a bunch assortment of ties.
Gap, Polo Brooks Bros, J. Crew. Nearly everywhere that's "preppy" 
J crew Stanton.
GAP is preppy?  I always thought it was supposed to be a 'cheap' clothing store
It's not as cheap as Asos/Hm/Zara, it's a balance of more expensive and higher quality. They will all have shorts. I've have two pairs and they've lasted a year now.
Blah...got excited about this website until I read that they only ship within the US. Guess ill stick with Asos.
I like the Vans jacket.  It seems more versatile.
I don't have any advice, but I'd like to piggy back the topic and ask a question..Those Brixton jackets looks pretty nice and inexpensive too. Which would be the best to get for the coming fall and winter. I'm moving to the Virginia area (from Florida) and I don't have much cold weather stuff. 
I like them both. I just want to add that I have a shirt from Brixton. Got it in a sale somewhere for 30 and it's still great after.. two years I think.
Brixton is a very . jacket, but it's absolutely versatile and will look pretty good with most everything come fall/winter. I personally like the vans - I'm a sucker for grey melange with tan buttons - and I think you could do cooler things with it..Brixton has a hood, too.
Yeah, +1 on the Vans.
Thanks, I actually think I might get both of them. Since during the fall and winter a lot of what you see are just people's jackets. It'd be nice to have two good ones. 
You might want to try the weekly buy/sell/trade thread over at ..
you could try selling them on ebay but i dont really know the market for those 
If theres a shop where you can sell clothes, like Crossroads Trading, do that..We have about 10 Crossroads stores in SF bay area, but I'm not sure about elsewhere
Jos is not well known for their high quality so I doubt they'd sell much for Ebay. 
Donate them.  No one wants to buy a used Jos A Bank suit from a few years ago that was tailored to fit you.  
Eh, I was hoping for something simpler than eBay. Shipping and whatnot is a pain. 
uh i cant really think of anything but then again im not the most imaginative person either, id advise posting this in the simple questions thread and seeing if anybody has any ideas
Most likely, yes.
There are some great guides out there that get into the specifics of what can be done. The basic version is if it fits in the shoulders, it can be altered within reason. There are some issues with sleeve length that are difficult especially with functional button holes and some other limits, but the shoulders are key. If you look anything like me (I recently lost 30-40lbs), you're probably gonna need a new suit. .J.Crew and SuitSupply are highly recommended around here. .You could always post some pictures for some more input. 
Thanks!
Atrium, Hickoree's, Blue In Green, J Crew Liquor Store, Barney's all have elements of those listed. A good number of brands carried at Unionmade, etc. each have their own small boutique in NYC or are stocked in a smaller store.  For example, there's a Carhartt WIP store in SoHo, the only physical location in the US. LeftField NYC doesn't have a physical store, but is stocked at Hickoree's and other places.   
Do you know if Hickoree's carries a wider selection than what they put on their site?
You forgot opening ceremony and odin
Yes. Yes I did. 
its okay i forgive u
I saw a "Left Field NYC" down in the LES last weekend, it was closed so I didn't check it out.  Im assuming thats not the same thing?
There's a bar in LES named Leftfield, but as far I've never seen any physical store.  If you check out their "stockist" section of the website, you'll get a list of stores that carry them, but no other indication there's an actual store. It's disappointing because I've only found bits and pieces of their clothes strung out over the city. 
Ive only been once and that was to their sample sale a while ago. It's a small space so I'd be surprised if everything was there, but I don't know. I was kinda let down, bit that might have just been bc of the sample sale selection. 
mint green, purple and red can all go with walnut brown. Have you considered that? I understand you're trying to break the mold here though. 
This is another example of what I'm looking for, though unfortunately this shoe style is women's only: 
Walnut brown I have, but I think that works much better with my grey pants. Just personal taste.
ask in the simple questions thread
Did that, but I'm not sure this qualifies as a simple question, since it involves relatively uncommon color/textures. :)
Are you me? I'm 5'7" 128 lbs and I have no butt. I also own boys' large size boxers from Target, but they're Fruit of the Loom. Anyway, I really like . in size small. They're definitely more expensive than the multi-packs of boxers from Target, but I think they're worth it.
Couple questions:
What's your waist size?
Do the inner legs ride up super badly? I always have that problem with boxer briefs with short inseams. My Old Navy boxerbriefs are way better than my banana republic ones, just for that exact reason. 
My waist is 28-29. I have to wear a belt all the time. The inner legs ride up, but not a ton. I like old navy, but their products aren't great quality. 
Yeah, the ON fabric is a JOKE compared to the BR fabric, but ultimately the ONs are still more comfortable. 
My true waist size is 29 (measured at the thinnest part of my torso right above my belly button). I usually end up wearing size 28 jeans (e.g., Levi's 511) because of my relatively small butt..I guess the inner legs ride up a slight bit, but I imagine that happens on all boxer briefs to a certain extent. YMMV, but I find them quite comfortable.
Awesome, thanks much, I'll probably try a few. :) 
Calvin Klein... Bold. Trunks. Boxers... Boxer briefs.. Bad. Trunks good. Amazing. 
airism by uniqlo. if you wanna spend $$$ on one or two out of those ten look into ex officio 
ive heard uniqlo underwear is pretty decent
girls dig boxers
Only so they can wear them when they're over...
[deleted]
are you twelve.fakedit: reviewed your comment history, signs point to yes
you are an ass aren't you. 
My 2 favorite brands for boxer briefs are PRL and Bread and Boxers (with the latter being my favorite, but it's pricier...PRL can be had for a good price at the outlet stores). 
Yeah, time to move off of boxers. Boxer briefs and trunks are the way to go.
I prefer Calvin Klein, mostly for their micro modal material. It's ridiculously soft and smooth and the shirts always get stolen by whomever I'm dating. The underwear is nice for the same reason. It can be found online on sale, Nordstrom will have a bunch next week in the Anniversary Sale.
I'd recommend just buying a bunch of different stuff during that sale and seeing what sticks. Material matters, though. I'll only wear regular cotton for working out (and boxers for sleeping.)
You want good underwear? Look no further than the British brand . my friend. They've been doing it since 1860 so I'd say they've pretty much perfected their craft..All their clothes are so luxuriously soft it's incredible. I can't wear any other underwear or T-shirts/polo shirts.
lol just get some boxer briefs and call it a day.
What kind of haircut do you have right now?
Leather shoes. Don't trip over yourself, there's plenty of time to wear suits every day when you're in your late 20's. 
Pretty short, but it gets curly as it grows. I usually keep it short and relatively straight..No facial hair mainly because I can't grow anything that's neat and good looking.
Well, it sounds like your haircut is mature enough. Sometimes people come here with Bieber-style hair and that makes them look quite young. .It might help to change the style of your clothes, but without a picture it's hard to make any specific recommendations.
Jeans T-shirts, polos? Dude... you're 21. You're okay to wear those things. You are not 40.
Wait you aren't supposed to wear polos when you're 40?
Someone needs to tell my work stat.
Haha well I don't know what's influencing these things. Of course I'm dressing fine for my age, but i'd like to appear my age. 
Do they fit well? Badly fitted clothes can sometimes appear juvenile, and it's not always obvious why.
That might be my problem. Small is too small and medium is a little too big. I have yet to find a way around this problem.
Story of my life. We just need to wait for the Extra Medium to come out.
Nah I just mean that He's 21 and worried about "looking his age." It's not like he's forty and dressing like his kids. He is 21 and dressing like a late teens- 20's guy should dress.
Why don't you have your old clothes tailor to your body type? That would be cheaper and it will fits you.
[deleted]
Living in canada, I'll get a picture up once I can take a decent one. There aren't too many restrictions. All my clothes have to be either black, tan, or brown, and shirts need a collar or turtleneck.  
Is there a particular reason you want all black? I feel like the tan or brown could open up more options for you, at the very least.
I've tried mixing it up with some tan and brown, but I found it looked much too casual for what I'm thinking. I don't know if it helps but I was thinking along the lines of an outfit you'd wear to a jazz club. 
Check Steve Madden, although that is in the 100 dollar range. These bluchers look a lot like something Gucci would make, so other than that, I'm stumped. You could also go to a Zara and check.
Thank you! I'm actually not in the US, and the Zara shops here are all sold out of my size :\
I have the same chest and neck measurements as you and smalls seem to fit fine on me, and I even usually wear and undershirt underneath. Gap especially seems to have more room in the torso area than other brands (I tend too avoid dress shirts from there now because of this). But either your measurements are off, my tape measure is wrong, or you got some messed up shirts. .I think that you need to physically go out to stores and try on different brands until you find one that fits right. You need to find your great white buffalo (any HTTM fans?).

Doesn't look as fun as headbanging, that's for sure.
Maybe it's the gap shrinks but they're very tight in the chest on me. See the edit in the post. It's possible my measurements are off but the problem is real - smalls are too small, mediums are too big, and this seems to hold true over all the clothes I own. My bigger concern is - what should I ask from the Tailor, should I be able to shrink the neck down a half size in warm water, and is a poorly fitting neck a big issue.
I have a 46 inch chest. Yours is fine. 
Good fit is a good fit. Maybe yours aren't, but mine aren't either!
Medium sounds big for both of those sizes.  I would think most smalls would fit a 38" chest and a 14.5" neck.  I don't necessarily know for sure about the brands you purchased, but in general a 14.5 in neck is a small dress shirt, which should typically fit a 38" chest.  .Pics?  
Typical small Gap shirt on me. Fits in the neck, pulls at the chest. You can see it in between the second and third button from the top. I have a few other shirts that do the same 
Try J.Crew? .I have a 36" chest and their slim XS shirts fit me well around the chest. Unfortunately, the collars are too tight for my 14.5" neck. Their size S shirts fit me fine around the neck but they're too big in the chest. They might work out for you.
I'll give them a try, maybe in store this time instead of online. They're out of the price range I was shooting for though, at least from the sales I've seen.
Have you tried J.Crew Factory? I think the fits and styles are quite similar (although not identical). 
I haven't. Are they comparable to Banana Republic in cost/quality/sales?
Regarding cost, you can ...Regarding quality, I don't have any personal experience with Factory. I know that both Factory and Banana are considered lower quality than J.Crew, but I know nothing about how Factory and Banana compare with each other. .Regarding sales, I honestly don't really pay attention to sales, but I get the impression that both J.Crew and Factory are constantly running promotions. Also, if you're a student, I think they both offer 15% discounts with a valid ID. 
You are lucky actually. I don't really see the problem, I've got a 41.5 inches chest at 5'6 and I fit in most smalls, but the neck is much too tight for my 16 neck. If I had a big chest and a small neck, I would actually be able to button my shirts when I need a tie
41.5 inch chest in a small? Yikes. 
Just remeasured, 41 inches cold. Here is a pic I just took in a uniqlo slim in small. It fits well, there's maybe a slight amount of pulling but even there it depends on my arms position. 
Weird - looks like it fits well. Maybe the smalls I have that pull on my chest shrunk a ton. They're mostly Old Navy or similar cheap stuff.
It really depends on the brands and the cut. I can sometimes get away with XS, especially with sweaters and outerwear. It's hard because my limb length would probably fit an XXS but my body would need a S / M most of the time
Big difference between slim and regular in my experience. I wear a small in slim fit and an XS in regular fit. So you'd probably want to size down if you are going to get the regular shirts. Now you just need J.Crew to make those XXS shirts.
for me, j crew mediums are a decent fit, just a bit too small in the shoulders and slightly loose around the waist, but the slim fit is much too small in the shoulders and too tight in the chest, but fits well around the waist. So I guess my message for you is that the slim fit also has narrower shoulders and chest as well as waist. 
seeing as how this is MFA...the difference is noticeable..a medium slim fits me perfectly and i don't even wear the old regular mediums i have because i haven't taken them to the tailor to get them slimmed through the sides..that said...most people won't really notice. it's not going to be parachuting out like a regular brooks brothers shirt but if you're wearing slim pants and the whole kaboodle, which you probably are, since you're a 29 waist...it will definitely look a little off.
In my experience, a regular fit medium is baggy, a slim fit medium is perfect, and a regular fit small is almost ok if the arms were slightly longer/bigger. 
I work at J Crew and I usually see people going up 1 size for slim fit. I wear a medium regular fit and a large slim fit.
Brooks Brothers has an Extra Slim line that is almost slimmer than J.Crew slim.
If you contact them though the customer service chat they'll give you measurements. 
At least in America and Europe, black has traditionally not been considered a business appropriate color. Outside of black tie and funerals, it's the color of service workers (hence why waiters, valets, ushers, etc are always wearing black)..Black suits are much more common in Asia and Japan, and they have become more common in the West simply because people don't really know better and assume black goes with everything. So I don't think anyone will kick you out of the boardroom or courthouse for wearing a black suit, but it's really not an ideal color. .On an aesthetic level, a black suit goes well with a black tie, black shoes, a white shirt, and that's about it. It's not very versatile and you will almost always be better off choosing grey, charcoal, or navy instead of black.
In general, black is just considered more formal. Most tuxes are black. .That being said, plenty of people wear black suits to work. Unless you work in a fashion-conscious office, no one will have an issue with it. 
There's so much truth in this. I live in Asia (Japan is in Asia as well), and all the suits I see are black. And all the slacks in bizcaz wear are black. This is still a minor thing..The more serious thing is that all the formal shoes I see are black square-toed loafers. It seems that it has become the hivemind rule of Asians that black square-toed loafers = formal shoes. The first and only time I've seen a pair of brogues/non-black shoes was on a western man on vacation. I literally have to cringe everytime I see a man on the streets in bizcaz (a ballpark figure - it's filled with them).
Black and navy is today pretty much interchangeable in large part of europe. I do think most have no clue what is appropriate or not, and in most eyes it looks the same. The rule is probably only valid in businesses like lawyer and banking, most other don't really care. Dress codes in large parts of the industrial world is pretty much forgotten since some 30 years back..However, as far as color schemes go, black is clearly inferior to navy. Navy creates a little less contrast to shirts and shoes making the whole look more coherent..EDIT: Clarifying and spelling
Before I begin, excuse me if this is a bit vague..Honestly, my main problem with black suits is that they can look amazing, but they require a sort of gravitas, a cinematic cool to rock. For instance, when I think of black suits, I think of larger-than-life cultural icons such as The Beatles in A Hard Day's Night and Marcello Mastroianni in 8 1/2. Americans these days treat it as a lot less of a statement than it really is, which really ruins it for me..If you're going to wear the black suit, wear it like you really own it. Do it with the artistic, rock n' roll, go-to-hell mentality and La Dolce Vita class, you know? Do the cufflinks. Do the collar pin. Do the black thick-rimmed glasses that Marcello does. So what if you can only do the white shirt and the solid black tie. Why do you need any other option? As long as you really do look cool in it, no one will really call you out on wearing an "evening formal" color as business attire. 
Wash your hair less and when you do wash it make sure you use a conditioner.  The shampoo dries out your scalp and it responds producing oils at a much faster rate than normal.
Wash it every other day. 
Sounds counter intuitive, but wash your hair less..When you wash constantly (and three times a day is pretty excessive), you wash away the natural oils in your hair/scalp, and your body starts overproducing them to counteract this. .Try washing your hair less frequently, and occasionally with cool water, and see if you start noticing a change in your grease/dandruff..If not, try seeing a dermatologist, they really can work wonders.  
It's worth noting that if you do this it'll likely get worse before it gets better. Usually you'll have a week or two of greasier hair before your hair starts to get a bit better. .I recently switched to washing my hair with cool water only and noticed a huge downswing in the amount of dandruff and itch my scalp has within a few days. Of course this is anecdotal, but worth a shot. 
Also try maintaining shorter hairstyle. I'm not sure how short your hair is currently but if it's no more than a couple of inches long then grease isn't likely to be noticeable. 
Both the leather type (pebbled) and lack of laces make it a very casual  shoe. Consult Renalan's guide on the formality of shoes seen . 
Thanks for this great guide, saving this for sure..I did a quick Google on bit loafers, now that I know what they're actualy called, and . makes it them out to be an Ivy prep item, or apparently shoes that go with sharkskin suits  neither of which would draw positive attention at work..On a graver note, Business Insider warns young'uns to ".". 
Your shoes aren't bit loafers. They're Venetian loafers, which just aren't in that guide. Bit loafers have the metal piece on top, Venetian loafers don't have any ornamentation up top. 
Allen Edmonds can be found in Harry Rosen. Go try on a pair and then order online from Nordstrom during the sale?
If you need to wear a suit for work, go with another shoe. Since you wear suits M-F, I highly suggest investing in a nice pair of Allen Edmonds to put in rotation. 
Unfortunately, Nordstrom won't be in Canada until next year, so I can't try on a pair for size! Will definitely keep them in mind though, quality shoes are a quality investment.
bro it's all advice. All of it. You'll find plenty of guides saying that hoodies/sneakers are for kids and that you should wear shirts and suits and loafers all the time. I say fuck that. .Check out some other actual fashion blogs as well:
Fashionbeans.com.Valetmag.com.Wellspent.com
Read the sidebar and search for any questions regarding anything else. 
It's true, but I'd rather not draw any controversy about my wardrobe at the office, since I'm not the boss. My goal with these loafers in particular is to follow the office trend, not carve out new sartorial paths..I had looked up the shoe guide in the sidebar, and slip-on loafers in general ., but mostly because they were relics of the terrible 90s..Unless someone here makes a convincing point otherwise, I think I should probably return these and save my money for something more conventional to wear.
Oh no, the shoes are completely inappropriate for what you're asking for, no doubt. You're gonna wanna look for a set of wingtips or captoes in a brown or black, depending on the color of your attire at your job. Return them and get some cash toward that. 
Good to know...this makes them even less desirable for work! 
If you want them to have more of a worn look, wearing them at the beach would be a great way to do that. Conversely, if you like how they look new, I wouldn't wear them there. As far as breaking them in I think it would be good because if they start to bother you, you can usually just go barefoot or wear sandals.
The water will be good as far as breaking them in but the sand in your shoes might annoy you.
Perhaps, but I wore my a/o's to the beach a few weeks ago. The sand was an issue. It gets in under the sole and sticks to the glue. Took days to get it all out. Wouldn't do it again. You could just artificial introduce wear with a salt bath.
Not much, though I just got this . that I use to drop my keys and wallet in when I get home..I'm also inordinately proud of the . I put together in my dining room, though it needs restocking.
At the risk of sounding like a meathead, I'm going to say physique.  Fitness is a big part of my life, and it shows. I get a lot of strange compliments and get checked out by straight dudes pretty frequently. I think it compliments my style because it allows me to fit-in stylistically in the South while still standing out if I choose.
I'm 6'6" and lanky, and I have a tattoo of a carrot on my forearm. People tend to remember me by those things. 
Am I too late?.My ink and carbon stained hands. I recently rekindled my adolescent love of drawing and sketching and illustrating, so I always carry around one of those kindergartner pencil cases with brush pen, Microns, pencils (colored, watercolor and plain old #2s), erasers, extra ink and two or three pads of varying sizes. When I dont have my bag, I try to always have at least a pen and a soft moleskine with me. My GF is starting to get sick of me whipping up a sketch during dinner BUT SHE CAN'T CONTROL MY ART!
I have several holsters and sidearms to carry for different outfits... Also, tattoos 
My ., which I've had since 2007, is an inseparable part of my look..Also, my desire to keep everything as nerdy as possible could be considered a major part of my style.  Calling my beard my Riker, for example.
I love listening to music and I wear these headphones more often than any of my clothes. Plus, as headphones go, they look pretty stylish.
I'd say my long hair that I tend to keep in a bun, and my beard, which varies in length with the season. I feel like my hair and facial hair really help to give a more defined personal style.
I exercise and take care of my personal appearance.  The fact that I'm "fit" translates into clothes that fit well and are flattering.  Keeping myself well-groomed plays into that as well.
I'm always in mind of my 'harry potter'-esque appearance as I have green eyes, a jagged scar on my forehead, and if I let it grow out more than 2" and don't meticulously wash it every morning, comb it and attempt to style it, I have very messy dark brown hair. 
My laid-back way of life is pretty reflective of my style.
I collect mugs; they run the full gamut of sizes, shapes, textures, and colors. My choice of mug depends entirely on the drink..EX: Only my Hershey's mug does justice to a ginger ale and chocolate syrup concoction.

Man I've been lusting after that Ibanez prestige for years. I'll cop one day. 
If you're into highly technical guitar wizardry, I cannot recommend it enough. 
My tech gear and my music taste.. and my . decked out with a spotify sticker & pin respectively. People know me for being a music enthusiast and a techie, and the simple & modern spirit of my gear is kind of reflected in my outfits.
My cello case... It's exposed carbon fibre and I think it represents modernity surrounding a 250 year old instrument.  I like to think that describes my style, if not my clothing than just my lifestyle.  I also have a Thiers-Issard straight razor with a carbon fibre scale.
How long have you been playing?
Yes. I hope it's a bam. But I like the analogy: expressing modernity on the outside while embracing tradition and history on the inside.
It's actually . one.  I used to have a Bam Newtech in terracotta, but I decided it was too heavy (then I picked up one of my friend's cases from the 90s and felt really bad).  But that's exactly what I like, tradition within modernity.

I started in the 4rd grade, pretty late for a musician, so almost 11 years.  In 7th grade, I auditioned for Juilliard Pre-College and got it, and I'm playing in my college orchestra.  . playing 3 years ago... dat occasional intonation issue.  Also, yes, I own white tie.
Awesome, man. I've been playing since fourth grade too. "After-School Strings" where I'm from. You're a hell of a lot better than me.
Haha, thanks. I don't play as much as I used to (I sing more than I play now...it's more portable), but I'm certainly much better... It's all about listening to music all the time... I must have every recording of every piece I played, I just listen, absorb, steal, and create. Also, don't forget to practice...at one point I was practicing 7 hours a day!
That video description is one of the most pretentious things I've ever read.
Haha, that's one of the least pretentious things in classical music...
Nope.  Not everybody in classical music is completely without self-awareness.
Not finding time to practice has always been my problem. No time like the present, I guess.
I practice when I'm commuting...find some finger exercises and listen to pieces constantly...that's more than nothing, I haven't touched my cello in a week, but I haven't rusted quite yet
 .. I listen to music pretty much constantly, so it's important to have headphones that sound good. The fact that these two also look great is what makes them my personal favorite sets.
I have the 701s, too. When I put those things on it's like hearing everything again for the first time. Unbelievable detail.
What models? 
AIAIAI TMA-1 and AKG Q701. The TMA-1s are portable and great for electronic or bass-heavy music, while the Q701s are massive and work much better for instrumental and orchestral stuff.
I just bought audio technica m50s. I like music (who doesnt) but I've never spent more than 30$ on listening devices. Real excited 
Excellent cans.Comfortable with a decent soundstage and everything is so damn clear..Need some IEMs or something cheaper/more portable because its annoying to carry these around on my daily commute
Nice! I've never owned the M50s myself, but they're pretty highly recommended by other headphone enthusiasts.
I always liked the look of the TMA-1's, but I remember them feeling kind of uncomfortable on my ears. Kinda wishing I'd picked them up now
I do have some problems wearing them for long periods if I have my glasses on, but that's true for pretty much all on-ear headphones, I've found.
Yeah, they're pretty amazing. I need to amplify mine better, though; currently I'm just running them from the headphone-out on my receiver.
[deleted]
My super short beard was a compromise with my girlfriend.  She wanted a full beard and I was inclined to trying the clean shaven look, we compromised on the suggestion beard.  It's a lot less work than clean shaven but you can still see my jaw line...although its kind of annoying that my beard looks best about 8 hours after trimming...makes timing it difficult.
I trim mine before I go to bed if I want to be pretty during the day.
She wanted a beard and you turned her down?! I would have that thing growing past my knees and spend all my cash on flannel.
Heh.  In the 20/20 of hindsight it's beyond me why I wasn't rocking that lumberjack look back when I was overweight.  It totally suited me and I have the photos to prove it..I've had a beard for 5 years.  I'm actually a little . of it.  I know...it's weird, but true.  That said, I was born to wear a beard.   I have a 5 o'clock shadow when I'm done shaving.  Need to keep it short though...my beard goes sultanic after about an inch or so.  Very ottoman empire.
If someone called my style "ottoman empire" p sure that would be the highest form of compliment possible.
My bari sax. It's so beautiful that sometimes I get really lazy for actually buying good clothes for concerts because who would look at me instead of my SA80II? Even if I dressed impeccably, it would hardly make a difference in the light of that beauty. 
My job. I'm a professional photographer who shoots downhill skateboarding (I also skate), so everything has to be durable, outdoors-approved and movement-friendly. .I travel quite a bit and have a pretty dirty lifestyle, so there's a premium on stuff I can wear for a few days without washing. I can't own anything white. 
Dancing.  It drives a lot of my clothing selection.  I only need so many pairs of pants that I can't do dip a woman or do a quick drop in, I'm going to be wearing two different shirts if I'm there 3+ hours and my shoes--while they are communicating I know my shit to a dance partner--look like a pair of sketchers and ballet flats had a love child.  
If I had to fit my style into one picture. It would be . except with more wood grain. I have since added a few more guitars to the collection.
What have you written on those sticky notes on the walls?
Oh nothing, hah, I used them for pixel art on my walls. The Tetris one is lame though. 
Nah man it's pretty cool!
Looks like tetris 
Rick Owens has a great quote on personal style that I train hard to integrate in to my life and style: "Working out is modern couture. No outfit is going to make you look or feel as good as having a fit body. Buy less clothing and go to the gym instead."
I play in a Canada/US touring band, which is pretty much my whole life. 
What band if you don't mind the question?

. check us out!
I like it a lot. I hear a lot of Seahaven, Pentimento and Title Fight. dl'd your free stuff. Thanks!
Wow thanks! We've actually played with all those bands haha, they're some of our biggest influences. Much appreciated!
Ya, I saw Seahaven open for Touche Amore and Pianos last year. Got hooked on them, and I really wish Pentimento would come west.
Kind of off topic, but is your username a reference to GY!BE? If so, you my friend, are awesome.
ya it is.
You're awesome.
you too ;)
I'm a sommelier. All of the other sommeliers I know are stylish, cool people too. There's something about this profession that attracts a certain personality type. I was told a few weeks ago by a guest that I dressed like a jazz musician. I've never been so proud in my life. 
My dad is a jazz musician, and I'm not sure if that's a compliment..I'm just kidding, that sounds awesomwe.
Miles Davis was one of the best-dressed men to ever walk the earth, even when he got weird in the 70's. I'm sure your dad's a dapper guy too.
Drummer here. I can't carry this shit.
Highly debatable
My old '84 F-150.My southern heritage.My love for the outdoors and being active.Think that about sums it up
. He's a total chick magnet. A girl once shouted out her window while driving by, "YOUR DOG IS REALLY CUTE!". He is important to my style because we have really complementary personalities and also he looks great with my sweaters in the winter.
I'm really into post hardcore/skramz/whatever you wanna call it. It doesn't really show in my fits at all but I try to go to a show at least once a month. My friends all know me as the go-to guy for emo/skramz/etc. I just sort of fell in love with the genre around 2008 and it became a huge part of me that year and the years after. I've met a lot of great people through it and it's become a huge part of my own music. 
My 1985 Cadiallac Fleetwood Limited Edition, all original interior, paint, job, and rims. No rust..A cop pulled me over to tell me what a nice classic I had and we talk about cars for a while. 
Yoga. I'm an instructor and I incorporate that zen style into my clothing and persona. Other way around, I incorporate fashion into my yoga class, I like to look good on the mat ;)
yoga is awesome!
Honestly, my personality, music taste, philosophies, cooking, the ocean, traveling, vintage films, my coffee table books, and preferred color schemes. As far as actual items go, saxophone, vintage safety razor that I got from my dad,  and my vintage movie posters. 
My slouching posture.  Really accentuates my "fashion."
I'm open about hobbies, and I like things outside the norm but not just for the sake of being different.  Growing up, my parents didn't look too highly on my hobbies, so I took that experience and decided to not judge people for what they like. Most of my contrast comes from how I should be, given my appearance.
im a hipster irl
Needs more gin.
Can't stand the stuff.
"But the vermouth is right there?! You invite me to your bar and you can't even make a martini? Consider this business venture at an end!" And that's how to miss a big opportunity. True story (not really)..It's a real nice setup though. Where's the crystal from?
Thrifted
I've been looking at those. Already own a pair of 515s but I feel like these would be a major step up. Any sort of amplification you use with them?
Nah, I'm satisfied with how they sound even without an amp. I guess I'm not a true audiophile but the price of an amp doesn't really justify the slight increase in quality for me. They would definitely be a huge step up from the 515s
My quirkiness, and my lack of adherence to any one style. I'll go from boots, jeans, and a sleeveless pearl-snap ( hand-me-downs from my dad) to nice and did up wearing a tie. I just go with the flow and show that not just with clothing, but with my actions and words. Laid back and wierd.
So you wear a dress? And a scarf? 
Only for you big boy ;).Honestly scarfs yes, dress no. Though I do own a kilt in an ex-girlfriends family tartan. I had to get it for a wedding I went to, but still have it for shits and giggles. 
Excellent recovery 
Sitting with these badboys right now.
Can you post pics? I'm planning on getting bigger and I'd like to see what kind of style works with 'big dudes'..Honestly, goth ninja on a dude with huge arms would look sick
yea If I get around to it I'll post in WYWT sometime. I'm not as big as I am in good shape, if you get my drift. 
I'm a Fender man myself, but that Gibson is niiice.
My long hair. It's past my shoulders. You either love it or hate it. 
My style comes from my job and my hobby, breaking (bboy or breakdance). 
Cooking..Running or biking..My dog.
I always carry a pen. Whether in my jean pocket, back pocket of shorts, or coat pocket... I've always got that damn pen. And some folks have caught onto it. They'll just randomly hold out their hand and demand "Pen." when they need one around me. 
Not sure if you're in to . at all or anything, but you might check out .. All of their jeans have a signature . which I think is pretty badass. 
What type of pen?

Look into the Parker Jotter. Not too expensive but it is a really nice stainless steel pen 
You ought to try the pilot v5, non-refillable but damn they're smooth 
pics of dog style please
Classy drunks?
We prefer the term "tasting" rather than "drinking, because we do a lot of spitting. But over the course of a particularly long tasting, you absolutely will get a buzz. No, my job does not suck.
My pfaltzgraff brown drip dish and pottery collection. 
That is gorgeous. Reminds me of my grandmother's teapot. 
Hello brother . 
Someone else already posted theirs, but here's mine. My Fender Telecaster, restored by me and with woodburning by my wife..Album w/ before pic: 
Holy shit, that woodburning is absolutely beautiful.
You should see the woman who made it. :)
You sly devil. You're just going to show her this comment under the guise of showing her our reactions to the guitar. Shameful.
Guilty as charged.
Is she a tree?
my skateboard. .i like raw metal trucks and classic/minimally styled wheels, but decks with kind of weird doodle-y graphics from companies like roger and krooked and heroin 
i also always just buy raw trucks and plain wheels. i don't really care about the deck graphic tho as long as it isn't something super lame
Anything other than white wheels and silver trucks looks weird to me. 
i usually roll white wheels but i have these autobahns right now that are each a different solid color and i like them a lot because it's kind of goofy and my current deck is tie dye so it works.
I'm looking into going into industrial design as a minor. I really enjoy clean lines and minimal design. That carries through in my clothing, where I tend to wear minimally designed clothing
My moustache and, every five days or so after I shave, my beard..Also, the philanthropic and service work I did back in college, especially around Relay For Life. I wore around a purple Relay For Life bracelet for the longest time until I just lost it and I've got stickers of that sort of stuff across my laptop.
Thumbs up for a fellow mustachioed MFA-er. I started growing mine as kind of a joke, but it turns out I have the face for it and I can't get rid of it anymore. I love it.
I always tell people the best thing I ever did for my facial hair was injure my face. Last spring I took a pretty big fall that ended up giving me a pretty major black eye for two months. When your eye is pretty much swollen shut for weeks on end, you stop caring about stupid things like shaving before you go out. By the time it healed up, I had a pretty nice moustache going, so I shaved off the beard and rocked handlebars for the rest of the summer..Nowadays I'm growing out the beard/moustache combo, and loving it. I'm almost 4 months into the grow, with no plans on stopping soon!
...
The thumbnail on alienblue made it look like your dog was nuzzling your crotch.
My beard. .Also, my euphonium. . I've also got a wonderful brown, handmade gig bag that's extremely stylish, though at the time I've got no good photos of it. Perhaps I'll feature it in a WAYWT sometime soon...I've got lessons Thursday.
Gorgeous horn man. Tuba player here, but a poor college student that's not a music major. I'm stuck playing sousaphone in the university marching band. Love it, but damn would I love a sexy concert horn.
What is that euph?  Also, leather gig bags.... I really want one, but I don't really play anymore so it would be a waste of money...

Nice.  Both of my tuba gig bags look like shit, but that's not really important.  Do you play seriously?
Yes, as seriously as you'd expect a music ed major to. I take my playing and practicing seriously, but I'm not looking for the time commitment of a performance major, y'know? Did drum corps for two summers as well.
Besson Prestige?  Very nice.  I play a Willson 2900 with a Bowman BB1.  
Besson prestige. I also wish I had a leather bag! Mine's cordura. Leather was just too damn expensive.
I thought it was a besson.  I'm a trombone player, but now a high school band director.  Don't really get many chances to play anymore
I carry a yoyo around with me pretty much all the time. I'm not into it as much as I used to but it's still fun to break out and kill time with when I need to. I've got some pretty nice expensive ones but I find myself mostly carrying a cheap plastic one or my favorite wooden one.
is this the inspo for your username or does it have something to do with yoshi.cool yoyo-fit tho
actually...both!
Since u did a yoyo fit, please do a yoshi one next! 
all the better!
lol I should borrow azurewrath's dino costume
How much fucking coffee I drink. Iced or hot, I have a cup in my hand 90% of the time.
Do you drink it black?
he likes his coffee like he likes his women.
Ground up and in the freezer?
Old and bitter?.Laced with alcohol?.With a shot of cream?.Formerly covered in civet feces? .I must know!!!
strong and black, mmmmmhmmmmm . . 
It depends on the coffee. For me, coffee is like steak...If it's really shitty coffee, then I always put creamer or some other source of flavor in it. Nice coffee on the other hand, is always best black.
Real "caffeine enthusiasts" drink it black. 
fitting username for your comment.
My knives. I've built my collection for years and now have some very rare blades. Honestly my favorite part of getting ready in the morning is picking out which knife to carry.
Agreed. Knives for sure
thats kinda fascinating.how do you pick?.like "shit, if i were to get mugged today, i'd want this one".or waht
I basically just pick the one that best suits the occasion, and even what I'm wearing. Suit and tie dinner? I'll carry the William Henry or the Klaas. Cutting boxes on a warehouse? Probably the ZT or the Stryker. Just going out with friends? The WH EDC or one of my other smaller and slimmer knives. Then again, sometimes it's a completely whimsical decision and I just go with what I'm feeling that day.
Some day I'll finally pull the trigger and get a ZT.  But for now I'll just sulk around with my tenacious.
Pics?
 These are the highlights of the collection. In total, I have more than double this, but a lot of those are cheaper, "beater" knives I bought early on in my collecting days.
holy crap i wasnt expecting that level of awesome on some of these knives. Color me impressed
Haha I take my cutlery seriously
apparently so. .but now im curious; have you given any of them names?
No names, but for some reason I do consider them all to be girls. Not sure why that is haha
holy shit are you actually Spy from TF2?
That benchmades really nice.
That first one is gorgeous.
It's definitely the crown jewel of the collection.
Could you give a quick overview of prices? Very cool
No problem..WH Custom- 1000 ish. It's hard to put a price on that one cause that design has been discontinued..
RW Wilson Custom- 250 ish. Same problem with that, he sells them as he makes them and price varies based on materials. He gave this one to me as a gift..
Klaas- 250.
WH EDC- 300.
ZT 0561- 325.
BM Auto Stryker- 230.
BM 51- 250
Holy hell dude. I was thinking a PM and a few Benchmades, . a Sebenza or Strider. Those are incredible.
Thanks! The Sebenza and Strider are both on my list right now, but I've never been a huge fan of spydies
Yeah I don't love Spydies either. I generally prefer wooden scales, more traditional styling. That said, I've got the ZDP-189 Dragonfly and it's probably my favorite EDC knife..Anyway, I'm digressing. I can't get over that William Henry. Might be the most beautiful blade I've seen. You should be very proud.
Trust me, I couldn't be more proud. I'm going to post some better pictures of it to .; that iphone picture just doesn't do it justice, especially because you can't even see the wave pattern on the damascus.
  .My dog, most definitely.  She passed away too weeks ago though.
:( she looks really sweet. What was her name?
Coco. I know, its an overused name, but she was a dang good dog
I'm sorry dude :(
My 1980 chevy el camino. 
Best answer in the thread.
hmm.... so tactleneck and nightvision goggles?.or unbuttoned plaid shirts with mustaches and karma?
Yes. 
[deleted]
le
What
what does this even mean?
It makes sense, despite being vague, until you get to the last sentence.
I wear a turban and beard!
turbans are really awesome, and i often wish it wouldn't be culturally insensitive for me to wear one.

...
COUNT SCARS TO SEE HOW MANY MEN STRONG BELWAS HAS KILLED
my girlfriend. we both care about style but in vastly different ways. when we're together we balance each other out.
Girl I know made like 50% of her own clothing : dresses, knits, and accessories.  And I'm out here wearing white tees and black jeans  
yeah in this case it's more like girl thrifts 90% of her shit and it looks awesome. And I'm out here spending mad cash on white tees and black jeans
Amazing how easy it is to burn a hole in your wallet with just basics.
My personality.  Everyone I know on campus (about 200-300 people) thinks I know everyone on campus (about 2400-2600 people) because of the way I smile and greet people I run into, whether I know them or not..Maybe eventually I will know everyone.
My (recently EX) girlfriend used to get upset cause I was so friendly with nearly everybody to the point where I would stop in my tracks and say hello to someone and start small talk even if I hadn't seen them in 5 years 
There's absolutely nothing wrong with being friendly, I enjoy that as well!.Also, I have you tagged as "Booty Prolly Smell Good Too"... I'm thinking it was something about a seorita, but I'm not sure.
Same with mine. I'm sorry I've been involved in so many organizations and events that I know a lot of people everywhere we go. .Sorry about your loss. But mine is almost recent also and it has gone very well, luckily. I wish you the best of luck! If you need anything, feel free to PM me!
Good on you, and keep it up. I'm a little too quiet for that (or always have been), but I've watched one particular guy I know go from new-in-town to man-about-town in the last several years due to just this strategy. Everybody knows him, it's freaking amazing to watch- can't be sure how many HE knows, but he never lets on..:)
I used to volunteer and 95% percent of my job was to say hi and chat with parents of patients. From there I just instinctively say hi to every one. Greatest unexpected benefit from volunteering ever.
Last year I used to always go to this one house before I went out to the bars. It was a frat house and they threw parties. I threw my 5$ and went in and everyone knew me even the older fraternity brothers. Some were in my class. Others I met. Anyways, a week passes by and one of the brothers comes up to me and says, "Yeah we're doing winter rushes. Come through at 7, don't bring any of your boys of course." I look at him all confused and say, "What?" He looks a me and repeats it. I told him I'm not in the fraternity I just go to all his parties. He was so surprised..The top sorority girls are like, "Gunkers I see you everywhere. Like you know everyone." .I'm was the only person in my dorm building who could go in and out of my dorm like 600 times a day without getting UPD/RAs all suspicious. .One of my buddies goes up to my roommate and says, "Haha gunkers doesn't sleep does he? I see him everywhere. Yesterday he fixed my phone, saw him guttin' lunch, walkin' from practice, annnd and he didn't skip class. That kids always on class answerin' questions. Last night was 2fers and he was out all fucking night going hard. He was working on some fucking shit when I came to pick up my phone like some hacking shit (programming) when I went to pick up my phone. Man gunkers is some mad scientist or sumthin."
..Panties dropper.
... Oh my
I don't even like cameras that much, but 
Hey man...if you ever get tired of that thing...
Getting weird looks in the train for my reaction to this.
you're making my canon ae1 feel bad about itself... i remember the day my photo teacher let me hold her leica, there's nothing like it...
It's incredible how she nests on your hand. It has the perfect weight and balance to belong there, asking to be taken for a ride.
I love my AE-1. It's simple, and feels sturdy. And you can get lenses for cheap as fuck.
Wut
My .. There is something incredibly satisfying about coming home, pouring yourself two fingers of scotch, and taking in the aromas while feeling the weight of the glass in your hands.
Completely agree, although there's something about . that I prefer. Just feels great in the hand.
Crystal is the type of glass that you can rub the rim and make different pitches noises with right?

I meant glass as in glass of water, like a cup.And I'm pretty sure it's just crystal...
Yep, lead crystal is more flexible which allows it to resonate better than glass. If you strike crystal it will ring for a much longer time than glass. For similar reasons, you can make tones by rubbing the rim when wet.
Glass is a crystal.
Actually, it isn't. Glass is an amorphous solid, i.e. the molecular structure doesn't have a definite and repeating order. Even lead crystal isn't a true crystal, it's technically a glass as well. It just has a much higher refractive index.
I have that same exact set I think. Right now it has a 12 yr balvenie. It is very much a part of my style. 
beautiful. really just beautiful. do you have a separate 'liquor table' per se? like an end table that serves as a minibar? I've seen that a couple times and I quite like it.
Looks like he has at least a tray, which I think can look very nice. Couple more examples: . . 
What's in it? 
Careful about storing liquids in leaden crystal glassware in the long term studies have shown it provides serious health risks.  I use mine for gatherings where I expect the scotch/bourbon to be used fully but I do not advise using it as your every day dram holder.
Even if you wash it? Curious what the issue is.
some kinds of crystal has lead in it, and the lead can leach into your drinks, poisoning you further than the alcohol would have. Some wine snobs claim that crystal is the only thing to drink fine wine from since it influences the flavor and temperature less than glass.
That changes bi-weekly (I unwind a lot). Right now it's Hooker's House Rye Whiskey.
Bro if you wanna style you gotta brood.
My Fender Telecaster. It's about 50/50 on people that think it looks good vs it's an ugly devil, but I think it's absolutely beautiful.
It's got a look that only an everybody can love
i wouldnt say ugly devil lol, but i prefer other color ways a bit better. its still very pretty though!.mine is off white body, black guard, and rosewood fretboard.
I am guessing you play rock or blues? Or maybe I'm completely wrong and you shred technical metal on this, but that would be retarded. 
Yeah, man. I'm in what I guess you could call an indie/indie-rock band, but I play a lot of blues and jazz in my spare time.
Damn it's beautiful. Semi-relevant question - is it easier to barre on an electric?
In my experience, it depends solely on the action of the guitar and the thickness of the strings.
I've heard this referred to a lot, but what is action? And is there an optimal thickness for strings?
action is the distance between the fretboard and strings. e.g. lower action = your strings sit closer to the fretboard..i'm not sure about optimal thickness for strings, i feel like it's more of a preference thing from player to player.
Then wouldn't a lower action always be better? Sorry for the dumb questions, I just got into guitar.
Yeah, strings and the neck are smaller so they're easier to push down. 
Virtuoso classical guitarists often have fretboards made to their exact specifications to compensate for their ridiculously advanced chord voicings; consequently, mid to high tier acoustics can be seen as easier to barre than electrics...especially electric guitars with thin profile/high radius necks that are meant for brutal speed. Honestly it varies from case to case, but for a beginner the electric is usually the way to go. Cheaper acoustics will often have warped necks with high action/generally poor setups, so this is why they are generally seen as the more "challenging" of the two, and probably unfairly so. 
Higher action is useful if you bend a lot. Also you can only set the action low without fret buzz if you have a high-quality fret job, which most cheap guitars don't.
In comparison to an acoustic, yes! Much easier. 
Action simply refers to the amount of space between the strings and the fretboard. Lower action denotes less space, which is preferred by technical electric guitarists solely for an increase in speed/decrease in energy output (less strength required to fret each note). .There is no optimal string thickness; it depends on what tone you are going for. Lower gauge strings are sometimes preferred for insane vibrato and faster playing at the expense of a meaty tone. Many blues guitarists, like Stevie Ray Vaughan (did), prefer higher gauge strings for a huge sound that had a lot of low-end in the bass strings and more of a pronounced mid-range in the higher strings. I myself play 11 gauge strings to get the best of both worlds. 
I'm not one for natural finishes at all, and this is no exception. I imagine it's a nice guitar, but it is an ugly devil. I generally prefer the black body and ebony fretboard.
best guitar in the world
I don't know much about guitars but that thing looks super generic. Maybe it's because every other guitar copies it. Idk
The best things in life aren't gaudy.
Telecasters were sort of meant to be very basic. Part of the reason why so many hate them.
Honda Civic of guitars. Glamorous? Probably not. Will it get you where you need to be? Most likely. (I miss mine.)
nah dude, the most copied guitar is the stratocaster.
I've heard Telecasters be referred to as "the ugly cousin of the Fender family" a couple of times :(
Really? I mean, in my opinion . or . are the most generic looking guitars (Don't get me wrong, they still look great). But a wood-colored Telecaster? I don't think it looks too generic. Oh well, opinions, opinions.
I absolutely love the colors on the second one.
There's a reason it got popular enough to become clich.
There's nothing like a natural finish on a tele. Here's mine, restored from craigslist beat-to-shit condition by me and with woodburning by my wife..Album w/ before pic: 
woof. make me one? i will pay you the monies.
shieeetttt. looks beautiful, man.
I think you could have stopped at "I don't know much about guitars.".
maple fretboard master race
cant we all just get along and hate baked maple
When we have a common enemy, our differences can be put aside. But for real baked maple sucks.
those filthy darkies
not even 
who could think that was ugly
Most of my personal style is defined by the fact that my truck doesn't have air conditioning in phoenix in the summer.
I have no idea how you survive that.  Car sales in Phoenix increase like 300% in the summer because when people's ACs die in Phoenix people suddenly really prioritize a new car.
I am an honorary Fremen now.
Tucson here. I actually enjoy driving with no AC although sometimes it's just too much.
Native to Phoenix here:
You sir, are a god.
Or the devil 
How are you alive. The last time I was in Phoenix I stood still for too long in a parking lot and found my shoes had melted into the asphalt. (that may or may not be hyperbole)
Sounds about right. I have two chairs that have started to sink into the cheap shit they line our apt balcony floors with. They're the lightest chairs ever, too.
My family owns a boat so I feel more justified wearing ribbon belts, boat shoes, and thick Norwegian sweaters. .I didn't choose the Prep life, the Prep life chose me.
I'm Norwegian, so I feel even more justified about wearing the sweaters.
Come join us at .! .I feel the same way, boats are awesome, do you belong to a yacht club as well. Also madras and oxford are the best shirting fabrics ever. 
Hey thanks for the heads up! I'm interested in getting into sailing and no, I do not belong to a yacht club.
Straight thuggin'..Sail or power? My father's in the middle of restoring a Tartan Thirty he bought, hopefully she'll be back in the bay by the end of July. I'm looking forward to getting back out on the water!
Power boat, but I'm interested in learning to sail. I'm considering joining University's sailing team.
Does a canoe count?

This city is a monument to man's arrogance.
Suit is ideal. If not, chinos and a blazer is fine and you'll still be better dressed than most people
My advice is don't plead guilty to shit. Get an LDA and work out a deal b4 you admit to anything
I should mention that the court is in a rural area, what might look modest in Chicago or New York might look pretentious over here.
It won't look pretentious unless you're trying double monks or seersucker or a similarly eccentric outfit. Khakis and a Navy blazer is the most classic churchgoer apparel of all time.
Rural area resident here. Go with khaki chino pants, brown dress shoes, and a plain, light-blue button up shirt..Keep your hair maintained and facial hair shaved as well.
Had I been stone cold sober I would have known enough about my rights to keep my mouth shut. Seriously I know my ACLU stuff..The arresting officer has more than enough verbal confession (audio-recorded) to get me convicted if I took it to trial. It was a fireworks charge in the wee hours of july 5th, it will be a REALLY easy to explain this charge on a resume, it makes sense to take the charge and move on with my life with minimal legal fees. 
happy murica freedom
don't wear slim pants. in fact, if you have a more straight cut of khaki chinos, wear those
This is less about looking fashionable and more about looking like you put in real effort and respect the court room you'll be in. Just look your best. You dont need a proper-fitting-everything to get off with a slap on the wrist, you need the judge to acknowledge your effort..that being said - stay simple. no denim, no wrinkles & tuck in your shirt. nice shoes if you have them. wear your navy blazer, a white shirt, grey tie & some khaki chinos with your best pair of shoes.
With a white shirt, the tie would probably look better if it was navy.
Thanks for the best advice in the thread so far (no offense to other contributors). Do you think that it would be wise to get black or navy pants if possible? Part of me thinks khaki might be too light hearted for the small town old fashioned court, but I also think it might come off as doing the best I could to dress appropriately and convey modesty.
If you're wearing a navy blazer, you should buy grey pants, not navy or black. Matching the jacket and pants colors is for suits only, and black doesn't go well with navy. That said, ridiculousdb is probably right that khakis are ok, just make sure everything's ironed and neat. A boring spread collar is great (boring everything is great), just wear a white one with a conservative tie (nothing loud or skinny) and you'll be in good shape..That said, suits are always best, so if you come across a halfway-decent one at a thrift shop, snatch it up.
Get some grey flannel trousers if you can - they're quieter than some sort of chino, and look less disjointed with black shoes..Wear black shoes and polish them.
I second this comment.  Although I would stay away from a suit in this case and just go with a navy blazer, grey slacks (not chinos if possible) white shirt and very muted burgundy tie.  Wear conservative black shoes and a belt.  Don't shine your shoes before but make sure they're not obviously scuffed..That's it apart from practicing looking contrite.   
I get the feeling you know exactly what you are talking about. Could you go into more detail about . a muted burgundy is the right tie, I am genuinely intrigued.
I'm a trial lawyer and it's the uniform our jury consultant inevitably suggests our witnesses wear when they testify.  I presume it is because burgundy is such a traditional, conservative color for ties.. I should mention that jury consultation is more art than science, so her authority on the subject is not absolute.  We sometimes disregard what she tells us to do and we're usually right.  On the other hand, we've never dressed a witness in any way other than I previously described.
i'd imagine you should be okay with khaki pants. If its small claims count, no one expecting a three piece suit.
meh
They're essentially just Kavat boots with Nudie logos on them. Kavat is a classic Swedish shoe brand, they are one of the few with manufacturing still in the country (although they are gonna move it to Bosnia soon). They make good kids shoes, but as people have pointed out their other stuff is kinda weak. The leather is very nice though. If i needed new boots I could totally buy them to support "Swedish shoe industry", problem is that we don't really have one worth the name.

I think the sole is too chunky, and the last isn't really elegant either. For 375$, there are a lot of better options out there
I agree about the last being clunky. I can understand the sole, but the toe box looks bulbous and unattractive. Definitely better American made options out there around the same price range.
Interesting that MFA went crazy over those . which are absurdly chunky; I don't think the Nudie boots are overly chunky at all compared to the red wings which seem to be quite renowned.
With this, it's the way the vamp closes. It's just awkward. If you compare both shoes from above, the red wings follow the contour of your feet to some degree, whereas the nudie boots make your toes look bulbous, for lack of a better word
I don't know, I really dislike them overall. If they had a white wedge sole like the red wings I think they would probably look better
You could have just posted as a link post. Otherwise those are alright I guess...Edit: I think I'd prefer the non-contrast stitching that's only seen in the fit pic vs the black stitching on all the other pics.
Pebbled leather is lame
why?
I agree.
It reminds me of bowling shoes for some reason.
reminds me of a basket ball
There are some great pebbled leather boots out there. I'm fond of the ., but there are plenty of . boots that are gorgeous. The problem with these ones is the uninspired last, and ugly contrast between the dark sole and light upper. 
Yeah I've seen those first boots before and I thought they would look much better with smooth leather.
Well we all like different things. I can't link stuff off  my phone but check out the Edward Green galway.
idk it's just unattractive to me
ah ok 
I figure if you wear trousers that are straight cut, you won't draw too much attention to your hips. Try a Levi's 501 or 508 or Nudie Jean's Hank Rey or Straight Alf would be possible suggestions..A casual button-up shirt (flannel, OCBD, that sort of thing) that is short enough to wear untucked could also camouflage the hips a bit. Uniqlo and H&M would be good ideas to find well-priced ones, but their fits can sometimes be a bit trim..Couple that with a set of subtle but solid boots, and your siloutte should be emphasising the shoulders and lower legs/feet, whilst de-emphasising your hips..Most important of all, wear it with pride. We all have bits and bobs that we're not too pleased with, and the key to pulling it off is to try to be proud of what you do have..Fitness is often recommended here, but that's a very personal thing. Work. out* with a focus on your chest, upper back, and shoulders would help. Nevertheless, that's a lot of effort and commitment, and not everyone is into that..Good luck!
I can't edit the original post for some reason- 
I am aware my body isn't great, as I have mentioned a couple times now. Though I don't have an issues to those of you who are suggesting things I can do to manage my weight in a respectable manor- Although I did come here for fashion advice. .Here are some . of my disgusting obese body. Have at it. .(Pics in b&w because I'm wearing some weird color combo- I was painting)
Most of the advice I'd like to give have already been given, so I'll just add that if it's within your budget, get a casual jacket or blazer. They're very well designed to emphasise what little V-shape you may have.
[deleted]
Welcome to the man side of the force. Clothing that emphasizes shoulders is always good. 
The best advice I could give you, having never been in your situation, is  not to spend . much on a single item or single type of item. You're likely still trying to figure out your identity as a male, deciding what type of man you want to be. As such, your personal style - the first impression you want to present to the world - is likely to change. .Start building your wardrobe with enough of the basics, and you'll be able to work in items that define your personal style - check out the . guide, as well as the rest of the sidebar..As for jeans - I've seen 511s suggested, but 513s or 514s might be better for you, as they will likely accommodate your hips better (as well as thighs/legs). Hit up a Macy's (in my area, they seem to have the biggest selection of Levi's, but ymmv) and try the styles on to see what fits you best..Also, as a heads-up, .. Dappered has highlighted some of the ., including the shirts and chinos. Some quality brands for cheap-ish prices..Good luck to you, and hope to see you back sometime soon in an Outfit Feedback thread or similar!
 It's very slim, but has enough space to hold your MacBook Pro, a notebook, a medium-sized textbook, charger/cables, and some other stuff. Give it a look..Good luck on your journey, and remember, you can't come up for air without pissing someone off, so ignore the hate.
I have this backpack and love it. It's indestructible. 
If you are interested in some more formal or preppy stuff, I know there is a blog run by someone who does a lot of androgenous/masculine styles. .However, your weight, though to be honest I haven't the faintest clue how it is distributed throughout your body, is probably different. Use winter weather to your advantage, layering is a in-between-shape man's best friend. Don't be afraid to hem your pants. As someone with a 29 inseam length, I always have to do it. A cut that comes to my mind if you have a bit thicker calves is levis 513s. Give that, some basic tee's, and some jackets a shot and post some fits. That certainly helped me learn more than I ever could have had I not posted.
I'm a biological male who just happens to have wide hips, so I feel your pain (at least a little bit). My piece of advice - avoid jeans with too much taper below the knee - it can really overemphasize your hips. I'd recommend a straight leg jean or one with a slight taper like the 508. Don't worry about getting the leg legnth perfect; hemming or cuffing are just fine, especially when beginning to build a wardrobe..Not sure what your style is. If you like T-shirts, . gave some good advice. Otherwise, some slim cut button downs are a great choice here. Most slim button downs wont be cut quite as close as a fitted t-shirt, so there's less change of accentuating any 'hourglass figure' (for lack of a better word) that you might get with a too-tight T-shirt. And get some flannels if it's going to be that cold.
[deleted]
I second this, getting the body in shape will have the greatest impact.
I imagine hookers and blow reeking havoc on your body though...
fucking a hooker is 300 calories burned in 1 hour.a gram of coke and you should be good to go for like 5.sounds like the opposite of havoc to me m8
Srsly wtf, I think he realizes that. Its okay to be plus sized and have a good style! U guys are just being ass wholes. Im 6'3" 170, and can look good without beefing up someone who is 5'4" 170 can look good to. Yeah everyone looks better when theybare fit, but u can still have great fashion sense and be plesently plump :) there are insanely well dressed chubby guys on my tumblr all the time!
I can't help in terms of jeans. But a tip you might wanna use is with your shirts - Roll the sleeves up! It adds to the size of your upper body, and especially your biceps..As for backpacks, I would suggest a Herschel, they are pretty popular and have a special laptop sleeve. Or you could go for a Fjallraven Kanken, they are comfortable and also have a sleeve which . be used for a laptop..Good luck with the transition dude.
Thanks man - I'll look into those bags :)
Northface backpacks are also pretty popular and mine has lasted a long time. The Borealis or Jester are the ones I have seen the most. 
You probably largely have hips because you're 5'4" and 175 lbs...
I'm literally a foot taller and the same weight
My god I love how touchy Reddit is. I have no problem with lgbt people. .This is bull though; weighing that much at that height isn't healthy. I'm seven inches taller and the same weight and I'm still decently rotund. .I won't need to delete my post like those other jackasses because there is nothing objectively wrong with what I'm saying..Op if you're taking testosterone and you're not getting sufficient exercise then you will keep packing on the lbs. You will need much more than just better nutrition. The bright side to this being that you will be able to drop weight and retain muscle much more easily due to said testosterone. Take care of yourself. .To the advice at hand I would suggest an Everlane backpack(they have nicely.sized passed laptop compartments), Levis 511 jeans(this helps with bigger thighs+ smaller calves), and a shopping spree at uniqlo for whatever catches your eye. No need to drop a load of cash on something temporary when you plan on changing everything. Even with these basics you'll look great if everything fits well
Thank goodness, you don't sugarcoat everything.
Hey man -  I have no issues with the masculinity part, this guy can grow a beard and hit some low notes..For future reference tranny isn't a great word, But thanks for your advice!
It's derogatory isn't it? I don't know much at all about the transgender community, as I'm guessing a lot of people don't either 
That's alright man, now you do know :)
Yeah, not a lot of people know about those things. 
Sorry bro I just thought it was just the short way of saying transexual lol. Ok, thanks for letting me know, wont happen twice! Haha :)
, though it's not in the slur territory.
You also didn't go through female puberty. I do agree my body isn't in a great state- But I am working on my nutriton and gym time. .In the mean time, I just want advice for the now and how to work with what I have. I'm fine with buying new clothing at a later date when I've achieved my weight loss goals, but I need things to wear for the next while. 
xl tees and gym shorts.if its too cold out sweatpants and sweaters.some nice runners, nike or something, whatever lets u jog more.when u hit 120lb or less come back 4 more advice
Apparently only anorexic people are allowed to dress nice. 140 would be mid bmi for a 5'4 male. Considering taking testosterone and going to the gym is likely putting on muscle weight, you're just not being helpful. 
120lb is mid bmi, 140lb is on the border of being overweight. the point of fashion is looking good, obese people cannot look good. if he saves his money now he can buy clothes twice as nice when hes done dieting.
Also, don't be an asshole.
I'm 5'4" and I don't even know if I could get to 120lb without losing most of my muscle, and I'm not all that buff. 120lb is pretty scrawny even for 5'4".
120 pounds at 5'4 wouldn't be anorexic. I think 140 would be pretty buff at 5'4
Considering I'm a Male of 5'7-5'8 weighing 140, and being told by many I'm quite skinny, I'm not so sure about that. 120 with muscle would be much too skinny. 
I'm 125 and 5'5, not really any fat, just muscle. And nowhere near anorexic looking.. If you look here . it gives some ideas of height/weight ratios for classic bodybuilding physiques. 160 pounds at 5'5.
I'm 6'0 and  125 :(
6'1 120 i gotchu beat
Quoting everyone, ever: "Go eat something, you're a twig!".Edit: This was supposed to be skinny guy humor :/

Welcome to MFA!  And yes, as others have said, please don't be discouraged by any ignorant/transphobic comments that have been/might get posted here.  All men, including transmen, are welcome on this subreddit :).As for concerns you presently have with your body (being that you went through puberty as a female, and other normal reasons), I would echo some other comments here: try getting into fitness and dietary changes to support muscle tone and a more masculine build over time.  This will help ANY men's clothing fit you better, as your frame and build will look more masculine.  I assume you've heard of .?  If not, he is a great resource for transgender men like yourself.  His body is . in spite of having been born female (in fact, he was a . before he began his transition!).  Other important things include grooming, like facial hair, a shaved head/other traditionally "masculine" haircuts.  I'm sure you've already thought . about this stuff, but I figured I'd give my input just in case.  Good luck!  And congratulations to you!
Alright, I would say if you can get away with a 34" waist you aren't that far off.  I wear a 34 and I'm 6'2 210 lbs.  Levies 511 are pretty much the entry level around here and everywhere else.  You can buy them at Khols for buy one get one half off plus whatever dumb discounts they have.  Try them on in the store though and get them there because the cuts can differ.  You can get away with only two jeans or even one, nobody will notice.  Lots of people around here where raws which are almost never washed..For basic tees and just random stuff just pick up mossimo at target.  Buy a few things since you want to get your weight down and save your money for when you are at the weight you want.  From khols and mossimo you can get a casual school goer wardrobe for cheap that you won't mind getting rid of or tailoring once you lose weight..Lastly, lift weights a ton, you are on test!  Seriously that is the greatest gift.  I wish I could even get some of that test gel that is advertised on TV all the time.  Lift some heavy ass weights and do compound lifts, google it.  When you really want to lose weight do supersets,  again google it.  Female puberty is no excuse now because you are male right?
Keeping it basic for now seems to be the ultimate answer.
Hopefully I'll get that hysto and get the estrogen out of my body- But yeah the T can do some good stuff. .I feel that being larger isn't an excuse for dressing poorly..I very much appreciate your advice, thank you :)
You might want to take a look at 501 STFs as well (as long as you're willing to put up with raw denim)..It'll provide you with a much blockier look, which may help you achieve the look that you're going for..In the end it comes down to personal preference though.
[deleted]
Also try out Levis 513 and 508. 513 has a higher rise and slightly larger legs, while 508 is regular fit on top and tapers below the knee.
I am aware my body isn't in good shape. I am working on my weight mainly through nutrition. I have some weight since and am gradually losing more. 
Minimalism is super in right now, just get what you need.  You could get away with wearing a white tee everyday if that was your thing.  Just tell people that's your style and own it, as long as you can't see your nips 24/7.  Oh and also I forgot to mention, you want to grab the levis in a color that specifies "Rigid" those are only washed once and you can break them in yourself (closest thing to raw).  If not it's ok but get something dark, if it's light you will have to pull it off which you don't want to do at your stage.
Please don't be discouraged by the couple people posting trash in this thread. It's not an accurate representation of our community, I promise. That said, . gave some sound advice, and that's what I would say to start off with as well. Good luck with your transformation! 
Thanks, I really appreciate it. 
Not so. My uniqlo jeans leggings(Which are essentially the same material as 511's , I think) have rather deep pockets. They are very tight however, since they're skinny/leggings.
I have uniqlo T-000's and the pocket is definitely bigger than levis 510s.
Depends on the brand in my experience..I have a pair of very slim GAP jeans that have reasonable sized pockets (nothing like a cargo pant though). .My GUSTIN jeans I just bought, however, have stupidly small pockets. Putting anything in a front pocket means I'm fishing it out later like a crab; using my index and middle finger to try and claw at it, as 4 fingers and a thumb are a no-go to fit..I don't get this design choice personally. It makes the pants very inconvenient. Forces you to wear a jacket or carry everything in your hands if you don't wanna look like a fool trying to check a message on your phone..As bombtrack said before me, might want to consider a thinner phone and wallet. The Lumia 820 is not a thin phone by any modern definition of the term.
I'm trying to find a thinner wallet, do you have any recommendations?  I prefer bifolds with a few card holders and maybe one side with a clear id slot.  
The more stretchy the jeans the more you can fit in their pockets. A lot of skinny jeans (like the already mentioned Uniqlo t000) are very stretchy, so you can actually fit a lot of shit in their pockets.
That's weird. I have a pair of Gustin 18oz super slubs, and the denim around the pocket has actually stretched after fishing for my phone so many times. I might try chuck these jeans in a hot wash, though, because they've stretched about an extra inch than I was expecting (that, and I think I measured my old jeans wrong). 
Yes..Get a slim wallet, get a thin phone, keep your keys on a carabiner (why do you think all hipsters do this? for style points?).
Or get a bag.
Valid option, wouldnt work for me but I do see now how wearing well fitting jeans would work...
What's your style? I'm sure we can find a bag for you... I started carrying one casually since I was 16, and I'm almost never without one...
What kind of bag do you usually carry? I have a messenger bag but its a bit big to carry everywhere if I'm not taking my laptop with me.
I didnt mean it wont work because of style, its just a pain to carry an additional item, and till I get used to it, I'll forget it in random places 1-2 times atleast..After many years of carrying everything in your pockets, its difficult to adjust (not to mention the random panic I feel even now when I go to my parents home and realise I have only 3 items in my pockets instead of 4. Then I realise I am not at my home so I dont have the keys with me)
What helps me remember things are stuff I get really excited about having or getting... You know when you get items that you constantly check shipping info for from UPS and stuff?  I find that phenomenon occurring to me after I have them.  I get paranoid about making sure to carry things and I'm uncomfortable when I'm on autopilot... I mean I'm not trying to convince to carry a bag right now, but I just wanted to help you not forget things, I guess.  I find I don't lose the things I really don't want to lose.
Depends, if I'm carrying my computer/camera/etc. with me I have a canvas rucksack, when I'm working, I stole my mom's vintage coach briefcase (., and otherwise I'll probably have a small messenger bag (/satchel)
Also, I thought I needed 7 keys until I thought about it. I only use two most days. The other 5 are only needed on rare occasions and are now kept on a separate ring.
Yea, I should do this because my keys weigh 5 lbs.
the first picture, the jacket looks to be too small around the waist. .the second picture the jacket has been taken in at the waist. .if you have a long torso and short legs, you'll want higher button placement to create a higher-looking waist and visa versa. if you're pretty balanced, a lower button placement is a more contemporary, modern look as well as flattering. but it's most important to work with your body type.
It is very important, yes. .It is not about being high or low, it is about being the proper height for your body. I know it's vague, but its true..Try on a bunch of suits until you get the proportions correct.
That second jacket is beautiful. Anybody know who makes it?
The main button (top on two button jackets, middle on 3) should be over your belly button. That's a solid starting point for most people, and you can adjust higher or lower as per you preference.
The button stance in the first fit looks like a three button suit, but with two buttons. That look is very dated and not current with trends, and as a result is not appealing to the eye as much. The second one has a much more modern/lower button stance. This is honestly more flattering and it really makes the difference. 
The most classically well-proportioned jacket will button over the natural waist. High button stances look buttoned-up and stuffy - not more formal, except insofar as they are reminiscent of low-paid white-collar workers in ill-fitting and blocky suits. Low button stances look like you're wearing a sack, or Daddy's suit..The upper button of a two-button jacket, or the middle button of a three-button one, should be situated over the natural waist. This is the narrowest point of the torso, on me slightly above the belly button. It's the visual centre of the torso (full rise suit trousers end here, and waistcoats just cover it), and you emphasise proper proportions by having the button over it. Anything but a sack suit will have something called waist suppression, and this looks best over your actual waist. Suppressing your ribcage or your hips just looks odd, and leaves you with pointless fabric..Long story short, button stance dictates to some degree the shape of your torso, but it's not just a case of moving the buttons. The rest of the jacket is cut to a certain fit; where the buttons are is just a part of it, and if you wear the jacket open nearly irrelevant..Coincidentally, that's how you pull off an odd button stance - leave your jacket undone and hope nobody notices. You'll look like a puffed-up clown or somebody with weirdly short legs otherwise. You may do anyway. Sorry.
Unfair comparison. The jacket in the first photo is WAY too tight. .Drape and silhouette depend much more on the shoulders of a suit jacket than button stance. The separation between a good suit and a great suit is finding the proper combination of construction details, (amount of shoulder padding, waist suppression, button stance, open/closed skirt) that best accentuate YOUR body..I recently picked up a beautiful Canali sport coat. It looks terrible on me. Canali is known for their very rigid, structured shoulder padding, that on the right man looks like a million bucks, but because I have very broad shoulders the Canali makes me look like a linebacker..On the other hand I also have an Oxxford blazer with minimal shoulder padding that I look amazing in..MFA focuses a lot on clothes that fit, but once you step up into menswear it becomes more about clothes that fit YOU. . Great suits start at the shoulders 
Both jackets are too tight. Look at the creases on that second one.
Creases meaning the pulling on the first button? That's because he's moving the bottom parts of the jacket.
They might be exacerbated by that, but there's no way they're solely caused by it.
that jacket was from indochino
So there's a couple things going on in those pictures. In the first, yes it is a relatively high button stance but I'm also pretty sure it's a 3/2 roll jacket and the lapel roll is sitting a little weird. The jacket also looks undarted in the front, which gives it a fuller look..The second picture has a lower button stance, but you have to realize it's also been heavily stylized to make it look better than it will actually look on you. The hands in the pockets are creating the illusion of much more waist taper..To answer your question though, a lower button stance will create a deeper V in the chest, which is going to look a little more masculine. I think they look a little better with casual wear, and also a little sleazier/sexier. Higher button stance can look a little more buttoned up and formal. The shorter jackets of modern times also tend to necessitate a higher button stance..Here's a . I made comparing three jackets with three different button stances on myself. I think it really just comes down to personal preference and style, but the deeper button stance is probably the most acceptable for normal people.
Try to prioritize. This will allow you to go more slowly. .What do you think are the worst offenders in your current wardrobe, and what should you replace them with? Consider fit here, most of all..IMO, pants may be a good starting point, as you don't have to cycle through them daily like you would with shirts. Get some great-fitting jeans, chinos, plain shorts, whatever suits you. One at a time..Good luck, and keeping hitting us with questions!
Same thing happened to me when I changed my wardrobe a year ago..I bought a whole new wardrobe thinking I wear size medium shirts.  Turns out, I wear size small (I thought only tools wore clothes that fit tight).  I bought some shirts I thought would look good, turns out, they look awful.  I ended up donating half of my new wardrobe within a year and had to get the other shirts tailored.  .Fit is the most important thing here.  It took me months to get used to wearing size small.  Most people look bad because they wear clothes that don't fit.  .But now, everyone compliments my "sense of style" when all I did was simply follow MFA's basics guidelines, and now I build a personal style from that.  It takes time.  But do it slowly.  It's hard to resist, but learn from my mistake.  
The best advice I can give you is to buy items that work with . different styles..For instance, pants. Buy pants that are slim, but not TOO slim, and that fit well. If you do this you can pull off many different looks with the same pair of pants, whereas if you get pants that are super tapered you wouldn't really be able to pull off a lot of looks..As I have a very limited budget this is actually what I do and it works for me. I can wear a pair of pants one day and look super preppy using other articles of clothing, and then wear the exact same pair of pants the next day and look completely different..TL/DR - versatile clothing. Buy clothing that can suit many different looks until you decide exactly what look you're going for.
Here's how I'd do it: .Step one) Go to tumblr / pinterest / browse these forums, find a ton of looks YOU like, and save all the pictures to a folder. .Step two) Go through those looks and try to figure out exactly why you like them, as well as any common themes.Step three) Go through your clothes and decide what matches up with the things in step two, or conversely, why you DON'T like the clothes you have. .Step four) Slowly, buy new clothes. Don't start with a single shirt you saw and loved for $80 that you can wear once every two weeks, maybe start with a pair of really well fitting jeans or chinos you can wear lots, or some nice shoes you can wear a lot, etc.  .Step five) Add items you like and remove items from your wardrobe. 
What tags do you search on tumblr?

Spend it slowly!! Think and plan out your purchases carefully and try to pick versatile items that will work with eachother slowly buy your clothes.  Maybe buy a couple tshirts and  pants/jeans an OCbd and just slowly phase out your old stuff.  There is a graphic tee guide if you search for it

Thanks I was on mobile and linking stuff is hard...
No problem.
just accept your wardrobe prob is crap and will be for a while while you build it up. .start with basics like tees, jeans/chinos, and casual shoes. 
513 or 514 should be similar but you should try them on in store if you can
I would but the problem is I need a 36 for the inseam which is pretty hard to find in a store. 
[deleted]
6'3", all my current pants are 34s and they are a bit short. 36's will probably be a bit long but I would rather that.
ooooh. in that case get the measurements for your pants that you currently have and compare them to the levis measurements
Measurements as in waist and inseam? 
right and leg opening and so on.
oh ok I never thought about that. and Levis has the leg opening measurements on their site? 
ugh i just checked and they dont, you could try emailing their customer service and asking for their measurements for those pants. .sidenote, i hate it when companies dont just give you measurements
Actually on . page they do. .Edit: So actually the cords are about 15 inchs, the 513s are 15.25 and the 514 are 17 so it looks like I'm going with the 513's.
oh awesome, guess i just suck at internet shopping. best of luck anyway m8
I agree with the_sylvan, but the question does come up why do you wash you clothes so often? I normally get 5+ wears out of something dark 1-3 times if it's lighter before it needs a washing
Eh, the cleaner the better. Most of my clothes can go through the wash just fine so I'm used to using it often. With these I guess I'll just have to adjust..Thanks!
u don't need to wash jeans nearly that much
Wash cold water, inside out. Hang dry. You shouldn't have anything to worry about.
Thanks, will do.
was expecting houston's very own white jesus
Just get some .. Still fashionable and protects the parts that needs it the most.
I was just wondering what they were called. I live in the driest of dry climates, though, so the only way I could see any purpose in buying either one would be to buy spats for a steampunk cosplay, which I'm not into anyway.

Thank you. Apparently, not only was a fashionable trend at the turn of the century, but also to protect from mud/rain.
You should check out the sidebar. Under "Event Advice" and then "Weddings." It's literally a day or two days before D-day, so I don't think there are many options for you other than to go to a suit store and pick your best fit..If you care about fit, take the time to read the sidebars. I hate to be "that guy" but if you don't help yourself, people are going to roll their eyes at common questions. .I don't know what to say man, this vague time-pressured question and vague description literally comes up every day. I wish you all the best, and next time, give yourself some more time if you want to pick a decent suit! All the best!
Sorry I posted from mobile at work and you can't see side bars. Ill check it out when I can get to my laptop. Thanks! 
Yeah no worries! Just out of curiosity, send me a pic of what you get! :)
Went to Jos A Bank an got a suit that is currently at the tailor! Along with a fitted shirt and a skinny black and white tie! Love everything I bought! 
Glad to know everything went well! Man, I need to get me a new suit sometime soon too.
Some one at the wedding suggested Express. Express had never even crossed my mind pertaining to suits. Any thoughts? 
Never crossed my mind either; I don't have an opinion of them sorry. 
As you want to keep it inexpensive, I suggest common retail clothing stores. Sears, or the Bay sells suits for as low as $100. I wouldn't say they're amazing, but I don't know what you're looking for.
well whats your budget like? Stores around you?
Hey, I was browsing, and found some talk about Express. Thought you'd appreciate it.
Navy would probably work with all of these. Pick up a solid navy (I'd go with knit since it will be casual) and that will go a long way. After that, just buy ties you like that will go with at Least two shirts.
I do have a nice navy I picked up with the white shirt.
I guess a little more background, I've been wearing charcoal pants with a black cap toe, or khaki chinos with brown sperry's.
Have you checked out .? It is hands-down one of my favorite sites. They have a ton of ties organized by color, material, etc. and they even let you try different shirts and jackets with the shirt. You should check it out, I've never been disappointed with a tie from there.
Awesome site, solid prices!
I think I've got my handful I'm going to order if anyone wants to check them out, I feel like with the shirts I posted above I can make quite a few combos with these:
Nice selection of ties. :) I especially like the navy/blue plaid. Glad I could help! I love how the prices are fixed, they're a great company.
Suits. If you have grandparents who got nice suits rather than intensely fashionable ones in the 50s/60s, then if you're a similar size they may own things that are nicer than anything you can afford..Edit: Similarly, you can really boost a shirt or shoe wardrobe. Even ties.
Oddly enough, fashion is kinda swinging "back" towards te 50s, so tons of stuff. Sweaters, jeans, shoes are all things that could be used. 
if it fits and doesnt look goofy. lots of repro brands have actually built a lot of this sort of concept. some examples are levis vintage clothing, the real mccoys, merz b schwanen, and velva sheen but there are quite a few really.
just buy slim, dark jeans. levis. uniqlo. such jeans are very on trend right now and every store will have an option. .boots and nice shoes are going to be more pricey. its why we recommend clarks boots here all the time - they're cheap and go with the above jeans. i work at an agency and most of the creatives dress this way, minus the tie.
I'd say whether you can wear jeans depends on the balance of power in the interview room. If you think . should want ., and you walk in there in jeans and a sport coat (and look good doing so), I can't see a problem. But if you are just one ordinary candidate out of many, it wouldn't do to act like a hot shot. I'd definitely recommend dark, unfaded jeans in any case.
can women post in this subreddit? i have a husband that i style, if that counts!.i work at a VERY casual agency and it's not ok to wear jeans to an interview. you should always dress smart and then learn the culture. i'd go for more of a black dress pants/blue button down. you can add in brown shoes and belt for more of an off-beat, casual look with 3/4 length rolled up sleeves. or, you can dress it up with a tie and black belt and shoes, tucked in, no rolled sleeves.
You're absolutely right about dress pants; I should add you'll probably want flat-front with creases (.) but they needn't be black (try navy, charcoal or khaki). You . do dress chinos without creases for a more relaxed business casual look, but you'll still need a jacket. I'll just leave this here: .A button down shirt is . casual and would need to be accompanied by a sports coat, but can be worn without a tie - sure you don't mean button up? I definitely wouldn't advise OP to show up in just a button down shirt with rolled up sleeves unless he's 100% sure it's a very informal interview, as OCBDs with rolled up sleeves are normally for lounging around the house..As for shoes, I suggest a semi-brogue blucher in brown with a matching leather belt. Adding a watch with a matching leather strap nicely demonstrates attention to detail.
I mean button down dress shirt, not like a flannel
Thanks for the input. I realized, After reading through all of these,  is that I just need to dress up as far as I feel comfortable . And adjust how formal it is before I go casual. What's important is I just own whatever I decide to wear and be confident. But yea. There's enough "be formal!" posts here to make me just play it safe. .Thanks all for input. 
Idk what kinda job you're looking for, but skinny jeans and a suit jacket is pretty much a horrible combination for that, and is just going to make you look like a narcissistic asshole. .Overdress the interview, 100% of the time, ive worn a 2 or 3 piece suit, and always get complements on how i dress for interviews. (And job offers ;) ).also, its Good to overdress the first few days on the job until you see what all your coworkers are wearing. Where I work I could probably rock jeans and a polo on Fridays, but every other day it's slacks and button down or bust. 
Thing is, I'm a writer not a sales person. it really does depend on where I'm going for an interview. at the office I work now, when I went for my second interview with the creative director I dressed down a bit. they told me this office is casual and just don't be too revealing and you're good. I can literally get away with tshirts in this office. This is also my first real real job, so I guess it's also setting me up for some bad expectations. .Edit : Btw I have always worn super formal to interviews. I think I just own a casual look in the way I carry myself. Not that I think I'm goofy or whatever. Well I guess I sorta do. 
If this is a job interview I would not wear jeans. Having said that if you are looking to freelance for an agency and just showing your writing samples this is a pretty good look..I worked as a freelance commercial and advertising photographer for 5 years and met with quite a few major agencies wearing stuff that looked like what you posted. I never thought that an agency was any less recpetive to me because of wearing jeans.
Copywriter at a major agency here. Don't wear jeans, as others have said. Yes, I wear jeans (and sometimes t shirts) to work very often, but interviews are different. Just swap in chinos instead, the rest of the outfit is good.
yes. I honestly don't even own a pair of chinos. 
alpha khakis my friend. after my first pair, i now dread wearing jeans.
Seriously. Chinos is a great option to look casual without being too casual. And look "business" without being too formal. For a more casual office, chinos and a blazer is a great combo.
Work in fashion here and I can say we kind of look at people who don't wear jeans/casual slacks (think Life After Denim) as kind of out of touch.... Though I work in a very "CA" style centric business. That being said we are a small demo in the grand scheme of things.... 
To my knowledge, a button down dress shirt is a bit of an oxymoron. Button down isn't specific to a certain fabric though, so you can of course choose a dressy fabric. Inherently, button down means that the collar tips have small buttons . so it's a more casual type of shirt collar, mainly because it signifies that the wearer is physically active and need the added support to keep his tie in place (although now typically worn without a tie altogether). A button up is the "classic" shirt, if you will, as the collar tips are flat and normally stiffened by collar stays. From time to time, you might see someone wearing a button down shirt with a tie, but it's a curiosity not unlike the ..
Awesome thanks for the perspective. Clarks is a great brand. I might invest in a pair. 
That's a good point. I'm going to make sure I have a look for every scenario. 
Could you provide a link for said boots? Thank you in advance :)
Ebay is also a good place to look. Copped a pair of bushacres for $58 + shipping new in box. 

When in doubt, over dress. Nothing wrong in looking conservative to a interview, just shows that you're professional. 
This has been my mantra as well. I've worn a suit to engineering interviews where everyone else basically wore shirts or polos, if that. Doesn't matter as long as you feel comfortable. I think of it as the ultimate show of respect towards the employer, and it also doesn't hurt to exude credibility and professionalism if the position you're applying for fits that description. I am not in creative, mind you...
I work at an agency. Pick up some dark raws, Uniqlo/Levis/Unbranded/etc. all have options under $100. You could also go for slim chinos, which IMO would be slightly better for an interview..Get a basic dress shirt (OCBDs are good) and, if you want, H&M makes decent cheap blazers..Drop some decent money on the shoes - CDBs or Stafford wingtip boots are good <$100 options, but if you have the cash to invest there are a lot better options in the $150-400 range. The guide on the sidebar can give some good suggestions..Don't feel like a tie is required - most agencies don't care about one for a creative interview and your CD will probably only wear one if he's pitching new business.
Why raws?
Raws or one-wash jeans tend to be a little bit dressier than faded denim.
Awesome,  thanks . Good looks at on the dark color. Looks so much more professional without even trying. 
I'm just commenting to vouch for the H&M blazer, I got mine on sale for ~ $60 and it's still in pretty good shape 18 months later.
Washed denim that is uniform dark in color are probably just as good or better. They don't need to be raw.
If he's planning on using them only for interviews and such, I'd actually go for dark washed denim so he wouldn't have to worry about them fading.
Or getting dye all over the chair he's sitting in. That wouldn't be a very good impression. 
At least then the interviewer would know he was cool.
If the selvedge didn't tip him off first
I really wish I wouldn't get downvoted for admiting I don't know what i'm talking about and being wrong. kind of discouraging to ask for advice. 
Don't take that personally, there's assholes everywhere, it's a valid question that I used to usually ask my older more professional friends when I was younger too.
Someone has been downvoting everything in the threads recently, I wouldn't worry about it, we love to have people joining this subreddit with no idea of what they're doing. It's a place to learn and develop. 
It is almost never ok to wear jeans to a job interview.
You sure? If the environment of work is that kind of casual, can't I come in something nice that I would wear to work? I feel like I have to sell myself as this kind of personality. Friendly and young. they're hiring new creative talent. no? Just come in the same formal shit the account people come in with?
You can be semi-formal, but unless you're interviewing for an engineering job, and the people doing the interviews are engineers, you don't wanna wear jeans..ex: I interview people for client-facing jobs at an SF tech company (where people routinely wear tshirts and funky jeans), but you damn well aught to show up to my interview in chinos and a button up shirt (tie is totally optional, full suit might be too much) if you want me to take you seriously.
I did say . never. It obviously very much depends on the atmosphere of the company, and the demeanor of the person you'll be interviewing with. Typically wearing jeans to a job interview doesn't come off as "friendly and young" or "creative", it comes off as "disrespectful" and "sloppy". Like you don't care enough to bother putting on something nice. Even if they are ok with you dressing like that for your daily work, most HR types expect you to dress it up a little for the interview.
I know people always say it's better to be overdressed, but I think it's almost a little bad to overdress for this kind of position. don't want to come off as too stern or flat. I think it's ok to dress a little different. like the kind of look that says, "I'm cool and my work speaks for myself". let me join your team. ".But yeah I guess it also depends on who i'm interviewing with. if i'm interviewing the HR person they probably just expect the same. and don't really give two shits how you want to look. 
Last job I got, at the interview I was wearing khakis and a button down shirt. There was no HR department. The founders were in shorts and barefoot. I was in technology but pretty sure that was how the interviews went. 
well, you shouldn't show up in a formal suit if you aren't going to feel comfortable doing so. but, your resume/work/personality should do the talking for you; whoever is interviewing you will know how to identify if you have a unique quality they are looking for. i think dressing formal for an interview shows the potential employer respect and that you are taking their time seriously. 
HR personnel that do interviews look at how you dress like a woman on a first date. Don't fool yourself into thinking that you're dressing to fit in. You're not in their group, don't assume they want you there. Assume that you're at the bottom of the ladder clawing your way up, because admit it, you ARE at the bottom.
truth. 
Generally, if a place wants you to come business casual to an interview they will say it.  Otherwise you'll never be faulted for wearing a suit even if you're interviewing at a casual place.  Dressing like that once you get the job (Good Luck!) is more acceptable.
It widely varies on the industry and area. It's very difficult to determine how competent someone actually is in an interview. You can get a general idea. Most interviews seem to be more about how well do you fit in and how do you think. Dressing the part can make you look like you fit in off the bat..Creative industries don't have quite as strict a dress code for interviews or work places. It's almost expected to be a little quirky (be it visible non-ear piercings, tattoos, or dress) but within means. Quite a few of my friends are designers for ad agencies and went to their interviews in outfits similar to the one OP posted..I work in tech in Silicon Valley where the dress code for most companies is don't have your naughty bits hanging out (dress code ranges from jeans and a tee to slacks and button-up). I went to interviews in slacks and a button-up..You may not be faulted for over-dressing, but depending on the industry over-dressing can make you look out of place. You want to look like you fit in with the group.
I'm a hiring manager in my company, and while what you say does hold merit, I would give an applicant that overdresses a higher rating compared to one that dresses down. .Granted, I've had people come in dressed in beach wear for interviews, so my view on this is a bit skewed. .Really, OP just needs to remember to press his clothes the night before, make sure the fit is right, and feel comfortable in his choice in clothes for the interview. The rest should fall into place and he should exude confidence when talking to the interviewer.
DC: check out the boutiques in georgetown (.).Depending on your size/fit.. I really like Hugh&Crye: 
Hi there,.DC Resident Here. I highly recommend Georgetown and Dupont for your clothing options. If you are interested in suits Dupont has some GREAT options. If you want general mall-style Nordstrom, JCrew etc then head on up to Friendship Heights and there are a lot of clothing options and you can get there via metro.
M Street in Georgetown (DC). .Also, Tyson's Corner is MASSIVE. It will have Lord and Taylor, Macy's, etc..If you want to go to places like Neimen Marcus, Tyson's Corner 2 is across the street..Stay away from Landmark Mall, and Pentagon City..From DC go to the Verizon City Metro, and head to West Falls Church Metro station (orange line) take a cab to Tyson's (it'll be about a $10-$15 cab ride).You'll be floored at the amount of stores/restaurants/bars there..For the lazy:.Also, if you're into going to bars or drinking/dancing; check out Adams Morgan in DC. It's a ton of fun.
+1 for friendship heights. another mall w a good selection is PentagonCity which is also metro accessible. PentCity is a bit more urban tho
Frank Stella in NYC.  The one on the Upper West Side, not the one on Seventh Avenue.  
Make sure to cross the street (really more like a mini-highway, so cross it with your car) from Tyson's Corner to Tyson's Galleria, the high-end version of that mall.  Among interesting things, it's got a Bottega Veneta, Salvadore Ferragamo, Ermengildo Zegna, and Ralph Lauren.  I don't know if their Neiman Marcus stocks Men's clothing.  It's an interesting place to just see.
The neiman marcus isn't great but it has some cool stuff like incotex..The saks is pretty big though, I'm sure you can find something there.
Nordstrom*
Well as long as you feel good correcting me I guess.
Haha, it just bothers me when people get the name wrong. It would bother people if everyone called it "JCrews" or "Banana Republics".
Check out Carson Street Clothiers in Soho, NYC. Pricey stuff, but is definitely worth exploring the store. It's amazing because it one of the first true menswear stores in the city, but they did a great job with it.
What? And yes, the Tyson's Corner mall is ridiculously huge, but I'm not sure I'd send anyone there because it doesn't have much unique stuff--most are the sorts of chains you can find in other places or even online. Sure, you get them all in one place (and I do mean . of them), but not really special outside of that..M St NW in Georgetown, of course, is the classic and obvious option, in particular the . store and . (custom shirt makers. On O Street in Georgetown). There are also a number of smaller boutiques in U St, Adams Morgan, Dupont Circle, and even in the "downtown" area.
for dc, georgetown and dupont. check out the barbour boutique its awesome. so much to see in nyc.

That's pure gold, nice one.

Also actually known known as Gallery Place/Chinatown.I'd say if you are over 25 years old actually do not ever go there. I'd recommend DuPont Circle instead. 
I'm 36, so I'll take that advice ;)
For actual hiking I think the second or first pair would be better. But if this is a fashion statement mixed with everyday practicality, I'd go with the Northface Ballard. They do have another version seen . that I think looks better. If you have a decent sized wallet though, I'd definitely check out . They're made in USA too!.Side note: I've tried on the ballards when I was considering them and they are perfectly true to size, as well as very comfortable, with pretty good quality overall.

So if I want a fit closer to 508s, should I go with the skinny guys? I guess I'd rather err on the side of tight.
weird guys are a bit looser than 501s.slim guys are a bit looser than 514s.skinny guys are a bit looser than 511s.super skinny guys are a bit looser than 510s (probably looser than 511s too tbh).n&f does not make anything as tight as 510s. weird guys will literally be twice the size of 510s..if you need skinny raws get a different brand like april77 or something, n&f jeans are fat person sized
Man if you think 511's are fat person sized I don't think you know anyone who runs cross country. Thick legs on skinny people. In all likelihood I probably misread your statement, but it comes across as "Anything bigger than 511=fat". 
This. I don't get how people equate the Weird Guys to 511s.  Weird guys are roomier up top while still being tapered.  511s are low rise and narrower up top and throughout..Having owned 511s, 513s, 514s, and weird guys all in a tagged sized 30, the weird guys fit closest to the 513s and stretched out to be slightly roomier in the waist than I'd prefer..I'd recommend taking your tagged Levis size and size down 1 for the weird guys.
Weird guys are almost a bit baggy really... you'll want skinny guys or super skinny guys
says the guy with sticks for legs and no ass. :)
I'm actually really conscious of how large my thighs are... My 511s feel tight there, but my legs get really thin under the knee (I should try 508s...)... And I have a great ass, thank you very much!
Lol, I was just making an assumption for a quick jab at you.  I tried on weird guys and they were practically spandex on me.
Really, mine are still fitted on me definitely, but the skinny guys are too slim for me... I should look into getting a pair of slim guys or something... Truth is, the only reason I own a pair of weird guys is because they're the rainbow fades...
I feel like based on your description of your legs, you'll have to go with a more aggressive taper as opposed to a skinny or a straight-slim.  .I've given up on finding off-the-rack jeans.  I just got my pair of gustins in last month and am getting them tailored (tapered) soon.
The problem with having an agressive taper, as I tried for myself is that it will make me look incredibly top heavy.  There's a lot of space under my knee but it makes my not look like clown shoes and makes my body appear less like entirely an upside down triangle from my shoulders to my ankles.
Well it's all relative.  You don't want carrots for legs, but there's certainly an acceptable shape for a taper.
Oh for sure, but I find my proportions work better with less of a taper... but it's annoying when I'm cuffing or rolling (I don't know how I feel about pinrolling, it creates a weird silhouette) and my ankle has a halo.  My favourite taper, I found so far, is on my Alphas... I think those work pretty ok.
You could try asking . , but you might have to size down heavily on the WeirdGuys as they're a looser model compared to N&F other models (SkinnyGuy & SuperskinnyGuy, SlimGuy).To be sure completely sure, I would recommend taking measurements of your 510's and compare them to the sizing charts 
510s are probably closest to the superskinny guy or a sized down skinny guy.denim usually will stretch a bit so you can size down to get a tighter fit in the legs if you so desire.the best way to figure out is to take a measuring tape to your 510s and compare them to the n&f jeans measurements (like waist, inseam, thigh, knee, hem)
I'm pretty sure skinny guy is closest to 510's.  Weird guys are more like 511's
Skinny guy is actually more like the 513 than the 510. Weird guys are somewhere between the 508 and 511.N&F has a super skinny guy cut but I've never actually worn it.
I too am in the exact same boat as you, and i haven't had much success yet. Mobile right now, so i can't share my find thus far with you, but i will as soon as I can. Also commenting to come back and see what other say! 
I like the Kenneth Cole Durango: (.)
I've had my FHT for a year now and I'm definitely satisfied for the price. There are some frayed threads by the zipper though that bother me. The camel piss will draw lots of attention for about two months. I can take some pictures when I get home tonight if you are interested.
I have the FHT Escape. I love it. It's slightly smaller than the Professor - so look at the Classic. It's a water buffalo hide. No smell. 
This is way under $200, but it is one of my favorite bags. I always get compliments on it, and it goes well with pretty much any outfit. 
Alright, so here is what Ive found thus far in my hunt.  . make a decent array of sizes and shapes of messenger bags.  Havent pulled the trigger on one for myself yet because i think they might be a little wide for my taste.  . has this leather messenger option.  Its even under $100.  I'm personally leaning toward this one, as it has the padded laptop compartment im looking for, as well as other organizing and slim width for a very reasonable price..You have already found Far horizon traders which makes reasonable one, except i dont like the fact there is no lining/organizing within them..Also there are a fair share of good ones to be found through amazon, which are all reasonable priced and seem of solid quality.  .I havent looked myself, but im sure that Etsy would have some as well, but they will probably be over your budget.  .Lastly, i beleive there is a sidebared topic about bags, which has tons of links to types and styles and companies to look at in the post as well as the comments.  Keep hunting!
Just got a bag in from Copper River Bags a week or so ago and I love it. They also have great customer service, I got a color I didn't like and they exchanged it with pretty much no questions asked and expedited the shipping..They do take a while to make the bags, though, but that's understandable.
Those colors just sound bad to me, idk why..Try the sidebar ------>.Will you be wearing a suit or just the vest? It's summer so it'd look more fitting if you were wearing a suit sans vest, or even nice chinos and a nice linen blazer.
I really don't want to spend $200 on a blazer. I'm going to be giving them some cash as well. I just don't want to spend too much. Is it really necessary, can I not just go with a nice shirt and tie and dress pants or is that frowned upon?...I've seen people go without blazers before.
General consensus seems to be: blazer, no tie > no blazer, no tie > no blazer, tie. Maybe try something cheap, since it won't be worn often. Zara, H&M, etc. have decent blazers for ~60 CAD it looks like.
Well I'm trying to avoid a blazer because the weather is supposed to be really hot this weekend and the wedding will be held outdoors. Any color suggestions?
You're going to a wedding, so I would reccomend keeping it clean. (The focus should be on the couple, not you).Personal favourite suit is a navy-blue, tight suit..Have a nice day! :)
I suggest a jacket...it's a wedding after all, celebrate the occasion.  Put it on for the ceremony and take it off right after.  You will look much more professional and when you approach that cute girl at the bar when you arrive at the reception you can do a dramatic ., "how you doinnn?"
Second this.
Lavender is a flower, which is how it can be both a scent and a color..Anyway, consider not buying from Indochino.  It sounds good in theory, but I've seen a lot of really poorly made suits that had to be redone, and in my mind it's not really worth the hassle.  .If you don't feel comfortable measuring yourself, going to a tailor will probably be better.
Do not measure yourself. You 100% want somebody else to measure you. If you try and measure yourself, you will not get the best results, I guarantee it. They have videos, so if you have a clothing-competent wife/girlfriend/mom/friend/dog then you can have them do it instead of a tailor, but you really do need somebody else's eye as opposed to your own..That being said, I personally don't love their "house cut" and depending on your body type, it could come great and it could come not so great. Do the measurements as best as you and your helper can, and triple check them all..The collar refers to the shape of the wings (wings?) in front, as opposed to the "size and height" of it. A spread collar has a big "gap" in the front, implying that you use a larger tie knot. .Good choice on the cuffs; fairly standard. French cuffs mean that you need cuff links, so if you don't have those, you would need them. But I don't think you should; you're just a groomsman, so don't play it too flashy..Go with whatever of lining you want on the back of the vest. Match it to the lining of your jacket? It's your call, and in theory only the girl you go home with at the end of the night would see it: when you take off your jacket to charm her in the sack..Pleats are the vertical lines between the zipper and the pockets on pants. Functionally, they are "bunched" fabric to allow more room to maneuver in the seat of your pants. Stylistically, they are a no-no. Hit the google if you want a look. 
Unfortunately we don't have a choice on where to order from, it's the groom's call on that one. But thanks for the input.
Indochino has lot's of reviews here on ., it's a polarizing brand. . - Have a friend take your measurements, and follow the site's directions. A tailor can do a good job, but may be measuring from different point than what Indochino wants. Indochino has mixed reviews on first time fits, you may have to send it back or bring it to a tailor afterwards (though that's not atypical for Off The Rack suits). . - Medium point and spread are your best options. Either will work fine for almost all people. Only choose french cuffs if you already have a set of cufflinks. . - I'd actually choose the option to "use vest fabric instead of lining for the back." if that's an option for you. Otherwise choose black or gray. Don't one of the brighter colors/patterns.. - Yes I'd avoid the pleats. .Good luck. If you have any other questions please feel free to ask.  
Awesome, thanks. I guess according to my head shape, the medium point works best. And I'm going to avoid the french cuffs and pleats.
Out of curiosity, when's the wedding? Hopefully you have at least 2 months. Odds are almost certain at LEAST one of you will need a full remake of the suit, fyi. 
It's in November, so it looks like we've got plenty of time? Is Indochino THAT unreliable? 'Cause shit's expensive.
I think unreliable is the wrong word, more like inconsistent. .It's hard to get the measurements right, for one, and (apparently) even with the same measurements, they don't always produce identical results. Looking at Indochino reviews on here, it's very common for suits to need remakes. I don't think that's necessarily indicative of poor quality, it's just really hard to get made to measure with the setup Indo uses. .If you've got the time and patience to go through their process, you can get pretty good results. Just cound on at least one of you needing to send a suit back. I'd get to ordering as soon as possible. November is still a long way away, but break that into 4-6 week chunks, and it's closer than it seems. 
Cool, all good suggestions. Thank you.
1) You'll probably have to send it back, or at least take it to a tailor, to get a really good fit. Such is the nature of made-to-measure clothing on a first attempt. The end result is generally pretty amazing, although I don't have any personal experience with Indochino..2) Spread collar should be fine. French cuffs would be okay at a wedding, but you pretty much need that sort of occasion to pull them off. .3) Pleats won't necessarily make you look like a dick, but they will make you look terrible.
Excellent. All advice taken, thank you.
I've heard good things about the Brooks Brothers Milano cut, but I don't think it's as slim as some. But I also don't think you want quite as slim with dress pants as more casual pants. 
norse projects, wings+horns, left field, rogue territory
Why wouldn't you go MTM at those prices?  What is the advantage of getting those brands versus something tailored?
I definitely agree but how does the quality of MTM hold up?.And if I'm looking for wool slacks, what would your recommendations be for the places I should go..So far I'm considering proper cloth, modern tailor, and suitsupply. what are your suggestions for MTM shops
Awesome. Thanks for the suggestion.I'm actually looking to buy them in person would you have any recommendations for physical stores?.I'm in NYC
I'm sure these brands can be found at Barneys, Saks, or any if the literally dozens of menswear stores in NYC.
he just wanted some brands, you're very right, but i dont know enough about MTM to suggest that to someone
For slacks I personally haven't done it.  I've only gotten shirts from NiAlma, and an overcoat from indochino, both of which I think for the money are as good as you can get.  The only thing better would be to spend the top dollars and get it truly bespoke.
I have heard good things about the 3 you mentioned though, the most positive reviews from suitsupply.  They have shops you can go to if you live in a major city.
Not as nice as Daltons, but Urban Outfitters used to have wing tip boots. Looks like there's some on .. Or else a search for "." should find you something affordable.

Never liked the online MTM suit websites. So much can go wrong with the fit of a suit and I'd never risk it with this kind of venture. .I suspect at that price range, this one isn't going to impress anyway. .Suit Shop opened up recently for the eastern states, prices starting at around ~$800 for half-canvassed MTM suits I believe, from the guys that run P. Johnson. Much better bet if you can stretch your budget. .At around that price range, MJ Bale is another option. 
One other place I've considered is . It looks as though it's based in Hong Kong. A great selection of fabrics and good prices but very little information on how their suits are made which makes me think they are cheaply made fused jackets
If you're looking to buy a "made-to-measure" suit online, I have used . in the past. They were very good, even scrutinising my measurements and (luckily) catching a few measurements that would have been 2-3cm off. IIRC its a guy in Sydney and he basically orders your suit from asia, which is doing what everyone always says ("why not just fly to asia?"). The website may look a bit old, but I got exactly what the promised and I am still very happy with my suit 6 months on. 
I'm also an . buyer. I bought a $399 suit last year which was cheap for a full canvas suit and like NN89 above over 6 months on I still wear it regularly and it looks as good as the day I bought it which is pretty good for a $399 suit. The website isn't good but after a while you get the hang of it and navigation isn't a problem. There is some great suits there as well..I spent a little more on my second suit and paid $999 for a suit made from Holland & Sherry wool. It's a great suit to wear. Lightweight with a beautiful soft fabric that I can wear all year round. If you have ever looked into high class fabrics you will know what a bargain $999 for a H&S is..Crap website but cheap well made suits makes the effort worth it
Thanks for the suggestions, you're very helpful.
TM Lewin just opened up a couple of shops in Australia and they also have some of their stuff in Myer. Suits range from $300-400..Someone else mentioned MJ Bale. I've got 2 of their suits and they are fantastic. 
To be honest the company isn't giving off the first best impression from the get go, both buttons done on the suit, added with the fact that the guy in the brown suit's sleeves are about an inch too long and kinda flare make it seem like they have no idea how a suit should fit.
Have you got a link or any info for suit shop?
Here's their email:

Email below and also the guy that runs it is a member and chats in the Australian Thread at Style Forum. 
Never tried it but $389 for a brand new suit expect low-average quality
You won't be able to find this particular jacket anywherepeople have been asking about it for years and nobody's ever been able to find something quite like it. .The . and . are somewhat similar although they're both in the $200-$300 range IIRC (and given that we're only a few weeks into summer, you're going to have a hard time finding either of them in stock right now). 
damn. Well thanks for trying, seriously. At least that'll put me out of my misery. I'll peruse until i find something that satisfies the need. Seriously thank you so much for the time.
Actually, if you like the Spiewak and happen to be a size large, . is a good deal. Unfortunately, it's final sale onlyI personally wouldn't take the risk.
Why don't you get the Red Wing Beckman from nordstrom for $199 during their anniversary sale on 7-19-2013. those are better bang for your buck compare to the Frye Arkansas.
I am looking for a boot for fall/winter that will be good for walking outdoors. I know wolverine 1000miles are typically recomended but I don't think a leather sole would be good for a Canadian winter. I've also looked into redwings but I'm not too sure how into them I am. I found this Arkansas boot from Frye and I'm wondering if anyones had experience? (PS the color is chestnut I am looking at). Thank you
I ordered a pair and returned them. The pebble grain on the leather is much more pronounced in person, kinda looked like a football.
You'd be better off spending that money on a higher quality boot
What do you consider higher quality? Is this one of those hive mind only Red Wing, Wolverine, or (in a pinch) Chippewa will do circle jerk statements?
Yes basically every brand you just said. And it's not just a circle jerk, these brands have established themselves and have maintained their heritage and their quality has been established and tested (Despite AE uppers being made offshores now). Frye used to be made in the USA, but since 2002, after being bought by Jimlar, there quality has steadily declined with the same price point. 
I have a new pair made in the US, and they compare well to my made in the US 1000 Miles. There are many Wolverine and Red Wing boot styles made outside the US, and those are fairly shitty so you can't give those brands a free pass.  Most brands have more than one line at varying price points and places of manufacture..From what I've seen, Allen Edmonds have huge quality control issues but they get the circle jerk free pass most of the time..Personally I'm a fan of all the mentioned US made brands, but there is no way I would say any of them are THAT much better than the other, that would just be fanboyism..The AE, CDB, 1K Mile, and Red Wing being the end all be all of footwear is just tired. It's just people reposting the same blanket opinions over and over again.
I was speaking in terms of the heritage, and IK collection (their other styles are outsourced), and chippewas are made in the US. And they are by no means the end all be all of footwear. If we are talking purely based on materials...then a John Lobb chelsea boot will be the end all be all of boots. But even then, a red wing or even a bean boot will probably outlast it. But in my opinion, you cannot put frye in the same category as alden, IK and RW. Yes, they are a good alternative if you are looking to spend less, and the styling is inoffensive enough. But if I'm investing into footwear, I'm going to go with brands that are fairly established. There is a reason there is a "circlejerk" over these brands and not frye's
Frye has been around as well. Sure, I would not compare them to Alden (and didn't) but I do view the 1K line as a bit overrated.  I love them, but they aren't worthy of multiple threads devoted to guys unpacking their factory second boots. .I see the points you make, but a $350 pair of 1K don't feel better made than a $250 pair of made in the US Frye boots. I actually prefer my chromexel Wolverines over the calf Fryes (i just love cxl) BUT they aren't made any better.
Personally I prefer the cxl to the calf. Just like you, it's partly due to preference. I personally prefer the full leather sole more than the rubber that the frye uses.
For sure, but for OP these make sense for winter - but rubber soles just look clunky and mess with the aesthetic.
Yep, I personally would recommend him getting a "shit weather" boot like bean boots or kathadins. Then a nicer pair for wearing around in the fall/less harsh winter days. I think a resole-able leather sole boot would be great for the latter
going by the looks alone, i love it,, awesome boot, based on quality MFA will get upset, but you have to look at your situation, do you want these boots to last 10 years or are you OK with 2-3 years (2-3 might not be a bad thing, I personally don't want to wear the same boots for 10 years no matter how durable they are)
I've some Frye boots, no issues with them - good quality and they seem to go on sale a bit more often than Wolverines. 
The quality isn't bad. Think cole haan vs allen edmonds. Yes they are a little less money, but overall in the same "price spectrum", but in the end...the edmonds and the wolverines will save you money in the long run.
i have this in redwood and it held up well in snow last year. granted it was only a couple of inches as we had a mild winter but these are low maintenance and good quality. I got mine for 200 from a macy's sale.
I would do it. 
chucks are like 45 bucks so why not
Yea they're about $45-50 here so I would go for it. They aren't very expensive shoes so if you end up regretting it you aren't losing a huge investment. 
its maybe like $45 for the standard canvas chucks
paid $50 for a pair in new york city, so they're bound to be even cheaper elsewhere in NY/NJ.
Yeah. I mean you have pretty constant sales on chucks, converse, jp, etc. I'd say online sales are more common than just NYC based tho
Belt isn't really necessary, but it could look pretty good as long as it doesn't completely throw off the look of the outfit. As far as the fit, the shorts are too long and baggy. Try hemming them or grabbing a pair with a shorter inseam. Something about the fit of the shirt is off, but I can't really put my finger on it.
The shirt is a size too large for what he realistically should be wearing. He's just trying to hide the shape of his torso. 
If I went down a size and my gut is showing then what should I do cause that is honestly what is happening.  (I am a bigger guy)  If you look even on this fit you can see a bit of gut (and . man boobs .).  So should I still go down a size.
That shirt looks too short. When you raise your arms, your belly should no be visible. With a longer shirt, try tucking it in loosely. This should hide a slight belly, and make your upper torso look more muscular. .I would remove items from pockets so the shorts lose that big on top and small at legs look. You want your shorts to project a uniform slimming shape. .Belts are not just to hold up your pants, they tie the outfit together. You should always wear a belt..This last one is one of my pet peeves and not so much a popular opinion on fashion. Never go without socks unless you are wearing flip flops. Get the low cut no show socks. They will come just below your ankle and give an overall cleaner look. No socks = sweaty bacteria covered shoes and feet = not clean and smelly. 
I don't see my belly showing but rather underneath the shirt.  Does that mean my shirt is too short cause if so your comment conflicts with the other guys comment above.  Also it is common around here for people to say don't wear socks that even go to your ankle if anything get the ones that don't show at all.  Also I wear sockless quite a bit and am running a lot and the whole bacteria/sweaty/smelly thing is not an issue as long as I take a shower everyday (kind of gross if you don't)
The sock thing is my own preference and as I stated, not the popular opinion. No show socks are barely visible with shoes that you have pictured. They have to be more comfortable too. .When it comes to shirts, you can go tucked or untucked. Your build, the shirt style, and length will determine the best look. If your lower belly shows when you raid your arms, you are going to be showing the rest of the world your belly, and backside as you move around throughout the day. A slightly longer shirt will feel more comfortable and allow you more freedom to move around. The reason I suggest tucking it in was stated in my last comment. It also will give your shoulders a slightly raised look.
Start lifting and running, figure out what your total daily energy expenditure is (Google a tdee calculator), eat ~500 calories below that, drink lots of water and then find clothes that fit just right once you've lost some fat. Obviously a gut and man boobs are not attractive so keep doing what you're doing now. The shorts could stand to be a decent bit tighter, but the shirt should probably stay the same. The only thing worse then bagginess is too tight clothes on an ill shapen body. 
Ok I am doing all of those things (maybe I should count calories more/drink more water) but beyond that I am trying to make some decent fitting clothes now not to wait until I have lost weight cause that will probably be somewhere in six months or so to what I think is ok or maybe longer.
Meh. Eating at a strict 500 calorie deficit is going to lose you about 1-2 lbs a week of fat. Just keep at it and try on as many clothes as you can. Buy basic things that you won't feel terrible not wearing anymore if/when you reach wherever it is you want to be. .Edited for incorrect info and butthurtness.
That's why I thrift a lot.  That shirt and shorts were trifted for maybe $10 max so I am okay with it.
Smart guy. I should really start checking out the thrift scene in my town. Just crazy difficult finding things with a perfect fit with my monstrous thighs and shoulders lol.
First off, that's not how fat works..Secondly, don't give out nutrition advice when you clearly don't know shit..Thirdly, this guy doesn't need to . weight, he needs to CHANGE HIS BODY'S COMPOSITION. This means eating less sugars and processed garbage, and lifting heavy things(I find my body to be the easiest thing to lift; no gym required!). It's that fucking simple.
I'd like to think I know a little bit seeing as I've got abs and am fairly cut. Looks like I was incorrect about fat coming off the gut last, but it still takes a caloric deficit to lose the shit. Yes, he needs to get rid of sugars for the most part but the rest of the diet is exponentially more important. You may have missed the bit where I recommended he get lifting. Also, fuck off with your angry bullshit. Correct me when I'm wrong and add what you think necessary, but don't be a cunt about it.
Except you didn't give him any nutritional advice besides "eat 500 cal under maintenance" which is utter crap. He doesn't need to lose weight, he needs body recomp which means:.Exert yourself more: Sprints occasionally, lift frequently(2-3 times per week) and engage in low level activities like walking or 'tossin the ole pigskin around.'.Eat mainly proteins and fats from whole sources and whatever few carbs you'll get from leafy greens fruits and nuts, add carbs from tubers etc only if you're doing triathalons or some crazy shit. Eat until you're satiated..You know who else had abs and was cut? Zyzz. And that anecdote(and heart failure) is just as relevant as yours. "don't be a cunt"? how about don't give shitty medical advice?
Unless he wants to pay me to train him, no I'm not going to give him all the info he needs. He's a big boy. He can do the research himself. .He also doesn't NEED to recomp. Maybe he's happy with his size and just wants to lose fat. Maybe he doesn't wanna do any of this shit beyond just getting better fitting clothes. I was just tossing my two cents in and high level fitness theory is a little ways beyond where he's currently at. 

Now I know some things about nutrition and losing weight would be nice along with changing composition.  Also don't be so mean to the guy trying to give advice.  I knew what he meant in the end.  I think if you want to build muscle, lose weight, slim up you need to lift, do aerobic/anaerobic exercises, and eat better with more nutritional value.
Well to be fair the consignment shop which I like has t shirts for like $5-10 and pants/shorts for $10-20.  The jackets/shoes are more.  This seems like a lot but when I get my stuff they had a %50 off sale and got about 6 shirts and pants/shorts for $70.  The quality was some J. Crew as shown, some American Eagle as shown in the pic, some banana republic, and express plus other random brands not worth mentioning.  In the end it was kind of expensive especially for used/consignment shop/thrift shop but I can't find other good places to thrift really and the quality is decent enough with no major flaws like ever.
I'm not sure what the general consensus of MFA is, but when I see someone without a belt I immediately imagine them the be somewhat clueless. I know its not fair, but that the vibe it gives off to me. So I say wear a belt, always. I'm actually curious if others agree with me or not..As for color, I personally don't try too hard to match, particularly outside of black/brown shoes. I think there is a bit of leeway, particularly with casual shoes.
This. For some odd reason I often consider people who don't wear belts to be somehow boring and plain. I myself have 2 belts: 1 brown and 1 black. I just match them with my shoes, and when I wear white shoes I just pick the one I find more appealing (usually the brown one)
There are plenty of pants that don't require a belt and thus would look odd . one, for example pants with side-tab adjusters, or cut for wearing with braces, or with some type of built-in tie. Swim trunks, for example.
Of course wearing belts with swim trunks is stupid. I think you're being a bit pedantic. Its like saying that he's wrong because wearing belts with gym shorts looks awful.  I think he meant anything that can be worn with a belt like jeans, chinos, slacks, cargos, flat fronts, etc.
Shallow and pedantic
ok
I am in the same boat as you, my friend, and need to have most of my clothing altered.  .Here are some findings of mine:
Suit jackets:  make sure the length is correct, the shoulders fit and the arm holes work.  Much of the rest can be altered.
Pants:  make sure the waist fits and that the middle of the pants sit at the proper height (not too baggy under your crotch, etc..)  Length is an easy fix and taking in material to slim down the legs is also a simple procedure.
Shirts:  make sure the neck, arm holes and shoulders fit you properly.  Sleeve length and shirt width are easy to adjust.  Width typically can be dealt with either by putting darts in the back or taking in the shirt at the sides.  The better the initial fit, the easier it seems to be to nip things into shape..For your example where the arms are too tight, you are right that it is a very difficult/impossible fix..The easiest solution is to simple have your clothing made for you.  There are a few places that do this now at a fairly affordable price point.  Alton Lane is such a place though I have no experience with it personally, a good friend has enjoyed their process immensely.  
Just like getting a haircut, you don't really need to know the specifics. Just let them know what you want done and they'll figure it out from there. Just look for shirts that fit the shoulders well and the rest can be pretty easily/cheaply modified to fit correctly. 
How to talk to other humans 101....Learn how clothes should fit and how they can best flatter your body type. For example, my most common alteration is to have the sleeves narrowed and sides taken in on button front shirts. Using my verbal skills as a human being, I go to the tailors and tell them "I need the sleeves on this shirt narrowed and the sides taken in." If they don't understand, I keep explaining to them exactly what it is that I want until they figure it out. Don't let them correct you or start doing something that you know you don't want. If they give it back to you and it didn't turn out they way you wanted, have them fix it..If you find a good tailor and use them often, they will quickly get a sense of your individual style and you won't have to guide them as much. My tailors are foreign as hell, but they know me by name and can figure out what I need altered without me saying much. I bring in a shirt, they slim the sleeves and the waist. I bring in a suit jacket, they take in the waist and make sure I show some cuff. I bring in trousers, and they know that I prefer little to no break, even though the other 99% of their customers don't..It's like how people can't seem to tell the barber how to cut their hair. Figure out what hairstyle you like, bring in some pictures if you want, get input from the haircutter, and make the final decisions yourself. Don't be afraid to correct people along the way. I swear no one knows how to talk to people in real life anymore..P.S. Here are some useful links:.

Thanks this was very helpful..Information like that was what I was looking for.
Bring in an example of how you want it to look 
My tailors don't speak good English. What do. 
You need to be specific as to what you want. Telling someone to make it fit better isn't enough if they don't know you or your preferences. How are they supposed to know what you want if yo don't know what you want. So beforehand figure out - ok i need it slimmer here, a little shorter, etc. and tell them those instructions.
The tailoring guide in the sidebar will probably be more help then by post, but the biggest barriers with tailors are language and expectations. You've gotta use language that means something to them. "I want the sides taken it" "I want my shirt darted" "I want the legs tapered" will define to the tailor what you mean versus "I want this slimmer". Your tailor is also practically guaranteed to be a older gentleman, so he's gonna doubt you wanting stuff "so slim"(at least in his eyes) this all boils down to being confident in your choices and realizing that sometimes they may be a little on the right side. 
Buy a different brand or cut of shirt. If you size up, the shoulders will be too big.
Building up rapport over time is important. Tailors are taught to be very conservative and very cautious..My tailor is a little old Vietnamese lady who, like most tailors mostly works on boxy clothes for old fat men. When I first started going to her a few pieces didn't come back as skinny as I wanted, I had to be very specific to get what I wanted. We started bonding a little when she noted that the blazer I brought in (an old-school royal blue silk from Brooks Brothers Golden Fleece) was nicer (and easier to work on) than her usual clients. .Over time she learned that I like my sleeves to show cuff, I like my pant legs skinny and 'em hemmed with no break. Try it on when you drop it off AND when you pick it up. If you were clear when you dropped it off, don't take it home until it's right.
I just want to add to this that you can have an intelligent conversation with a tailor even though you don't know their specific terms. Just try to show them what you mean and make sure they know they can ask as many questions as they like..Don't be afraid to use your body as a mannequin as well. Say, "This feels a little too wide here under the arms, can you see how it sort of protrudes? I would like it to be more like this," and you can pinch a little fabric to show what you mean.
The way I approach my tailor:
Just go up to them, be yourself, and treat them just like any other person! Have confidence, you'll be fine!
Similarly, when you meet a girl you like, be as specific as possible with the exact measurements you'd like your pants and coat. Sometimes bringing a photo of what you want helps.
for a second i was questioning why the fuck you'd bring that up in a conversation with a girl you like until i noticed your sentence structure lol commas 
I was riffing on the parent comment in which TrustShift answers the question "how do you talk to tailors?" as if OP had asked "how do you talk to girls?". 
/barbers
Go up to them and push x
Note: doesn't work with most Japanese tailors. Push circle. 
Nope, not normal.  Try to stress it into position by moving it into the proper position and then wearing the shoe as normal.  Cutting it or gluing it in proper position may work, too.
The insoles will start to come off with normal use after 2 months. It's what happened to the two pairs I own. I asked what other people have done and some suggested the terry cloth insoles from aldo. I personally haven't tried it but if you want to replace it, could be an option for you.
It's a minor flaw. Cut it off if it is bothering you.
Sperrys insoles are terrible, well for me anyway. it hurts to stand in them for more than 10min. buy some dr scholls insoles and it will take care of the problem plus add way more comfort.
They are shoes...it's on the inside... Who cares?
 Light gray suit will work great. I'd recommend SuitSupply, it has a great fit and nice drape.. No need to overthink the collar type, a point collar or semi-spread are your best bet. . Knit tie with a classic shape = Grenadine. Grenadine is a woven silk with great texture. Some brands to consider are Sam Hober (online MTO only), Kent Wang, and The Knottery. Red is a fine color, I might suggest you choosing an alternate color and letting the groomsmen wear red though. More on this later. . I honestly don't like the idea of a mint green pocket square against a light gray suit. It's also too matchy-matchy for my tastes. White linen is the safest bet, you may also consider a white square that's tipped mint green. . While I love the walnut strands and I think they look great with light gray suiting, I think it'd look better if you went with black or burgundy shoes such as Fifth Aves or Park Aves. Just my opinion. Cheaper options can be found on eBay, Factory Seconds, or try a different brand.. First thing is whether you HAVE to have the groomsmen in identical suiting. IMO it looks fine if they all wear similar colored suits (all mid-gray or charcoal for instance) and it looks fine. If they don't need identical suits, give them the task of finding a mid gray (or charcoal) suit that they'd like and have them buy it. This allows them to spend as much or as little as they'd like. Groomsmen who already own a suit of that color wouldn't need to buy anything. If your sold on identical suits, your best bets are either (a) select a suit from a Macy's, JCP, Nordstrom, JCrew Factory, etc., that they can all try on and tell them to go buy it or (b) find a place that rents suits and have them all rent identical suits. . One nice way of standing outfrom the groomsmen is to differ the tie colors. Consider buying yourself one color and the groomsmen get matching of another color/pattern. Some combinations you might consider: (a) Groom=red grenadine tie, groomsmen=red striped (mint as secondary color); (b) groom=silver tie (traditional wedding tie color), groomsmen=red grenadine; (c) groom=red grenadine, groomsmen=mint grenadine
Ties can be given as gifts, bought individually, or rented along with a suit.. The JCP Ashton are a fine choice if you go that route. You could also specify that they all just wear brown (or black) dress shoes of their choice. They should own some sort of dress shoes already, and nothing stipulates that men's shoes have to be identical. .Hope this has helped, congrats!
Thank you for the lengthy response, I do appreciate it.. I'll definitely check out SuitSupply as my primary choice. I may run to J.Crew since it's local and I've read good things about their Ludlow collection.. I thought it was called grenadine, I just wanted to avoid that shiny silk look and I've never seen one in person, so I wasn't sure. . fits the bill perfectly then.. I'm concerned about the pocket square being too much or too matchy-matchy, it's deifnitely one of the things I'm on the fence about. Are you thinking something like this would be better? . I will look into some burgundy shoes, I'm not feeling black because I know I won't wear them much after the wedding(especially compared to the Walnut or some burgundy ones). Thank you.. I'm 100% confident that none of my groomsmen own grey suits(or any suit other than black), so the ones I've preliminarily spoken to said they'd be willing to purchase since it's a good investment anyways. I'm thinking I'll need to just specify a general grey color and let them find one that fits them properly - that should be fine because it's unlikely that the bridesmaids will be wearing identical dresses either. I'll suggest some shoes to them, but ultimately leave it up to them within a certain color range. I know a couple of them have black dress shoes, but nothing brown. I like the groomsmen tie options you suggested, I'll think that over..Thank you again for all of your suggestions!
 JCrew's Ludlow is another good option, lapels are a bit thinner though, and it looked like you had a fairly wide chest. Definitely check it out though. . If you're concerned about . matching color, you can purchase grenadine fabric swatches that arrive in two weeks or so. Ties arrive in about 4-6 weeks. . That's exactly what I was thinking as far as pocket square. If you're still on the fence, consider white linen, or no pocket square at all. . It's good news that the guys you've talked to are willing to buy new suits. I would send them some suggestions of places to find suits or maybe talk to each of them personally to offer ideas. It's pretty personal how much people are willing to spend on clothes so I like to offer a broad range of options. Same thing with shoes, give them a color or style and maybe some different budget options. .Happy to help out. I recently planned my own wedding outfits, so I know where you're coming from. 
they looked better before tbh
I like the versatility of the dark brown better myself. Plus I like how the stitching is less contrast-y now. But to each his own.
Are these the made in Maine line?
Are you going to finish the rest of the shoe with polish? Take a shoe brush to it too, it'll make it look more even :).I like the way it looks. 
I'm a bit of a noob, so I appreciate the advice. Thanks.
you recommend any polish for navy? I have the navy/tan yarmouth.
Kiki makes a clear wax too. 
I'm not going to make any promises, but I think the blue version of what I used would probably work well for you. Kiwi is a trusted brand. 
No, I don't think so. They're .. Happy cake day btw, 3brain.
I'd choose a fairly plain tie that matches one of the colors of the birds.
Gourgeuos pocket square. .With a navy suit and brown shoes, I'd recommend a lightblue or ecru shirt as the base and the square folded so that the center shows its colors. For ties I think red would make the best impression..If you'd prefer a green tie I like this from Kent Wang:
Solid Navy knit tie. 

Where'd you get this?
I came into this thread ready for the worst, but that's actually a surprisingly versatile square. Since the middle is made up mostly of neutral colors (lots of tans and greys), you could wear it with pretty much any tie. It works very much like ...No need to specifically try to match the green around the border, especially if you wear the square with .. I personally like to wear silver or grey ties to weddings. 
So my very stylish girlfriend bought me this fabulous parrot pocket square which I would like to wear to a wedding we are attending in a few weeks. The only problem is I haven't got a tie to match. I picked up a green tie the other week but it is a little dark and doesn't compliment it terribly well. Any suggestions would be much appreciated. I am in the UK so would be helpful if it could be sourced locally!.Edit - forgot to mention I'm wearing it with a navy suit and dark brown shoes if that makes a difference.
Since that is so bold you'll probably want something fairly plain and muted so that they don't clash, in that case i'd probably go with a light to mint green or light blue, obviously depending on what colour shirt/coat you're wearing too, but i'd keep it all fairly muted
Very true, I'd go for ..
Yeah, I was thinking that light green could be a winner but there doesn't seem to be much choice out there and I was worried about clashing. Perhaps light blue would be more complimentary without the risk of clashing colours? Thanks for the input :)
Yeah I just read your other post too, nice to see other UK mfa'ers!.Since you've got a navy suit with a green pocket square then you could also consider a light pink, maybe even orange tie (Assuming your shirt will be white) and light blue is probably what i'd try to look for first, also if you're heading out shopping for the tie then take the pocket square with you, that would probably give you the clearest indication of what would work
Minus the black detail on the lapel, . seems fairly similar. .I also just realized the black around the neck is actually from the lapel being flipped up, so aside from that it's really just a slim fitting, grey wool blazer.
[deleted]
Thanks! I knew that was the closest that I had seen but thought the lapel might be different.
They may have better colored ones once the real sale opens up. I remember reading on Dappered that the pre-sale has limited selections compared to the full sale..I'm going to pray that they have a better color, because I would love some brown moc-toes. Moc-toes just suit my style so much better than beckmans / iron rangers.
You got your parentheses and brackets backwards and your link doesnt work.
Its probably specially made for the show, but you could try ., or . or 
Pretty nice.
Thanks. The Barbour Washington looks great. I don't think I'll be able to afford a nice quailty leather jacket similar to what I'm looking for, so the Barbour is looking like the best option so far.
Gorilla reporting in: I've had some guys mock me for the hair..But it turned out they be jelly as fuck..You're not a girl; so don't shave em either. Unless you're a professional swimmer/biker etc.
You're a man, don't be insecure about your chest, leg, and arm hair.
So I'm hardcore hairy.
I made fun of my older brother for his hobbit feet until my own grew in. If I don't make strides to flatten it down (which I don't), my leg hair can make my legs 1/2" thicker. .Contrary to everyone else's advice, only wear the shorts if you are comfortable in them. Believe me, it's a crapshoot. Some people will see it as manly and some will see it as gross. Some girls are turned on by the hairy manliness, some prefer hairless. You will never please everyone, so make sure that you please yourself. .If you're just a kid in highschool or something, feel free to keep wearing jeans if you aren't comfortable wearing shorts. They won't be as physically comforting as shorts on a hot day, but if it makes you more confident and shorts would have you constantly self-conscious about your appearance, don't force yourself into something you wouldn't be comfortable with. .But there isn't anything wrong with being hairy and some girls like it. From personal experience, I'd say that more like it than don't. Just wear whatever shorts look nicest and fit with your style. Just make sure you are comfortable in them.
Sasquatch reporting in stop caring what over people think and just be comfortable. Shaving or trimming will only make people mock you. 
In fact you will get . shit for shaving your legs than anything else. If you're a dude with hairy legs (i am too) just roll with it. 
The same as anyone else, your hair is your hair. 5" all summer.
You can wear the same design/color shorts a guy with not-hairy legs can wear.  You're over-thinking it.  The better question is: When wearing shorts, shaved or not shaved?
I forgot to mention, I have no experience in buying shorts. This will be the first summer since I have looked into MFA, so I'm really looking into buying some shorts. I was just wondering if hairy legs should be a factor in buying shorts, maybe not a big factor but now I see it really isn't. So I guess my question now would be what are some simple shorts that can go with most outfits? 
Tan, beige, and navy are the best shorts.  Flat front and no cargo pockets, hitting at or above the knee based on personal preference. 
Read the . in the side bar. It applies to men of all kinds of hairiness. I haven't worried about my leg hair since high school, but I've gotten a few compliments for my shorts.
Be proud of your leg hair man! Im from Scandinavia but my legs are hairy like a Greek, and theres nothing to do but embrace it. (subtly thinking thread is a troll-in-hiding kinda question)
wait until years of wearing dress socks for work make the bottom of your calves permanently bare
that being said, I make sure to wet my calf leg hair after changing into shorts from a long day at work. Matted down leg hair looks bad!
I have run into this issue every year since I was a teenager. Seriously man, arms by venus, legs by rogaine.  My advice is this: find yourself a nice pair of pants with the legs snipped off about halfway up from the bottom, put them on, and proceed to go about your day not giving a fuck. 
Don't worry about it..I'm fuzzy and I've never had anyone say "wow you shouldn't wear that w/ that leg hair!".Embrace it and remember, you're a bit warmer in the winter than your less fuzzy comrades (probably, maybe, I dunno)
Not shaved, unless your a professional athlete whose performance and uniform relies on shaved legs leave em and be proud. 
Loud and proud man.  Embrace the hair.
Well if you are braiding your leg hair into some sort of pattern it's probably better to go with shorts in a solid color, to maintain some balance.
Argyle braid pattern with solid color shorts, and a matching argyle polo.
Youre over thinking it.
This.  Just rock what everyone else is rocking, and look manlier than all of them without trying.
it says he thrifted it m9
It fits great overall. Do you have a picture of the sleeves unrolled?
What height and weight are you? 
You're good. Nice fitting shirt.
 .The sleeves are a bit too long when unrolled but I am pretty much only going to wear them rolled up. I'm not that tall and my arms aren't that long so I either get a shirt slightly too tight or way too long.
perfect fit. congrats. it's always worth it to get the sleeves hemmed - just take it to the dry cleaners - it's an easy job.
If that's the case then the shirt is pretty much perfect in terms of fit. 
5'9" 147lbs, muscular build but really slim. My waist is like a 29.
Agreed, looks great.
McAllister Merlot/Brown/Bourbon - not as stark as the PA and not as flashy as the Strand. My workplace is business casual so I wear walnut strands with jeans and the McAllisters with slacks (Yes, I know the Strand is a balmoral and the McAllister is not but the Walnut definitely slides it towards the casual side of the spectrum). The PA is odd if you aren't wearing a suit. 
The Strand and McAllister are similar in formality. They can be worn casually, business casual, or even most suits. The Park Avenue, due to its lack of broguing and decoration, is really an austere shoe and I believe it only really looks proper black or dark brown with a conservative suit. I would decide whether I liked the Strand or McAllister more and go with that one. You really can't go wrong with either one.
I would cop Strand or McAllister. They both are busier, which is a style I like. Could you get both? It might be worth your while if you plan on wearing them often. They would both last much longer because you could give one a break every other day. Just my opinion.
Step 1 is to figure out what you'll be wearing these shoes for. Are these going to be work shoes you'll only wear with a suit? Shoes you want to dress up and down for both work and going out? Casual shoes you want to wear everywhere?.Following that, there are a couple things that should be taken into consideration: a) the model and b) the color..A) The model: The park avenue is a more conservative, formal shoe. It is plainly styled and has no decoration other than the cap toe, which suits more formal occasions (interviews, funerals, work depending on dress code, etc.) nicely, but may look out of place in a casual outfit. The McAllister and Strand are similar levels of formality, they both have broguing which provides a bit more flair and lends itself to a more casual environment, but are generally considered acceptable for suits and slightly dressy situations..B) The color. Most formal to least formal is black -> dark brown -> light brown. Black is best paired with black, grey, and navy suits or slacks and isn't very versatile in casual environments. The most versatile for "formal" and casual will be a darker brown (or their bourbon or merlot colors), which can be paired with pretty much anything but black. The walnut color is similarly versatile, but leans casual and may look out of place with a dark navy suit in a more conservative business environment..If I were buying all 3 I would get black Park Aves, bourbon Strands and walnut McAllisters. If just one, it depends heavily on the use. If I had to wear a suit every day, I would probably go with black Park Aves. If I was going for a more formal side of business casual, I would go for bourbon Strands (which can still be worn semi-casually). For business casual and below I would go for walnut Strands or McAllisters (which can also be worn in semi-casual environments).
Strands and McAllisters are both balmorals.
Black Park Ave. for business; Walnut Strand for play; Brown McAllister if you can't decide.
I vote Strands! Got my pair a few months back and love em.
I posted this a while ago, but I absolutely love my walnut McAllisters.I wear it with suits and with jeans and have received plenty of "Andrewbot, those are beautiful shoes" comments."  What is your line of work?  
Have you considered the strands in the bourbon color? They are beautiful in person and might provide a little more flexibility than the walnut. 
Have you considered the .?.Similar to the Park Avenue but with a barogued captoe.
I chose these over the PA for some versatility and really like them. I've worn them with tons of different outfits so far.
I have a pair of McAllister's in walnut and I ordered and returned a pair of factory second Strand's in bourbon (unrelated to the color; the defect was too noticeable).  I thought the bourbon color was odd and would've preferred a regular brown.  Definitely like the walnut color better.
In terms of formality it goes Park Avenue -> Strand = McAllister. Strand might be a little more formal, but you really wouldn't be wearing them a walnut colored shoe in a formal situation..You can't go wrong with any of them. Just pick whichever you like the most. My personal thoughts are if you've decided to get them in a walnut color go with either the Strand or the McAllister as they're already more casual to begin with. 
As far as I know, the 5th Ave is not included in the Nordstrom sale so could not be price matched down to $229, which is probably OP's motivation.
Wow, I actually own each pair mentioned.  The Strands, Park Aves, and McAllisters.  (Jesus, I spent way too much on fucking shoes last year...) .Anyways, if I had to do it all over again I'd go for brown Fifth Ave over walnut Strands over black Park Avenues.  There's very little reason to have both the Strands and the McAllisters, imo.  They're too similar.  And I bought the Park Aves ~8 months ago (on sale) before I realized just how infrequently I need a black, formal shoe.  .So if I had to do it over again I'd get a flexible dark brown dress shoe for date nights, business casual, etc.  Then the Strands in walnut for basically the same role, with a different color palet.  Then the Park Avenues for that classic black dress shoe you'll probably wear ten times in 10 years.  
The local store will not price match them if they are a different color (For example, walnut).  Just FYI for you.
According to . they will do any color but I'll make sure to find out before I waste a bunch of time at the store.
Check my post in that same thread: 
Ahh I see. Thanks for the heads up. I looked up what they have at Nordstroms and they seem to only have the McAllister in the Walnut color.
Yes, I was rather disappointed as I was hoping for a McAllister :(
I'm a pharmacy student and I'll be needing to dress up (shirt, tie, white coat)
I'd probably stick with the Strand in that case.
Oops, I think I meant captoe but regardless I need to learn more as always :)
If you're wanting a casual shoe, you might want to consider a blucher (open laced shoe).  The three you've linked to are all . (closed lacing), which are more formal.. which shows the difference
Reminds me of goth ninja RPG with less RPG.
I really like the . in "The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly." Usually, silhouettes that doesn't follow the norm looks ugly to me, but he just looks bad ass. It could be because he is Clint Eastwood though.
That album at the end was awesome. I particularly like the pictures with the billowy cloak and hat. The drastically different silhouettes stand out so much. I liked that one in particular because I could just feel a cloud of mystery 
This is a really well-written, informative post. Thanks!.I would like to see more images of real people playing with silhouette that aren't doing gothninja. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with gothninja, it's just not my thing. I can't help but feel like I'm looking at someone coming from a costume party when I see these fits on the internet or in real life. Maybe that's because they tend to clash with the rest of the world around them, which is probably the intention...but there must be good examples of people playing with silhouette that are more subtle, more colorful, and less attention-grabbing. #18 in that album approaches that, but his colors aren't great, and it seems like his belt is working overtime.
Why is Zidane walking next to Yohji? of all people....edit: lol 
I have a question, but I think I need to put up some background..I've been thinking about mens fashion since I graduated from college (22) and I'm now 27. When I first started thinking of clothes, they were a simple thing I put on myself to fit the part I was playing (engineer, best man at wedding, project worker, project lead, etc). Cool bro, the pants and shirt fit. The color palette is conservative. Business casual has been achieved! .As I've grown as a person, I have come to appreciate dress as an artform. I feel like I'm strangled by the rules of this workplace and my social group. I find myself staring at clothes as a form of expression. Fun prints on standard clothing. Odd fits with standard palette. Cooky palette on standard shoes. Sometimes, just delightfully formal, standard and well fitting..My question is: How do you incorporate your own taste in design, into your everyday desk job? Where do you find people that understand where I am coming from and I can talk to about this? I feel like most people are like - "what the fuck man? it's just clothes!"
you're a beast for that menswear part. i was reading this on my laptop and was soooooo disappointed for a few seconds after the last blacked out sillohuete almost dismissing this guide as another mfa-cookie-cutter-helper, but goddamn. you threw rick in there. along with napoleon or whoever. fucking a, gold star, everything.
Great post. Although I wouldn't really consider the "formal" guy to be formal. 
Loved it. I read the FFA guide to silhouettes and always wished that we had one that addressed men's fashion, so thanks for this
Sooooo...what I'm getting out of this article is you're telling me it's time to break out my Scottish kilt and Ecuadorean poncho (or as I like to call it, a "blanket with a neck hole")
This was an awesome read. As somebody who has never really strayed beyond basic menswear stuff, I never really thought about or understood the appeal of the styles more like what you showed in your album at the end. I thought it was really cool once I read about it and saw some of the fits. It's not something I can see myself rocking, but I kinda get the appeal..After looking through the album, I drew a sort of analogy to something you had written up top. After the menswear section, you say, and I agree, that  "the vast majority of people don't try to experiment with their silhouette as much as they do with color and texture." Would it be incorrect to say that the vast majority of people who dress in that silhouette-manipulating style don't try to experiment with color as much as they do with their silhouette and texture? For the most part, the fits are very monochromatic and dark, with maybe a few subdued earth tones in there..I don't mean for this to sound at all derogatory or like I am criticizing the style or those who have adopted it, I ask only out of curiosity and ignorance to it. 
This was an excellent, excellent read. I found it really informative and clarifying, even as a female! I feel like you put quite eloquently what I've been struggling to put into specific words to others why I like avant garde fashion. Definitely saving it so I can refer back to it for later..Also,.I've had an extremely restricted disposable income for awhile but guess what - most of my clothes come from thrift stores but are still quite in line with the high-fashion trends of today. In fact, I went to a thrift store today and bought a pair of loose, black linen pants that looked like they could've been Commes des Garcons - they were $2.92. I guess my points here are that 1) fashion is timeless and cyclical like you said and 2) you don't have to go big to hit a home run - just be creative with the clothes around you.
I see a little silhouetto of a man. Scaramouch, scaramouch will you do the fandango?.excellent read, btw. I really loved how you outlined silhouettes throughout history. It really gives fashion some perspective. .I feel like I can finally understand . and the rest of /fa/
Where can you get a hat like the one in picture 12?
You are totally right about people experimenting with fit and texture but not color. And it's a very intentional stylistic and aesthetic choice..It's pretty common in high fashion to dress in all black because it puts the focus entirely on the fit and construction of the outfit. It's about not overloading your brain with too much going on in the fit. It's about creating an interesting fit but still keeping it subdued..There are people who experiment with color, texture and fit all at once, but it's very hard to keep it from going overboard. Search YouTube for "Givenchy SS14" for an idea of what that's like..The aesthetic choice of many of the people I posted in that album is as much about minimalism as it is about experimentation, and color would make it harder to reach that goal.
I never would've thought of that bit about black putting all the focus on the fit. Now that you tell me, it's genius!.I'd be interested in seeing what fits like the ones in the album would look like if they kept the monochrome element, but switched it to a different color. Like muted reds or something different. Just to see how it changes the overall look.
I think that the style you are describing I believe is called mori boy search if I'm wrong about what its called mori boy often has what you are describing the colors are more earthy (brown and greens)
This is so rad! If I start thrifting now maybe I can do some of this in the winter. Thanks.
np I really like this style too also I think if I were to mix the silhouettes used in mori boy with some french workwear influences it would look really cool.
I tried to stick with fits that kept the colors subdued so that the shape would be more obvious. I would say the majority of people who explore silouette in the real world tend to stick to monochrome so that the fit isn't too busy and hard to swallow. I don't have many colorful outfits in my picture collection, sorry..Check out .. Inspiration can be as simple as seeing the jacket at 1:57 and deciding you think it might look good over dark brown chinos and a baby blue OCBD. Or you could take picture #18 from the album and try to work color in for yourself.
that was a yohji wide brim hat from last years f/w collection i think
cool thanks
Wonderful post, i never realized what it is that makes me dig certain high fashion looks.  Silhouette apparently...
When you buy designer clothes, you're paying a premium for the design. But you can definitely find and make your own fits for cheap if you're willing to put in the effort. There's some great stuff on ebay if you're willing to wade through all the expensive stuff..Cheap, easy to find, fashionable: pick two..I'm glad you enjoyed the post.
I'm sorry but I don't find this guide very helpful. I don't think a person's silhouette has any importance on one's stature with clothing. .For example, it's fairly obvious to determine between thick thighs/butt or tight khakis/chinos and a wallet+phone in pockets..I also believe no amount of fitting can change a person's silhouette that much. Sure, if you're completely knew towards fashion, that baggy clothing won't be flattering to your silhouette, but then again it's not flattering period. Someone will notice "in real life" conditions more then they'll even begin to think about seeing a silhouette of you..I want to restate that this is just my opinion and I don't want to come across as me undermining your very well written post. 
The post isn't about the silhouette of the naked human body, it's about the silhouette of your outfit..If you're wearing baggy clothing, your silhouette will be baggy. All those examples from history I linked to have different silhouettes, despite having the same general human body shape. You can have a fit that flatters the natural body, and many fits do, but you can also have one that obscures it..The point of the post is that you can play with your silhouette as much as color and texture and accessories.
I wasn't applying at all towards the silhouette of a nude body..I found none of those fits were any more drastically worse or bad to the modern man (suit,street,etc)..The baggy large clothing from the fashion guy happened to prove my point about the baggy clothing. To me it doesn't look good regardless 
(besides the obvious try at fashion, his job im guessing, which i have no problem with). But if you see his silhouette, youre going to see his actual clothes which would skew your judgement. .I just don't find that playing with your silhouette does anything besides make you look abnormally large with billowy clothes or skeleton like with tight fitting.
There's more to it than just making your clothes bigger or smaller..The overall shape of . is way different than the shape of .It's ok if you don't like any of the looks in this guide, I just wanted to get people to start thinking about the silhouettes they see and hopefully try to explore it a little.
Nice post.
Look up ., he works in an office and adds a ton of personal style to all of his fits. Look into Thom Browne, the idea even if the suits are out of price range. He is all about the idea of wearing a suit as an act of rebellion.
That guy has a name and a whole website of pictures I believe. I'm on my phone right now but I can try to find it for you later. A reverse image search might find it as well. 
lol.just lol
Your comment adds nothing to the discussion. What is wrong with this post?

But yeah it's an unlikely combination. Maybe Zidane is actually really into fashion? I love looking at the crowds at fashion shows, a lot of people watching the shows dress very "normally" and you sometimes see a lot of suits. I think a similar analogy is that not everyone who visits an art museum is a painter themselves, you don't have to be exploring the art yourself in order to appreciate it.
ITT: Rick Owens, Julius, Wang, Y3, Guidi etc..I'd like some example that don't cost 3000$ for a fit please :)
see fits by ., ., . and others
Like I said, It's not always about about buying designer clothing, it's about taking the ideas they are demonstrating and applying them to your own wardrobe. You will never find boots that are the same quality as Guidi for under $200, but you can definitely find boots that have a similar aesthetic and demonstrate similar ideas..It's all a part of developing your personal style. Yohji is far from the only person in the world who makes flowing clothing. If you look hard enough, you can find it anywhere.
way too much goth ninja in the samples towards the end for my taste. otherwise, a good read.
Love the guide du.  .That first picture of Rick in the white tank reminded me why I like Rick.  So out there, yet still pleasing to the eye to the point that I'd consider wearing it on a normal day.
Well, it helps.
I agree, however I thought that the colors and textures would help illustrate that the silhouette of a tuxedo and suit and a dressed-down suit can all be the same and yet still end up with drastically different looks overall.
Do you even know what you're talking about?  .The second guy isn't wearing a suit.  No one is wearing a dressed-down suit.   A guy in a casual shirt and loafers with a bag over his shoulder isn't "formal"  .They "bulge" because his jacket isn't buttoned
I don't really know what I'm talking about, I'm just using my experience as a guy who's kind of into fashion. I never said I was an expert. The first line of the guide says I want to start a discussion about silhouette..It has the same silhouette as a suit. I know it would be out of place in most formal settings. I chose it because it helps illustrate how color and material work independently of the shape of the outfit..Does it matter why they bulge? The point is that they do, and it gives a different shape than the previous two fits.
Yeah, I would strongly suggest overhauling the whole first example thing. The "formal" guy is in business casual (smart casual would be a better descriptor for that look) and the "business casual" guy is in "I'm a model" - that's not even smart casual, in my (rather strict, I confess) opinion, though it could be.
I think people are getting caught up on the terms I used. It doesn't matter what I labeled the fit as, the important part is to start to think of how the overall shape of your fit is a factor in your outfit.
Hopefully the mistakes are corrected before it's put into the side bar.
Feel free to write your own post if this one is not satisfactory.
It's tricky. It mainly depends on how strict your dress code is. The more strict your workplace is, the less room you have to maneuver. .But there's always room to express yourself. Are you required to wear a necktie? Can you substitute in an ascot or bolo tie? Can you wear a funky sweater over a button down?.Can you play with texture and materials? A tweed blazer and wool trousers? Chambray button down? Cable knit tie? How about patterns? Polka dots, checks, gingham, granite, paisley, floral? A loud pocket square? Watches, watch bands, rings, bracelets, necklaces?.If we're just talking silhouette, you may not be able to wear full on harem pants, but you might be allowed to go with high waisted trousers. You may not be able to wear a tailcoat, but you might be able to wear a blazer with a longer cut..There's always some room to express yourself within the bounds of a dress code..As for talking to people about fashion, I'm not sure I can help much. I generally don't talk much about fashion with my friends. You could try going to fashion events like runway shows or fashion week and meeting people there. 
I have an arbitrarily strict casual dress code. As in, everyone wears jeans and polos, long sleeve and short sleeve button ups (Depending on the weather). I get away with some fun prints on shirts, but thats already at the edge of the allowed. Also, I have to interface with a lot of differing personnel types (facilities maintenance guys to VP's and Presidents of companies). I try to keep it pretty even because I know that first impressions are key in environments like this..With that in mind, my personal life is kind of filled with my own style. I love denim. Holy shit I could wear a canadian tuxedo everywhere. Including the denim tie and chambray shoes. I also love. LOVE micro prints, so I have a growing supply of them. Watches are expanding, sunglasses are expanding..HIGH WASTED TROUSERS? See, I have recently been obsessing over these awesomely 1930's wool trousers I'm seeing on the net, but have NO IDEA where to find them? Is this a thrift shop find? Are they still made?
I would check ebay for the trousers, or try going to a big and tall store near you and looking for fits that give you that look. I know there are still people making those designs but nothing really comes to mind. You might be able to find actual 1930s trousers if you look at vintage clothing stores. Ervell makes some great menswear stuff but it's expensive, if you keep your eyes out on ebay every once in a while you'll see some good finds..I saw (on Reddit actually I think) a post you might be into about a guy making handmade jeans that were really cool, they were heavy denim with a high waist and deep pockets. I have no idea how I would find it now but you just have to keep your eye out for stuff like that..These . . are the kinds of things I was thinking about for high waisted trousers. Just keep your eye out for stuff that might work. It takes a lot of energy and effort to build a good wardrobe..I think . is my favorite office-approved fit right now (substitute oxfords in for the sneakers) and a dark tie. It's very simple yet interesting. I'm a sucker for printed shirts.
I LOVE. ABSOLUTELY LOVE 2. The combination of texture and fit is legit. I am one of those semi-built guys that has trouble finding clothes. Its even harder finding clothes thats cool that fits..I dig your style, bro. Printed shirts + standard bottom + textured tie. Yesuh, can I have another?
 are some more pictures..You might like . He's got a lot of stuff if you just google his name.

Thanks, I'm going to add some of these to an inspiration album .
I think it would be informative if you could show some pictures of playing with silhouettes that you . like..What's the difference (in your own opinion) between a good unconventional silhouette and a bad one?
This is gonna sound creepy, but I want to see your body when you wear clothes. If they are baggy to the point where it looks like you are hiding in your clothes, that is not good. .Everything really comes down to fit...
not really, a lot of designers work intentionally to mask the body's shape and create strange shapes. . for example had a trademark "egg" shaped coat, which created a strange structure.
This is a tough question. It's tough for me because, for example, let's look at the second Rick photo I posted. I wouldn't wear that fit. The tank top, the skinny jeans and the boots are all things that I wouldn't wear together or on their own. But I still like the fit and what he's doing with it..I guess I would say the whole baggy suit craze in the 90s would be my least favorite trend. 
So it's a bad silhoutte if it's something you wouldn't wear, or a trend you don't care for?
Pretty much. It's bad in my opinion. Like I said, I can respect a fit even if I wouldn't wear it personally.
This is solid.  I feel like "silhouette" has become one of those over-used buzz words like "synergy."  But it's such an important consideration of the outfit and there are few words that can replace it and still convey the same meaning.  .Also, whenever I see a fit that I like but I can't really pinpoint exactly why, it always comes down to something about the silhouette.  There's something massively intriguing about deviating from the human form which most modern clothes are designed to follow.  .Over the years (not necessarily things that are in style anymore), some of my most favorite styles have been things that utilize silhouette: pea coats with . collars; popped . (just kidding); . dominating the neckline; pants . into boots and/or the currently popular . look.  The list goes on.
Links to the non-blacked out fits doesn't seem to work :(
They seem to be working for me. Is the link completely broken for you?
Yup, I get the "file not found!" Thing from imgur. Although it might be something on my part since I'm on a balcony in spain using someone else's wifi via my phone. If no one else has this problem there are no worries, I'll read this when I'm back home. :).It has been. A great read this far. Caring about silhouettes is a completely new concept to me so it's super cool seeing what it means :)
Seconding that the links are broken. Viewing on my iPhone through alien blue and safari
It looks like it's not working on Alien Blue. Probably because they're not real albums. I can fix it later tonight when I get home..For now, you can try copying the links and opening them in Safari or another browser. If that's still not working, you can format the URL so that only one image is on the end at a time. .Sorry for the inconvenience. 
No worries man, great read though!
This is amazing. Really. Bravo. I'll even add a link to this in my outfit guide..I think you could have expanded more on the exploration of silhouettes in casual fashion. You pretty much restricted it to the historical context and modern designer fashion. We can mention examples like the ones we see in MFA itself, like how . . skinny pants with chunky shoes (. too), or how . likes . . . . ., and some stuff from . and . (., . and .).
Thank you!.Edit: I actually ran out of room, I was going to talk more about how people pull it off in the real world. After I posted this I realized I forgot to put veroz in the album at the end.
I kinda like the pants in . but I'm sorta new to any of this stuff... Does anyone know of a specific name for pants that are cut like that? Or of any options/sources along those lines?
the ones he's wearing are made by .'s gf. You can send him a PM about it.
Not sure about any actual details, but I'd guess a search for tapered drop-crotch sweats would yield similar results.
Cheers! Thanks a ton, I will do just that.
Excellent read..I feel that a good half of the people who post because they're frustrated with trying to find an appropriate outfit for a job interview or wedding are screwing up the silhouette (for an occasion where you really want to go classic).  If the jacket doesn't fit, it completely destroys the outline that you're trying to achieve with a jacket.  Conversely,  you can overtailor something like a suit jacket very easily, turning your classic silhouette into an hourglass, and that creates a feminine impression to the eye.  It can be hard to notice these things unless you think to turn your mind off to all the color/texture/accessories and just look at the shape.      .As a menswear guy who stayed past your instruction to leave I find the rest very fascinating. The album you linked at the end is awesome.  I like that pretty much everyone is just wearing black or somethign close. It's interesting to see how unbalancing the usual "look" by the shape.  Some of the drop crotch and harem pants right now are a reflection of trying to change the form of the clothes I think.IMO this could be side-barred. 
Seconding putting this on the sidebar
This . has been been around for a while and it's pretty similar to the album at the end of OP's post if you're interested in some more outfits.
I'm glad you enjoyed it..I had a little section on drop crotch pants but didn't feel it fit the tone of a style guide: .I punch a kitten every time someone links to a picture of drop crotch pants on Reddit and the top comment is "It looks like he made a poopy doopy in his pants." No it does not, and the fact that you poke fun at the style . We could easily be living in a culture where drop crotch pants are the norm and then people would post a picture of Beiber in 501 jeans and comments would be "you can almost see his dingy wingy in those tight pants.".There is nothing wrong with not liking drop crotch pants, as long as you realize that all silhouettes are arbitrary on some level. You can say that you objectively do not like the aesthetics of the garment, and that is all a part of your own style. If you do not care to try and push the boundaries of silhouette, you can keep wearing menswear and that is just fine too.
I love your point that silhouettes are arbitrary.  What is fashionable now will not be fashionable twenty years from now and we have no idea what will be considered "normal" 10 years from now let alone 100.  I doubt it, but our reaction to being on camera and recorded 24/7 may be as a society to hide all information about ourselves in public with forms that are heavily padded and stacked.  What's fashionable is totally arbitrary and will change..That said, I disagree with your claim that all silhouettes are arbitrary.  Your casual example you describe as might as well be naked, the human form, and the human form isn't just some arbitrary silhouette.  It's our natural state and something we likely have genetic coding to find appealing.  It doesn't make it any . as a silhouette choice than anything else (aesthetics change), but that doesn't make it arbitrary.  Other forms are an artificial construct we dreamed up, but the human form is something which we see every day.
The only clothing that doesn't change the natural human silhouette is your birthday suit. I said silhouettes are arbitrary . meaning that some are more contrived than others. A bodysuit provides a much more natural and human looking silhouette than a cape and skirt. However, why you would want to wear a more natural and human looking shape is the part that is arbitrary..I think we have the same general view.
The ones you linked to here are not what most drop crotch pants look like.  Some drop crotch pants do look like soiled pants.    If you think it's so ignorant, then perhaps you haven't lately seen a child of pant-pooping age.    .If you want to imitate . sort of silhouette, put something that weighs approximately two turds into your track pants and watch them droop. .Or perhaps when kids poop themselves it's not because of a lack of toilet training, but rather it's a desire to "play with silhouette"
Drop crotch pants are a spin on harem pants. Saying that they look stupid is akin to saying togas look stupid; while these may be honest opinions you should be aware that in certain parts of the world in and in certain times they were the norm. If you think drop crotch pants look like they're filled with two turds then harem pants must look like they are filled with explosive diarrhea. I like Beiber's pants..I think diapers are pretty cool and am waiting for Ann D FW2014 because I hear diapers will feature prominently in the collection.
I never said they looked stupid.  I said they look like soiled pants.  Which they demonstrably do..Stretchy fitting pants (which are easy to remove for diaper changes) plus a heaviness in the crotch is a very specific look that most parents will recognize. .How about you stick with the present, and with the specific example i gave
See, I think bieber's pants are an example of how it can be done poorly. One of the first WAYWT's I saw here a CC was wearing drop crotch pants. I saw them and my immediate response was wow, those are different, not BAD, but different. Whereas when I see bieber's pant's I see different and bad.
I don't have a problem with people not liking drop crotch pants. It just gets frustrating when people immediately dismiss a style just because last time they saw it someone made a joke about it without thinking about what the fit is trying to accomplish..I don't really like his pants in that photo,  I was playing devil's advocate. He . wear pants with tight legs and a big drop. I like a little more . look from drop crotch. But I don't dismiss Bieber's style, I can see the benefits to it and I think it's interesting.
I much prefer the pants in the second picture. Crotch at pr below knee and tightness from then on down doesn't appeal to me at all.
I think you are missing the point. Neckties demonstrably look like nooses, but nobody dismisses neckties here on Reddit because they are so pervasive in our culture. 
sorry, this is the second time now, don't you mean subjectively?
I'm not sure what you mean.
well, as far as I know, objectively means there is no personal opinion involved. It is an objective fact that 10. is 100. Subjective means there is opinion involved. The value of Hemmingway's writing is subjective..objective.
/bjektiv/
Adjective
(of a person or their judgment) Not influenced by personal feelings or opinions in considering and representing facts.
synonyms: Impartial, unbiased.subjective.
/sbjektiv/
Adjective
Based on or influenced by personal feelings, tastes, or opinions.
synonyms: Personal, Intuitive
antonym: Objective.edit: maybe you meant objective, but I think you probably didn't..edit2: my first edit (and this comment as a whole sounds much more condescending than I intended. :/
Oh, sorry, I couldn't remember using the word objectively at all, but now I see where I did..I did mean objectively, to judge drop crotch pants objectively would mean to judge them purely on aesthetic value and not on who wears them and what you've heard about them..Whether you like them or not is subjective, however I believe it is possible to try and look at the garment without any biases and judge it purely as a garment. 
Then that would be to judge [the pants] . rather than judging them ., i.e. the rightness of something is determined more substantively than on an individual level, or collective agreement, it might not be right for them even if they think it's right. That's not . versus . judgement i.e. the rightness of something is not determined by matter of preference and cannot be distilled down to an individual level, but is determine by that which is in some way the most equitable.
oh, I see. my bad.
I can see where the confusion came in. There's probably a clearer word I could have used but for the life of me I can't think of one. 
I've had this problem before, but that's not objectively. Critically is a better word that comes closer to the meaning that you're trying to get across..Objective implies some sort of absolute truth, set in stone.
That's exactly what I was looking for, thanks.
How old are you?   Serious question.
21 how about you?

Everything in fashion is arbitrary really.  There's no particular reason that the English country suit has become the dominant shape of menswear for the last hundred years.  Had World History turned out differently maybe we'd all be wearing Hanfu to special occasions. .The important thing is knowing the norms, being aware of the "rules", and then breaking them intentionally in interesting ways.  I think your guide helps with that. Nothing is wrong at all with evoking a feminine silhouette, as long as that's what you're going for (though you probably shouldn't try it at that business luncheon).  
The point of that section was to point out that the norms are arbitrary so that you can be free to explore outside of the norms. So I believe we have the exact same viewpoint..I do like that increasingly more events are being accepting of things outside the norm. More businesses would be willing to interview a man in a skirt than 50 years ago. It's still a small number, but we're getting there..I also understand why the rules and norms exist, it's just that I like to see people try new things.
I can think of two: The British Empire and American cultural and economic hegemony.That being said, knowing . things came to be is actually a fascinating way to go about playing with silhouette, making a statement in the process. I think OP touched on this a bit when he said that Yohji tries to implement more of a Japanese silhouette to his designs, implicitly rejecting the Western silhouette
While that's true looking at the last hundred years, if you go back far enough in history at some point it was another fairly arbitrary decision. (17th or 18th century in this case)
We should do a WAYWT where people can only post their silhouettes.
post a pic with the silhouette and we try to guess what they're wearing
I'm down. I'm a fucking philistine when it comes to fashion, but I think I nail the silhouette. Let's find out, eh? 
I'm aboard.
Make it happen bro.
WIYST
At that size, indochino may be the way to go without breaking the bank, make sure you order soon because people usually send them back for refitting. If they don't have your size, suit supply may be the way to go. I would say dual vents, no cuffs.
Thanks for your help, I hadn't heard of suit supply before.  I checked them out and decided to go with Indochino.  I ordered a Essential blue suit, I'm hoping it works out.  
It'd be kind of bulky in your pocket, looks neat though.
check out LVC or our legacy
Those two pairs of pants are masively baggy. Levi's 508 cost about $50, come in a variety of colors(some colors are a 98/2 blend) and  are going to give you a much nicer silhouette(imo). .Generally the 98/2 blend stretches more to allow for a great range of motion on close fitting jeans. The effect will be most apparent out of the dryer. 
They're not baggy on my physique, but I would probably get them tapered some to give it a cleaner look. I really can't wear any straight fit jeans. In order for them to fit me in the waist, they are skin tight on my thighs and extremely uncomfortable. For reference, I have a pair of Levis 505's Straight Fit that are so tight in the thigh that I can barely sit down. I thought they'd stretch out, but they did not..Thanks for the suggestion though..Edit: After reading the 508 description, it recommends it for an athletic build. I may give them a try if there aren't any other recommendations.
For reference, I'm 6'1 180, I don't skip leg day, I wear 34/30 or 34/32  508s and they fit well.  
Jeans/khakis rolled. For tops. Throw on a t shirt or if you want to go preppy try a polo. Roll the sleeves even. 
Solid color polos and tees, preferably white..Don't push up the sleeves like the model in that pic, looks nasty..Jeans can work, chinos would work better (Khaki for traditional, white/pastel for preppy af)..Derbies.  
Do I tuck in the polo/tee/ocbd? .And are loafers good for shoes?
A tee shouldn't be tucked. A Polo could go either way. Depends on how it fits. 
do not wear it with a tee. ocbd and chinos or jeans or whatever
I'd tuck a shirt if possible, but wouldn't tuck a T-shirt or polo. If you're in Europe, which you probably are given you bought something at P&B, you could also wear a dress shirt that has a collar that doesn't require a tie. 
I bought it in Europe, but I'm back in America now unfortunately :(. .I might try t-shirt/polo so it's a little more casual. Thank you so much.
khakis or olive chinos, white or light blue ocbd, maybe even a v-neck if thats your kind of look.
How wide is it at the chest compared to the waist? From your picture, it's hard to tell what's going on without seeing how it fits everywhere else. 
Try tapering the body yourself?
My Uniqlo 'dry-packaged' color T's do the same thing. Really a shame, completely makes the shirts not worth wearing. Not sure if its the boxy cut, the fabric, or a mix of both.
I had something like this happen, and I discovered I had a bit of a habit of adjusting my shirt by grabbing the bottom at the front. Maybe you do something similar?
Could be the cut, stretching, your physique or posture.
Is it because of cheap fabric losing shape or is there a trick to prevent this? This is a divide v neck from h&m 
Question for the experts:.I have a few nice polo shirts that have a 'tail' where the back of the shirt is 1-3" longer than the front..These should almost always be worn tucked in right?.Sorry for the new guy question.
Was your shirt always like this? It could stretch out if you pull the hem or stretch it out when you take it off. Is it like this when you first put it on in the morning?
The fact that it's cheap fabric probably isn't helping. All cotton shirts will stretch out throughout the day as you wear them. How much they stretch has to do with the quality of the fabric and how tightly it's knit. .H&M t-shirt fabric is like literally the cheapest cotton fabric you can buy, so it doesn't really retain its shape. You also seem to have a sizable chest to waist drop, and thin fabric is going to drape more/retain less structure, so it'll just hang off your chest like a trash bag.
yes tuck those style polos in

.Edit:.Pit to pit 21.5" 
Waist 20"
Hem 21.5"
The second pic doesn't look like you're wearing a bell at all..You just have to accept that clothes aren't always going to drape as perfectly as they do on a model during a photo shoot. 
Yeah but it doesn't matter, tucking in polos is sort o lame.
shouldn't have bought H&M. you knew what quality you were getting :0
It makes sense for a longer polo or tee since your hips are generally wider than your waist.
That's what I figured.  Cheers :)
it's probably because it doesn't fit you well/ is cut poorly.  perhaps you should try a different brand?
I have got the same h&m t-shirt and think it is just an odd cut. I had the same problem even when it was new.
It's frustrating. Old navy shirts fit great though 
Yeah h&m t shirts are kinda weird. I got another one (organic blend or something so a kinda different one) and it fits great.
You could tuck it in, I guess.
why would you tuck in a tshirt/polo
That's how it was done by the guys who popularized the t-shirt back in the Fifties, and with polos a few decades before that. 
Polo, I could see. But a tshirt...no
Some quite . have ..  It's a shame they didn't have MFA to show them where they were going wrong!
so?? those are clearly undershirts. Regardless, your point doesn't discount the fact that telling op to tuck in is bad advice.
ah yes the 50s. fashion that is still relevant today!
In all fairness that was a long time ago
Who makes some solid basic t shirts? J crew factory and uniqlo?
I wish I had a better answer for this, weird that it's so hard to find a nice t-shirt..Sunspel tees are my favorite but are not particularly affordable so I only own one..American Apparel is ok and has been my go to, but their quality control sucks. Half the AA shirts I have are great and have lasted me 7+ years and the other half are are cut like shit and lose their shape the same as yours..I've heard good things about the Uniqlo premium tees and regular J Crew washed tees but don't own any..I doubt J Crew factory is any good..Everlane fabric is nice but the cut is not slim at all. Mine gets used as an undershirt..American Giant t-shirts may be worth looking at, but I don't like the branding.
Mossimo at Target.
I like american apparel's tshirts. Especially their tri-blends..UO's aren't that bad either(triblends). I have a vneck thats about 4 years old that's still soft and it doesn't have any signs of wear, except maybe the fabric feels a little thinner.
Those UO triblends are better shirts than they have any right to be. After years my only t-shirts that have held up and still look basically immaculate are those things.
AA fitted tees are cut great,  a very soft cotton,  and come in tons of colours. Not sure if they are still 2 for 30, but the price is right if so. I have a half dozen,  and they all still fit well a few years later. No fading either. 
True but also some shit clothes are just shit quality. Most models are pinned in the back as well
Good question! Never paid attention really.
Pay attention to that then. If it's fine in the morning (after a wash i mean) then maybe pay attention to how you take it off, but if you take it off say to work out and put it back on it'll probably be stretched out for the day. As others said the quality of the shirt may cause it to stretch out easier. H&M has some of the lowest quality tees I've worn, which is fine for $5. But even going up to $9 at Uniqlo for the premium tees you're getting a much better shirt imo. As others said if you wanna go up in quality from there you have places like J. Crew, and if you're really into t-shirts then look into stuff like the real mccoys..And to summarize this, it looks okay overall, it might look funky if you took a waywt pic but in the wild I'd be surprised if people noticed. 
Huh. I was expecting it to be too baggy around your chest, but it actually looks like a pretty good fit up top. Maybe they're just getting stretched out? FWIW, it looks fine in the pictures you just uploaded. .EDIT: But it does look odd in the original photo you uploaded. I'm wondering if it's related to the sleevesone of the things I've noticed about H&M Divided tees is that the sleeves are cut at a significant angle which makes them look good when your arms are down. But if you lift your arms up (say, to take a photo of yourself) it tends to pull in funny directions. 
I think it's just a shit cut 
I'll probably never buy another Dividend t-shirt again. They are even worse after the laundry. 
Armholes probably too big and the body doesn't taper enough (or at all) 
Arm holes are actually snug. No taper 
Could be stretched from the way you put it on or take it off. .EDIT it read odd to me. 
Good, leather, and under $100? You're going to be disappointed.
posting pics would help immensely. from what you describe, just sounds like you need to slim/taper the pants, which does cost a bit of money from the tailor. 
as far as khakis or dress pants go, head down to a department store that has enough of a selection to find those pants with different fits. I am 5'6", 160lbs, 34w30l, and have found that Dockers make some great khakis that fit me very well, without any tailoring needed. 
Pictures would help. I wear 34/30 and don't think anyone could consider me short legged or stocky. 
Agreed,  that doesn't seem that bad. If you're muscular you should be fine. If you are actually closer to fat,  it will be a bit more difficult,  but still not too tough to find what you are looking for. Try looking into Levis tapered fit (508?) maybe? 
my gf is thinking about getting . German dress watch for her brother as a belated law school grad present. It's an entry level brand by the watch case manufacturer Ickler and supposedly a good value for that level of quality & attention to detail (at least for a quartz). Something similar would be a Hamilton Jazzmaster Quartz.
You can't go wrong with the Seiko SKX007. If you want more, take a peek at the guide in the sidebar of MFA and ..
I'm a fan of the watches by Daniel Wellington. Very simple designs that are still elegant. Could be worn casually or dressed up for a formal. Throw on a NATO strap and you're golden as well.
You're better off asking 
Cole Haan makes a decent driving moccasin, and they're fairly comfortable with the Nike Air insoles. I believe . is the pair that I own. 
1.) put them on your feet.2.) walk around in them for a bit
wearing them (???)
Just wear them.  .What brand are they?
Wear them for short periods of time, like when you have a free 2-3 hours or so around the house. Just don't do a marathon all-day session. If they start to hurt, take them off. Just put some hours into them and they'll soften up. You really don't want to break them in with anything but your feet, because then they'll be fitted to whatever object you stretched them with, rather than your feet
You can try some leather conditioner. Lexol is  like $7 bucks at Walmart in the automotive section. Something like that may help. Also you can apply some moleskin at the friction point inside the shoe. 
I would try this if they are blistering your feet: . 
Honestly, just wear the shoes. If you are getting blisters on your feet or are uncomfortable or have sweaty feet, try on some loafer socks. 
I'll suggest: . since the idea of ninjas seems very popular on reddit. The socks will allow the shoes to be broken in to your feet without your feet having to be too terribly uncomfortable.
Moonwalking
 looks pretty cool
 for $100 if size 8.5
-.-every sweatshirt on the OL site.-all the Nike sneakers on yoox
...and Gant Rugger too 
these .. I can't seem to pull the trigger
J. CREW DENIM JACKET < $83.00 WITH PROMO CODE: "FRIDAY".'s (medium wash which I prfer) the link and . if you prefer the no wash version. I believe the denim jacket is a great look/fit for going into fall/winter or maybe in the summer if you prefer and I know the MFA loves them so here ya go!
Not sure if you guys are big on 
Don't do it get the . instead.
Tons of Our Legacy in sale here 
..I'd be all over this if it was my size.
I like to watch Cabourn auctions on ebay just to see how high they go. It'd be nice to place a bid someday.
It is my size, but I don't think I would look good in orange.
GAWD I want that... but I have a 48 chest :( (2XL)
Dark brown camp mocs. Bass X McNairy. Size 13 only. Extra 25% off with EXTRA25. Less than 70, after tax I think? 
Well, those are incredibly sexy.
Just bought a pair..Literally the . time I have enjoyed being a size 13. 
If you missed out on these, LL Bean makes ., which I have and find them amazing. Size down .5-1 size than your sneaker size for a good fit. Similar price.
Couple cool things I saw on sale at Acrimony.
Between this and the Steam/Amazon game sales my wallet is filing abuse charges. 
Love the idea behind this thread. I hope to see more of these in the future.
Dang those are sweet.
The Del toro's? Yeah I just bought . and my coworker is gonna turn the cream part gold. I know they are no where near as nice as the Del Toro's but they will do the part since I'm not rich enough to drop that kind of money on the Del Toro's anyways. 
They have a removable pom at the top, the colors are pretty sick and they are on sale for an extremely good price. On a side note this is my own website so help a brotha out would you.
[deleted]
this isnt a bst thread
My bad totally misinterpreted that lol
I dig this concept.. by Thom Browne caught my eye the other day. Could be cool for someone into the preppy stuff.
damn, this is the most thom thing i've ever seen

Oh damn I just realized I told you I was gonna try to make this a recurring Tuesday thread a few weeks ago. I totally forgot. Thanks for picking it up.
Shoes: ., ., 
23 inch shoulders for a medium.. Seems like it may fit large for most people.
Cabourn stuff fits pretty full
Jesus, that's beautiful and cheap
For the . fanatics.
Own this crew neck. Love it, looks better in person imo
How is the sizing? 
pretty standard. a little loose but in the good way
. Bargain at that price.
But they are my size and a great deal... 
Yeah that's the only thing I don't love about them. They'd probably be slightly big for me too and I don't really need another pair of boots at the moment.
  decisions decisions..sorry, I feel like I've replied to everything you've posted today
holy, that junya jacket. if only it was my size.
I nabbed one in my size a couple weeks ago. It's great.
What is OL? A brand? What's there web page?
Our Legacy
I saw that too, I was really considering it until I remembered I just put in an order for a ToJ :(
you dont want them

God what are those shoes and where can I get them?
I will prefer that pattern on a t-shirt or a shirt.
How do you size those?
"size guide"
I know but but it doesn't do shit on mobile
17.25" waist.12.15" front rise.31" inseam.7.25" leg opening. .same except 17.75" waist and 31.75" inseam.18.5" waist.12.50" front rise.31.75" inseam.7.50" leg opening
2 - waist 44cm rise 31cm inseam 78cm leg opening 18cm.3 - waist 45cm rise 31cm inseam 80cm leg opening 18cm.4 - waist 47cm rise 32cm inseam 80cm leg opening 19cm
Uniqlo's graphic tees are on sale. The Nat Geo ones are awesome. I got my ..
I clicked on your link think "Man a national geographic graphic tee? This has to be cheap for a reason." And then I thought it was the coolest goddamn thing ever and am trying to make some outfits in my mind with it.
Yeah some of them look strange but I think these (., ., .) are pretty sweet. The only thing I don't like is the little logo on the bottom right of the shirt.
yess i have #2 and its great. The logos aren't really that visiblle so don't worry.
Do you know how uniqlo tees fit? Usually I buy a small and it fits fine sometimes its to small. Although sometimes I have to buy a medium. So do you know if which size I should get?
tts, a little bigger than H&Ms tees if that helps at all.
tts so get a small
About How much was the shipping on these?
a whopping $7 bucks. Which in my opinion is kind of ridiculous. Orders over 100 have free shipping.
 they don't have my size(US14), which isn't a problem cause I made my own for $50 anyways.
There were a bunch on yoox that I linked to some people on ...EDIT: Sorry, no 14's.
Quickest impulse buy of my life.
GOD DAMNIT! I just bought these for like $150 a week ago... Now they're $100 on Yoox?!?!
How did you make your own?
are those actually from 77 or are they repro, I know that's a stupid question.awesome either way
guessing the model number means it's repro
They aren't actually from 77, nike just released them this summer I believe.
those are sick
By sick, I mean they make me want to vomit.
Link?? 
It's in my comment history.
For anyone looking for a cheaper option, there are ., but you would have to be willing to settle for a different design.
This thread is a great idea..Anyone interested in Norse Projects hats should check out the 
Damn those norse caps are sweet. I don't know if I can eat that $20 shipping cost for a hat though (I'm in USA). Is this the cheapest I'll see them, or do they go on sale at Norse stockists too?
Not sure whether they'll go on sale elsewhere. The way I like to look at it you are sort of getting the hat for the retail price with $5 shipping.
I want this so badly. Fucking 49 dollars for a hat.
That hat is awesome. Just hard to justify spending $60 on a hat after shipping. I found a similar cheaper ..
For those already prepping/wishing to prep for fall/winter, or were waiting to pull the trigger on boots:.A good number of Red Wing Heritage boots (Beckmans, baroques, moc-toes--both wedge sole and regulars, mocassins, etc) are on sale for under $150 @ ., some even under $130. .No IRs though..I'm personally not pursuing--already have Katahdins and 1000 miles (that finally fit me). . ..And for those interesting in "maximising savings potential" (read: PMs ahoy!) of referral system, you can save $35 if a friend u refer spends $35 or something like that. . .
How wide is wide?
RW fit TTS?
winter boots, work boots, and hunting boots will run large. They need to allow for your feet to swell and for multiple pairs of thick socks. Having some room in the toebox means it will get better air circulation, so your feet wont sweat. You dont want sweaty feet in a cold winter, especially when you are working or hunting..If you are wearing thin socks and just walking around town a bit, then go ahead and size way down. Typically between .5 and 1.5 sizes depending on the boot. If you are going to be working, hunting, hiking, or anything that would swell or make your feet perspire, or even if you'll just be outside in the cold a lot. Then just size down .5 or perhaps none at all..I always cringe when someone recommends that others size down a whole size before they even know what the person will be using the boots for.
size down 0.5-1
not all the time, it's always worth asking..I also wear daytons 1.5 sizes down and then wear a pair or two of wool socks and they fit like tts osb trench boot. You really need to try them on and/or ask for advice if you can. .All that said, in general you're right and your first guess should be tts or -.5, not -1 or -1.5. 
Does anyone have an example of a winter boot, work boot, or hunting boot that fits tts? Not that I think you are wrong. I am just curious.
osb trench boot. you can argue it's a dress boot but it's really not..
chippewa or bean katadhin i forget which but really both versions fit the same and tts.that's just from the very top of my head
osb trench boot page says "We recommend a snug fit as the shoe will stretch to conform to your foot". That is interesting, and you are right, I would argue that I dont think they mean for it to be used as a work boot. Solely based on the fact that they are telling people it should fit snug..According to feetlot, chippewa gqs and ll bean katadhin's run large. 
according to the pair i own the chippewa gqs and llbean katadhins run tts so idk what to say trust an anecdote or not it's pretty fuckin close.they're a fucking fashion workboot.if you want a fucking work boot you don't buy them online you go buy a steel toed boot somewhere that fits your foot and is kind of comfortable
I used promo code CLYMB7IN7SoAm for an additional $10 off
Had IRs, I wear a 12 in everything else, IRs in 11 fit me great
Do you have any idea how long this sale will last? I really want to get a pair but I wont get my paycheck for a little
Define "for a little". 
Nevermind, the Red Wing sale lasts for 3 days.
2 days and 19 hours as of my post, but stock may run out whenever.
hate myself for not living in america
I bought a pair of . on eBay for $50, in my size. Then used acetone to removed the coat, in the place in needed to paint. Then painted the design onto the leather, using special leather paint. Turning out like .. The only thing I don't have is the grey suede things on the bottom of the shoe, which I don't mind because I personally think these look better.
Nice def look better
This is really cool. When I saw the first picture I thought it would not work out well. Turns out it looks pretty similar.
This is the coolest thing ever. Would you be willing to make another pair sometime? I'd pay like 100 for one of these. 
I also do many other customs, with whatever you want, so instead if you wanted green on the orange part that'd be fine etc. PM me, if your really serious about getting them.
I probably wont be getting some till fall. Home for summer and don't have much money at the moment. but when fall quarter starts im definitely serious about it.
I'm in the same boat, I will definitely PM you sometime down the line. These look better than the originals. How does the tongue look on them though? I like the buttery look of the originals. What other custom stuff do you do?
The tongue worked out pretty well, and looks very similar to the original. Not quite buttery as the original, mainly because im too lazy to paint another layer and also the fact that the white laces will be covering the majority of it. I can paint on generally any shoe, whatever you want. iPhone cases too. I have a few pictures of shoes I've done for a few locals if you want to see. (Mainly younger kids)
OK, sounds good. When I get closer to the time I wanna buy something, I will let you know. For now I have some other financial priorities, sadly.
I'm just gonna second that these look notably better. I want to see them in fits now.
Thanks bud, and as soon as I get the laces, ill put on some fits.
that's pretty fucking dope dude. nice job
Thanks man, just waiting till my white laces come in, so I can make a bigger post or post it on DIY
Yeah, you're putting a lot of stress on the area of the jean that experiences blowouts even with just walking. Heavier denim + a looser fit + more frequent washing, but beyond that, there's only so much. 
Maybe try something like uniqlo that has elastine and will stretch
cheaper end is levis commuters.slightly more expensive is outlier
Sperrys sound pretty in your league for cost / leather / slip on / comfortable. 

Chances are what you want would be a driving shoe: 
.or a nice pair of loafers:.The driving shoes will be a much softer leather and probably more comfortable, and they will definitely stretch to your feet. They do look a little more "frat boy/dad on the weekends" than the penny loafers. .Either way, I'm concerned about your black button up shirts. Is that the uniform where you work? If not, I'd suggest trying some different button downs, read the side bar for the general advice..Just saw your edit, here are some cheaper options:
.The dark brown grain leather looks fantastic, however they will not be as comfortable and do not provide as much support.
I don't know of any worthwhile penny loafers for sub$100, but I'm sure you can find some on the internet. 
But, boat shoes provide almost no support for someone on their feet all day, and he said he wanted something . professional. Sperrys are as unprofessional as the business world can possibly allow. Not to mention they rarely look good with jeans/chinos. 
How about Red Wing Beckman for $199 at the nordy's anniversary sale. They're out of your price range, but at least they look good with jeans, and they will last you a very long time if you take care of them.
Ah, missed the 'more professional.' It was late. :P
There's no way you are going to find the exact same stuff(brands). But the items in the video are quite simple and you can just search them up: navy bomber jacket,navy chinos, white crew neck tee, and low profile white/grey sneakers (hard to tell the colors)
Ideally I'd have them slightly shorter but I don't think it's anything to worry about.
Why you wanna shorter sleeves? I think you look great.  Enjoy the wedding ;-) 
You don't think the sleeves are too long? It most definitely is greater than 0.5 inches of cuff shown.
Im not usually wearing suits so i could be wrong but they really look good for me. 
I think you're being thrown off by the fact that you've got 1 arm longer than the other. You could have a tailor fix that by making them the same length relative to your arm lengths. .But, there's nothing to be done right now to help that, and they're not too long...just unbalanced. 
Yea, you're right. One of my arms is definitely longer. Ideally I should have got the shirt tailored, but I just don't have the time now. I do think it's noticeably long (maybe because I'm not really used to wearing suits). I ended up picking up some clear hair bands that i can just wrap around my arm and gently pull some of the fabric up. Tested it out and worked like a charm. Its temporary but I'll just have to remove them if I take off my jacket.
Move the button on the shirt's cuff so the wrist opening is smaller, thus making the shirt's cuff resting higher on your wrist. It should take you 15 minutes
Oh wow it's almost as if we don't have a sidebar.
gee that's familiar 
Nice to see this kind of guides again. This is reminds me of how poor I am and that how nicely dressed I would be if I were to have all of those shirts and dress listed there. Damn, why do I have to be poor 
A repost, yes, but probably a good refresher. Lots of guides say 'what' in general to buy, but that this one links to SPECIFIC (really good) choices makes it superb. 
It's an ok guide to dressing in one very particular way. Follow it and you'll look exactly like what most redditors think MFAers look like. Which is reasonable if you're in your twenties and you live in a metropolitan area. I suppose the site is called "A Basic Wardrobe", not "The Basic Wardrobe"..I'm glad that it avoided the word "essential" for the most part, since nothing is. It did call a navy blazer essential, but unless you work in a business casual environment, or have a smart casual/preppy style, it's not too useful. The only clothing that I could argue that anyone needs, regardless of workplace and personal style, is one suit in any (reasonably conservative) color, for occasions like funerals where the dress code is universal and non-negotiable..Also, calling Allen Edmonds high end? Really? They're the low end, good entry level footwear once you get past the stuff that anyone trying to look good would be embarrassed to wear in public.
While many of the suggestions are not essential (Penny loafers, peacoats, formalwear) most of what is here can be incorporated in to a variety of styles, as long as these items aren't the only thing you own and you alter the "suggested items" to your liking (example: plaid instead of gingham, or high-tops instead of the achilles low)
I say the same thing I said when this first came out, its stupid and encouraging people to buy things they dont need and will never wear. Everyones situation is different and theres not basic wardobe that works for everyone
So, thanks for the post as I have not seen it before. Random question though, can anyone recommend a pair of loafers similar to the ones in the article. I am pretty particular and actually like those just not the price lol. Thanks again!
What is the jacket in the picture, does anyone know?  Looks like it would be barbour to me but I'm not finding anything that looks similar.
Sometimes when I look at these I feel guilty if I have over the recommended amount. 
Only 4 t-shirts surprised me. I bought 3 just the other day and I probably have about 15 I cycle through.
Same here. I own several more pairs of shorts. Probably 5 regular and 3 athletic types. 
basic wardrobes are for basic bitches.dont copy someone elses style, find your own
The point of this is that regardless of style you're going to need most of the things on this list.
if by "regardless of style" you mean "if you dress in the mfa uniform" then sure
I looked at your comment history and you're just a really boring troll dude. Seriously, you can do better. 
Not necessarily, If you live in Alaska you probably won't need 3 pairs of shorts and if you're a kid in high school you probably won't be wearing OCBDs to school. Also I wouldn't say that raw denim is a necessity. 
I dunno, I'm in high school and I wear OCBDs on occasion.
He didn't say raw denim was a necessity, he just recommended it. I have a pair of the levis 513s that are 2% stretch material and they're.. well.. amazing..If you're a kid in high school and you don't wear hollister you might, haha.
we ratchet
Two things:
So I've seen this guide (and others) evolve, and I feel something is missing.  I live in Chicago at the moment, and I never see any mention of snow or Ice gear among these guides, specifically in reference to boots that look good and won't leave you sliding everywhere when the winter weather comes.  Can anyone give me a hand?
Besides bean boots sorrels are another brand to look
Redwing Beckman, unlike the Iron ranger or 1000 mile, have a rubber bottom that serve me well in the Minnesota winters. So if you're looking for something that doesn't scream "winter boot" as much as bean boots, check out the beckmans. 
The go-to is the LL Bean boot. I don't know of any other "MFA approved" inclement weather boot. Maybe something like the Redwing Beckman or Moc-toe, possibly something from Danner- but all of these are primarily leather boots so they might get wrecked anyways..Maybe . but I have no idea how well they hold up in snow.

I knew this looked familiar. 
Oops didn't know this site had already been posted. I just found it yesterday on lifehackninja.com and I really love it.
hold up let me create a booklet
what's appropriate length for your hair really depends on what industry you're applying for. Banking & legal, shoulder-length hair isn't going to go well. IT or advertising you can get by with a wicked Jewfro if your resume & recommendations are strong enough.
Really need pictures before any advice can be given about hair. You can blur your face if you need to (but you'll get better advice if you dont)
This question is relevant to me.  Everyone I know keeps telling me to leave my hair long, while my parents say I'll never look professional..I have a phone interview next week.  Once they can see me, I don't know what to do..But then, I'm interviewing for engineering positions on the west coast, so formality isn't everything.
What's your field? What kind of companies are you going for? Where, geographically?.Different industries have different standards, and so do different places.
Wear a wig :)
If you are looking for work then go with the short hair. If you don't care what people think about you what until AFTER you get the job. An interview is all about first impressions, so make it count.
Go for .
Also fix the frizziness that never looks good on long hair, and if you can't then just cut it.
i don't think there could be a less informative post
I think those posts that say "I have a $50 gift card what should I buy" are a little more uninformative 
I try to keep my long hair trimmed so the ends don't tangle as much and pull it back when I am going fancier.
Comb it.
Dude with long hair here. Buy anti-frizz products; Tresemme is good. .Also I'm assuming that you use conditioner. If not, .Ponys are always more of a professional look. 
How long are we talking?  Pics?
To put it mildly, long hair and looking professional simply don't intersect - at least not in the United States..I don't mean "flowing hair" which individuals style.  I mean frizzy long hair that you might be putting in a ponytail or holding back with clips, hairbands, etc.
Lots of men think they can pull off long hair, but the actual percentage of people who can is negligible. You might want to rethink it. From your description I'm imagining that guy from LMFAO.
Grey denim or chinos is all I can think of. As ShinyTile said, these shoes just aren't very versatile.
That is one confused shoe.
They're not going to get a lot of love here, I can say that. You're going to have to be careful with jeans, because they're really similar to the blue denim. No black pants will work. I'd say your best bet is probably some chinos, but overall, they're not a very good looking or versatile shoe, sorry. .Check out the shoe guide in the sidebar. For a better looking shoe of that GENERAL style, check out something like this: .Even then though, versatility is a challenge. 
If you're 6ft 155 (exactly the same as me) you don't need to go up to XL. When I carried IWB, I wore medium or large tees. If the shirt has a loose drape, and you carry low enough down, it's not going to show. 
Large seem fine, another redditer mentioned air drying my clothes
You should wash cold and hang dry anything you care about to not only help prevent shrinking, but also to protect the integrity of the fibers. 
I did not know this. Does this work on all shirt materials? I'm not exactly clothing savvy... 
Yes. You want to be gentle on your clothes. The only things I dry are underwear and socks.  
I appreciate the information :) How would I go about hanging them to dry? I live in an apartment and do not have the ability to hang them outside. Is there a certain rod system available? Do you just hand them in a closet damp?
I just hang mine off of my shower rod
Good idea
Yeah. While he's definitely technically right, washing on cold and drying on tumble (either low or no heat) has always been fine for me, and I buy my clothes with very little margin for shrinkage. 
xxl white tee,
sagged jeans,
jesus piece
Workwear inspired stuff is going to be a really natural fit with these too. Heavy slubby dark denim, heavy natural leather belts, flannel shirts with big check patterns, chambray, etc. If you can find it in a 'work wear inspired' album, it'll probably look really good. Nice boots. 
Just wear your everyday "really casual clothing" with these.
was hoping not to go down this route...
Try contacting Rayban and ask what lense colors are available for your model. I had to have my lenses replaced after one smashed. 20 dollars for a set of non polarized lenses. You could either get an extra set (if they have them) or see if you can return your pair and order a new pair direct.
[deleted]
Ah ok. Yeah the lady that did the exchange for me said they were green but I guess the pair I had were a bit lighter than usual. At least, that's what she said. Mine new pair seems darker so i'm happy.
Oh that's not bad at all.
Planning on wearing them to the pool/beach huh
Well I do live in SoCal....But seriously, I'll see pictures of people wearing theirs and the lenses are completely black whereas with mine, you can see my eyes even in a dimly lit room. I just did an exchange for some non polarized glasses at Sunglasses Hut and even the lady said they're a bit on the light side. My new ones seem much darker.
Huh, that's odd. My lenses on my Ray Bans were polarized and my eyes were pretty visible, but I chalked that up to them being prescription. I got the lenses dyed a little darker. Go to your optometrist, maybe they can do a cheap dye job.
I already exchanged them for some non-polarized ones that seem to be better.
How did you get yours dyed? Also at the optometrist? 
Yeah. My uncle's pretty cool and he did it free of charge. Just a bit darker. 
That's cool, had the same problem with prescription sunglasses myself, do you know any other places that will stain for you, like Costco or some website maybe. And I love passion pit! Not so convinced on the penis part yet 
And is your name a reference to passion pit lol
Yes it is
Update - got a pair of AE strands, 9.5 E. Walking on them they seem a bit too snug after a bit, lets see how they work..Thanks guys.
I only have experience with AE, but my Park Aves softened up after 2 wears. They're gloriously comfortable and make me wish I could wear them far more often then my lifestyle allows..If you're going to walk in them, make sure to check the soles (are you e-shopping?) some AE soles(I don't know the difference, just that my Park Aves work fine outdoors, but my Quinton's are a mess if I take them anywhere off maintained surfaces) are made strictly for indoor wear, and will get pebbles embedded in them easily. This won't ruin the shoe, but can be annoying to dig them out/ unbalance the shoe over time..Best of luck, hope my advice helps. If you have any more questions, let me know!
Thanks for your help. No, Its a shop sale, not online..Does the leather sole suffer from water? Skids a lot?
Is quinton a model or a brand? LEather sole also?.I'll be probably adding a rubber cape to them anyway, so they last.
The leather sole definitely suffers from water, and will slide on anything. The first night I wore them I was pulling off charlestons and moonwalks in them on the dance floor which was surprising. .Quinton is a discontinued(I think?) AE brand, from 2 years ago, . made on the same last as the Park ave and Strand. It has a rubberized sole of some kind only on the heel, which is the problem. 
I love my Brooks Brothers Harrington Jacket. I couldn't find a link, but I'm sure if you went into one of their factory outlet stores, you could find one for a good price.
I have a navy Fred Perry Harrington - I absolutely love it and would recommend it.
Post in the "Simple Questions" thread. 
baracuta G9 or toj
ToJ stopped making thier Harrington a long time ago...
they're still all around, pretty easy to find.
'nana Republic makes one.  If you have an outlet nearby you check it out.  I just picked one up on sale for $25 last week.
Will do.
Looking to get some Brooks Brothers shirts as well, considering they are half price. Will be on the lookout, cheers.
I bought a no brand Harrington Jacket in a little shop at Camden Markets in London two years ago. .I did have to sew both of the collar buttons back on and I had the zip replaced last week, but for 30 pounds (plus $45 AUD for the new zip), it's going strong. It's warm, keeps me dry and I love it. .If you happen to live in, near or are going to London, send me a PM and I'll give you the address for that shop.
Thanks for the info. Unfortunately i live in Melbourne. I am going to London, but in a year. Thanks again.
Heading to London in a couple weeks. 
No probs bud..Hah, what a coincidence. I live in Melbourne too (I'm guessing you mean in Australia and not Melbourne, Florida).
If i ever meet someone from Melbourne, Florida, it will be the day.
I picked . up and really enjoy it
I've been looking at this in the red. What colour you got? 
I've got the navy one but I don't think you would be going wrong with anyone of them
Can you please post some pics wearing it and otherwise?
Yeah no problem, I'll put some up this evening.
 or . in my opinion.  I've own a couple of each.  Examples of the essential Harrington..EDIT:  Also, I'd check out . as well.
Ben Sherman's are great.
Mercs are awesome.
Luxire makes a MTM harrington. Looks nice and their shirts and pants have good reviews, take that how you may though.
If you can get over the branding, I dig the Member's Only ones. Idk what the general MFA consensus is on those though.
Not a harrington. 
I always thought it looked similar...what would you call it? Moto jacket? Bomber? I'm not sure where it fits...
I guess I can maybe see where you're coming from? They call it a "Racer Jacket", but really the MO jackets have their own distinctive/recognizeable style to the point where just calling them by the brand name is understood easily enough. 
I have a khaki one from Woolrich. I think it was $95. I like it a lot. 
Jump the gun
Baracuta's G9 is the standard. Unfortunately, Baracuta is trying to re-brand themselves as a luxury company ( la Burberry) so they're going to jack up their prices to $425/jacket..Grenfell also made them. I've heard that other manufacturers licensed Grenfell's fabric for Harringtons, but I can't couldn't tell you when or by whom.
Am I the only one who hates the lining in Baracutas?
Baracuta's look fantastic, yet with that price tag, i can only assume that i could find a similar alternative. Ill check out Grenfell. Cheers.
I think the lining ads contrast, IMO i consider the lining an importance in selecting a jacket. But everyones entitled to their opinion, there are various Harringtons with a plain set lining.
$475 for .. Pro shell. Totally worth it. Will last me forever.
$1,800 on a blazer on sale :|
On a single garment (ie, not including suits) $490 on a casual jacket.
$730 on Alden Color 8 Longwings. At this price I had to be absolutely certain that they would fit, so I ate the LA tax and went to LeatherSoul BH..For context, it takes me ~6 weeks of work to save this much money.
400$ on a goddamn watch
$1800 on a ...Lining the collar and interior of the jacket is an incredibly soft shearling. The shoulders have an ostrich leather trim. All together it looks absolutely amazing.
~ $100 for a pair of Aldo monkstraps. I'm in college, they really only see use when I'm going to a play or a musical (my girlfriend is a musical theater major, so in all fairness this is more or less once or twice a month)..They're cheap, and had I done a bit more research I could have found a better pair for not much more, and will certainly upgrade when these wear out. But they get the job done, and do look better than what most other guys in our circle wear on their feet. For now, no regrets..I'm counting this as most money . spent. I do have a few more expensive pieces which were gifts - a suit, a few cardigans, etc.
Clothes?
$700 CAD on a sport jacket.
About $450 for a suit, which is probably my least favorite suit. No real regrets though, I didn't know any better, and I have a serviceable black suit for funerals etc..Oh... $1500 or so for a ring I guess. That was worth it.
$380 on toj.most expensive item is kvas, but I got them for ~1/6 of retail
$285 on a pair of Daltons. That is if you count a suit as seperate items (though it might have been cheaper still, don't remember). .Getting ready to top that with a navy blazer. Probably Billy Reid. 
$150 for sweats
400 on Ae loafers
$500 on a pair of custom White's that I'm still waiting for.
Clothing: $795 Burberry London trench coat (on sale); Shoes: $345 AE Park Aves; Accessory: $425 Polo Ralph Lauren weekend bag.edit: formatting
$800 plus shipping on a pair of samurais
Not the most money, but I did spend $90 on a t-shirt. That was pretty ridiculous. 
$250 each on Tommy Hilfiger hockey jerseys back in '94. 
$700 something for an 1818 BB Regent suit.  I look quite dapper.
I've spent close to $1,200 on a suit, but considering a suit includes pants, jacket etc and is many items, not counting it, $900 on a watch. 
I spent about $750 on a silk and cashmere sport jacket from the Hugo Boss outlet in Vegas.
after shipping, these cost about $800
Burberry glasses. $450 with the prescription. But that seems like cheating cause the frames were only like $180..Other than that, AE cordovan McNeils, at $400 for seconds. Love em. 
375 on some pbj's
My cordovan boots weren't cheap ($900+).Peacoat ($450?).It becomes a lot easier to spend big sums once you've done it before and you had no regrets.  It's actually the cheaper items that I regret buying.  I'd rather have one awesome $500 item than five mediocre $100 items, especially for jackets and shoes.  
Not sure if the 12,000 I'm currently spending on my Engineering degree counts, but otherwise it's 600 on my Keyboard, sounds lovely and worth every penny
~$1100 on this Pal Zileri suit:
.It was kind of an impulse purchase, but I fucking love it and get a lot of compliments whenever I wear it.  Fits ..
My cat cost about $4.5k after medical bills....but i love that little bastard.
About $330 on some Allen Edmonds. No regrets because they're almost 3 years old, in fantastic condition, I still love them, and they still look fantastic. I can't imagine any $100 shoes from 3 years ago that would be true for as much. 
$110 on a pair of boots
For me, bespoke suits easily top the list at 2.2-3.5k.  A few pairs of shoes are a distant second around 900 or so.  (This is assuming we are focusing on clothes given the sub?).If you need to justify, just decide if these are 'life' purchases or a passing interest.  I find it easy to justify hefty spending on things you intend to use for a lifetime.
I stole a $400 jacket from Hugo Boss so I guess that counts 
Rancourt Clymers for $265
$15k on an engagement ring.
$300 on a Burberry military parka. I love it so much. It's very lightweight but keeps me very warm. Also, it has giant pockets and the entire coat folds into one of them. I don't regret it at all.
$7,500 on ETFs
$650 on a MTM suit (Proper Suit)..edit: It was .8% of my pre-tax income at the time, but I've got student loans :'(
$650 on Tod's black lace up ankle boots
.Impusle purchase.  I wore them almost every day for 2 years... so like $2 a day..Still wearable, need to polish them.
Roughly $450 after taxes on AE Dalton boots that I've only worn a few times. .I told myself I'd wear them more often, but I feel like they're too fancy to wear casually..I probably should have gone with the 1000 Mile boots.
340 ($520) on a pair of Crockett and Jones Hallam shoes.
$500 or $600 on a Barbour Wessex. Great coat, though.
$104 on a pair of Iron Rangers (they're used)
$500 on 
$335 toj
$200 on a pair of raw denim.
$1299 on a new moped.
$25k - 2008 Volkswagen GTI.$700 - Billy Reid camel hair peacoat (forget the name, but its the longer version if the Bond coat from last year)
Assuming you mean just clothes....$5200 for a Tom Ford suit I bought last week (I own 3 others, but I'll ignore those for the other items)..2nd Place: $2100 for a Belstaff Jacket.3rd Place: $800 for Wolverine 1000 Mile Cordovan boot. Which is being replaced by another shoe purchase very soon.
$695 on ...$416 on ..
$150 on a Filson 257. #pleblyfe
$500+ on new Alden 405s
On clothes?.$475 on a ToJ A-2. .Ended up selling it though.
$200 on Left Field wool trousers. It's been too hot (outside of wearing them for my wedding) to wear them, but this fall we'll see how they fare in terms of value.
~$10000 on a document-fee for apartment purchase..(In Norway you have a government fee for making the documents related to property transfer, at 2.5% of total price)
150 on a Vince sweatshirt about a year ago.
140 on a pair of emporio armani sunglasses.
I'm 17 though, so I haven't had the chance to drop bank on things yet. I'm wanting to start doing more of a French wardrobe style though.
$2,400 for a Martin D28.  No regrets. 
200 on a suit. Non- suit item is one 85 blazer.
320 or something on my APC camel jacket..most singularly expensive I own is these Nonnative boots, but I paid like 15% of that price.
$220 on my Baldwins I think. Good purchase, very nice jeans.
i spent 800$ on 721LTD's on amazon a week ago.turns out they sent generic 1000 miles in the cordovan colour.god damn i wish i got the real ones, its such a hassle contacting customs/amazon/3rd party seller to get 3 different refunds
300 on alden indy boots
550 (possibly 660, petitioned the duty classification to reduce the tax from 20% to 9.5%) on a .. .Honestly I had no idea about duty fees and shit when I ordered it so when I got that bill I shat my pants. Not to mention, it was like 2 days after my birthday. It seems to be leaving a bad enough taste in my mouth to want to sell the coat but I don't think I will..EDIT: Context--college student. So yes, this was a shit load of money. About 1/2-2/3 months income for me personally (counting my wife it would be a week; she wins dat bred)
YES! I'm going to get this jacket as soon as I buy the Levi's 1930's jacket first.
It's seriously a sexy jacket. No doubt about it. Fits really slim up top, though. And that Barbour smell...oh man. I really wish I could wear it more often, but at the same time I don't know if I want to keep it badly enough. Still debating with myself.
Why can't you wear it? What size did you buy/what are you measurements, because I have to decide for myself to get a small or medium..And I'd never get rid of it simply for the fact that fucking . wears it. If it's good enough for him, it's good enough for me. I have multiple pieces of 007 clothing.
It's not that it doesn't fit well or anything, it's just summer here (90F/humid af).I have a ~39" chest, 17.5-18" shoulders, short and stocky build, and the M I got is tight up top. Below the chest is totally fine. The sleeves are maybe .5-1" too long but I'd rather just keep them that way than spend another $100 sending it to Barbour to hem..If you're debating, size up. AFAIK this jacket is pretty slim. However, you can see in different shots during the lodge part of Skyfall (shots from behind D. Craig) that when he raises his arms up to shoot his rifle the jacket pulls pretty significantly in the center on the upper back, so I know that it is meant to fit snug. I can take fit pics if you'd like?
I'll definitely be buying a medium, then. I have a 37" chest and 18-18.5 shoulders. It makes me a weird in between for smalls and mediums depending on the brand..Go ahead and give me a fit pic, I'd like to see how this jacket fits on one of us mere mortals.
hehe...i had to put on clothes. ..
Yep. I'm buying the crap out of this when I get another paycheck or two. I appreciate the pics man, thank you.
giggity. trying it on again made me realize how much i like it. i just wish i didn't have such short arms
$300. It was for a perfume so yeah, pretty steep. Justified it by saying it would be a signature scent for years, and I don't regret it at all. 
Which one ? If you don't mind my asking.
Not at all. It's L'Eau d'Hiver by Fredric Malle. I bought it because I have a really good memory for scents and I can recognize specific ones on other people, so I wanted one that would be somewhat lesser known and higher quality worthy of investment.
were they cordovan? that's a lot for AE loafers.
No, calfskin grayson
wtf
How do you like the Burberry trench? I entertain the idea of getting one every so often.
I'm pleased with it. It's one of the more conservative, mid-length styles - I think it's this .. They've been making trench coats since the First World War and certainly do it well.
Thanks!
$3000 on a Tom Ford suit (Tom Ford outlet in Woodbury Commons)... I have a fucking bespoke tuxedo that was cheaper than this suit which was both on sale and at an outlet... and I wear it like twice a year because I only have like 2 ties that can compete with the foot wide peak lapels... 
changbang who are you?
Lol, I'm just Alex (people call me "Peaches" at school, because I'm allergic to peaches).  I'm just a 19 year old (20 on Saturday), who gets lucky making money, and subsequently spends almost all of it on food, clothes, and novel items.  I'm not rich or anything, just 60-70% of all the money I've ever made goes to clothes because I lucked out on fin. aid at college, and I'm good at cooking.
how are those? i was gonna buy them but i don't want a boot with a leather sole
What's that in real dollars?
(Canadian here)
How could you confuse these, the 721s are wingtips...
they used the 721 picture and called it the 721.i knew there was a <1% chance it was actually true, but i didnt expect them to try to dupe me by sending cordovan 1k's i thought they would just cancel the order 
That's fucked up man.
fucked up my entire week i was so jacked up everyday looking at the tracking & waiting for the mail-lady.i didn't cry though!
I definitely would have. I cried when I got my wolverines lol
If the title actually says 721LTD, it's supposed to be the cordovan. In fact, only the cordovan leather is supposed to be worth that much. Go and get your money back.
well aware
Think of it like this. .Do you really want it? Will your life be the same with or without your material purchase? One must look deep inside themselves and sternly meditate on these feelings. .That said, I looked deep into my own psyche and have determined that buying the Red Wing Beckmen shoes will make me no less, no more of a man; just more reasonably dressed. .There is always a price/worth ratio in things you buy. .One word of advice is, spend your money like you spend your energy. At the end of the day, you still want enough energy in reserve. 
The pretention is strong on this one
Get the boots. You won't regret it unless you already have an extensive boot collection. Humans are materialistic, its a simple fact, might as well embrace it dude.
Damn, what were the specs on that thing? 
0.91c, D, VVS2, and the best cut that I had seen under a microscope after 3 months of searching..The cut and the VVS2 were important because I had it set in a Stephen Kretchmer (aka .) tension setting. .Here's a picture of it: 
Damn.
Wow that setting is incredible. I don't doubt the strength of it, but I thank god I don't have the responsibility of wearing something like that. 
I wanna see this jacket
have any fit pics?
When I bought it the fit was fine. I've lost weight since then. I'm taking it back to Boss to see what the tailoring options are. Right now it's really loose in the chest and stomach area.
Same here. I bought mine for about half of the retail price due to discounts and gift cards, but the walnut color didn't coordinate well with my outfits. It also rains here a lot, which doesn't bode well for the leather soles/calfskin upper. I'll definitely do more research on my next splurge.. I still don't regret it though, I think it's still feasible as a dressy-casual option if worn properly: 
I like that, thanks
I don't think anyone with a clear head would pay retail for nonnative. It's not worth it at all.
to be fair, the Japanese retail was like $800, but the LN-CC retail was marked up to almost double that, for some reason. kinda like visvim.
why not, i would probably pay retail for nn 
Markup is crazy high for the US. It's not insane buying direct from Japan but it's usually more than it's worth for things like tees and jeans. 
oh ya fuck buying from Western stockists, the haven and ln-cc markup is especially crazy. I meant buying direct from Japan, but idk i mostly wear tees and simple stuff like that so i can justify it, but i definitely see what you're saying, especially with buying from US 
what brand?
Andrea Campagna. Best fitting jacket I've ever worn. Forest green linen. Think it was originally around $3,000. .I also picked up an Isaia suit that retails around $3,600 for $1,000 at a sample sale. 
nice catch on both
i hope that ring was for a lady

dope
Hey, look at mr. Moneybags over here.
500 on a blazer. It was a graduation present from a relative.
 You convinced me to get Baldwins and I'm glad every time I wear them
They're excellent jeans, aren't they? Glad someone else on here finally nabbed a pair! 
Nice. I have a hard time justifying the price tags on winter gear like that, since I only get 8-12 days on the mountain in a given year.
The Beta AR is less winter shell and more a thin outer shell. I use it for my rain jacket but have also used it to layer underneath, even to snowboard. I still had a hard time justifying since I live in Texas, but a man's gotta dream.
if you buy used you can get super nice shit. i got isaora for 300 and veilance for 400. there's a Beta AR floating right now on sf b/s iirc.
Which ones?
Just on FAS, I've been trading with it for almost two years now.
if you only wear them 2x a month they will last you a few years.
just keep them shined up and they will be fine.
Oh, definitely. They're about a year old and still look almost new. All I'm saying is that when they . wear out, I'll upgrade.
May I ask what watch? I feel like that's important to know.
Oh man, you're gonna be so disappointed ! It's one of those big ass Nixon watch !
Maaaaan. I was hoping you got a good deal on an old TAG or something at a police auction or something. Oh well. Do you like the watch at least?
Someday I'll get a TAG ! I love it, it's simple and fits my aesthetic. What do you think of it ? 
Aside from the size of the knob thing on the side, yes. I wouldn't buy it for myself however.
Not bad at all really, although you could probably find something similar for less money.
your pretax income is over 65,000 a month? Dafuq....
Programmer in Silicon Valley.
unless you get taxed for over 50%, thats still a lot of money. x-x
fuck, I misread his comment. Per year, not per month.
haha yeah. i was like.... dis nigga makes 650k a year pre tax?
Je-he-hEsus.
fuck, I misread his comment. Per year, not per month.
Oh shit, I misread your comment, not a month, a year.
You were making over $65K a month as a programmer in Silicon Valley? And you were still worrying about student loans?.EDIT: Holy shit.  
fuck, I misread his comment. Per year, not per month.
I think you mean Arc'teryx, unless Patagonia has radically changed its naming conventions :-P 
Ha, yup. Thanks. Been wanting some Patagonia stuff recently. Just on the mind.
$830 toj jacket.
Whoa, that's more than my rent. Worth it?
It's the single best thing I've ever owned. I'll know if it's worth it in ten years..edit: as in, I'm still not sure. 
$200 on a watch.....damn I need to step my game up.
It's all about how the watch looks and fits with your style. I get complimented all the time on a watch I only spent $75 on. 
Actually, that's a terrible analogy. I always try to spend my days so that by the end, I'm pretty much exhausted. I'm going to feel fresh in the mornings anyways; why would I conserve my energy? Maybe it's because I'm young. 
How did you get them at that price?
ebay
I got a gold bracelet a few years ago when I was in college. It was like $1,500. Now it just sits there. Worst purchase ever.
Obligatory reference to Friends episode with gold bracelet.
1 800 cash4gold
$90 wolf vs goat denim.Clearly, I don't have a lot of expensive pieces
Aren't cdbs over 100 bucks?
not on sale
Got mine for free in an mfa competition a while back
You can usually get them for like 70, its the most I would pay. I went to the clarks store and they gave me a random 25% discount for no reason.
I will internet slap him if it's a quartz fashion watch.
Exactly why I asked.
Despite what the fashion industry would have you believe, stepping your game up is really not synonymous with spending more money.
But spending more money is often necessary in order to step your game up. Necessary but not sufficient.
Shoes and suits would probably be the exception to that rule.
For me, it's even between 2,500 on a pair of bespoke shoes, and, coincidentally, also 2,500 on a bespoke suit. (Given the subreddit, I guess we're talking about clothing items, right? And not stuff like house, car etc?)
How much is that in U.S. dollars?
You could have literally typed 'how much is 2500 in dollars' into google and got the answer instantly. 
I didn't know how to create the   symbol on google. 20/20 hindsight i could have just copy and pasted it like I did to write this comment though.
You can just type "2500 gbp to usd" and it'll convert it. $3798.00 now for those wondering.
Where did you go for the suit.I'm guessing the row but I can't guess which house (all I know is that it definitely wasn't huntsman lol)
Not the row... It's Douglas Hayward, in Mount Street.
Banker in the City?
Patrick Bateman?
"The City" in this context refers to the ., and specifically the British financial services sector.
Nope - just some guy who got tired of making compromises by constanly buying upscale, but less-than-perfect off-the-peg suits and shoes, and decided to save in the long run by rather investing rarely, but wisely. Getting . what I want, and knowing I can't get anything better..EDIT: You're right about "the City" though insofar that it's where I went to acquire said items. 
How has that turned out? Any regrets?
I'm sure I'm not alone in saying that I would love to see pics of both the shoes and suit.
No regrets. It's been almost 10 years now, and I've only had to bring the shoes in once so far for resoling / overhaul (but I admit that I take care of them very well). The suit is a perfect fit ever since (9 years), but it's good to know that I can have it adjusted anytime, should I significantly lose or gain weight. It's a three-piece with a total of 18 pockets, all in the positions and sizes I requested them (I'm very picky about pockets). My tailor was extremely attentive about my particular needs - he even measured my cell phone back then, made a pocket just right for it, and pointed out that I could have the pocket adjusted whenever I switch to a new phone. Perfect..EDIT: . issue with the shoes, though. They fit my feet so snugly that it became a problem after a 14-hour flight, where I took off the shoes, and my feet had inflated slightly due to cabin pressure. I walked out of the plane on socks, with the shoes in my hand. That was the only moment when I second-guessed my decision.
Who did you go through for the bespoke work? I'd be interested to hear your impression of the construction, particularly the shoes.
Sorry, not sure what you mean by "construction"... Are you asking about who my bootmaker / tailor is?
Yes. I am wondering who your bootmaker is, who your tailor is, and what materials and techniques they used. I ask so that i can compare them to other shoemakers and tailors for the purpose of description or discussion, and for future reference should I wish to partake of thier services, or to advise another prospective customer. 
That is a lot of words for one question...
lol that's awesome
Yes, it . awesome... It's one of the things that got me hooked with bespoke services. Fun fact though: I never had to make use of that service - the same pocket that was custom-made for my Sony Ericsson T610 back then still (strangely, but perfectly) houses my iPhone nowadays. ;-)
Well then you didn't spend shit. 
Sorry that upset you so kuch
Well the title of the thread is the most you have spent, not the most expensive present you've received.
It's probably more informative to consider these responses relative to income. A $200 pair of boots is a huge fucking deal to a high school student working a part-time job, but it's a relatively small purchase to a guy in his thirties who is making six figures..The most I've ever spent was about a third of my monthly income (before taxes) on a winter jacket. That was years ago when I was a poor graduate student. I loved that jacket..These days, I get paid more. My clothing budget has increased, but not proportionally. The most expensive item that I currently own is a suit that cost me 6% of my monthly income (again, before taxes).
Yup -- my biggest purchase proportional to my income was $320 boots when I was making roughly $1600/month, so about 20%.  Have definitely not exceeded that even as my income went up a bit.
Very true..Source: high school student who just bought a pair of $200 boots yesterday
Seriously. I had to save for two months just to buy a bunch of cold weather clothing I will need for college, not even any particularly fun items, but still the largest amount of money I have ever spent (at one time) on clothing (or anything other than my car) in my life.
Agreed, as a student about to buy $200 boots.
That must be a nice pay.
Well, let me put it this wayI'm 33 and I work for an Internet company. That means I get paid decently . I rarely wear anything more formal than jeans and a sweatshirt. The one suit I have is decent, but it's not particularly fancy because I don't need it to be. 
Melt that mother downnnn.
$350 / Wolverine 1000 Mile.It took me a good 3 minutes at checkout to click the complete order button.
Smart purchase. 1000 miles are amazing, they are sometimes on . for less.
I am the happy recipient of a $138 pair from FMF. It fills me with joy.
Which sale did you get them at?
It was a Sierra Trading Post sale.
Lucky. I just missed it when it was up.
Agreed, bought two pair for $280, that deal still brings about a smile.
I just look at them across the room and get happy. I've never had truly expensive or nice shoes, and never boots, and they are quite enjoyable to own. Glad I had the opportunity to get the regular (in brown) at such a great price.
Ever had any regrets?
Nah I love those boots. I consider it an investment and wont have to buy boots for a long while.
That's what I was hoping to hear.
For those wondering, ehsu's suit costed one hundred thousand dollars.
It's 100% gold chainlink.
Damn, he could probably start a rap career just by owning that.
with a . dress shirt
I bought a divorce for $50,000. I looked really good after it.
Worth every penny.
Divorce is expensive, because it's worth it.
Amen.
despite what plebs would have you believe, yeah it is
Looking great doesn't really correlate with money spent; a casual look through any of the MFA/SuFu/SF WAYWT (and worst of WAYWT) will confirm this. This isn't to say that there aren't expensive items worth buying, just that spending more money won't automatically make you look good.
spending money is the key to looking great while also not . like you shop at Gap all the time.
I shop at Gap all the time, whats wrong with Gap?
I'm using Gap here as a stereotype of very basic, good-but-nothing-special kind of fashion. it does the job and it's fine but it's very easy to tell someone who primarily shops at J Crew, Gap, Banana Republic, H&M etc as the clothing and style usually lacks a whole lot of individuality or thought, which is a direct result of major-market design philosophy. it's branching out from those (involves spending more money) to get more unique products and build something creative for yourself.
One day... one day.
I've been reading more and kind of understanding more about higher fashion and designer products, but I've yet to really understand how you can build something "creative" out of someone else's clothing..I guess it's like writing and recording an album, versus making a mix tape?.Could you explain how major-market design philosophy leads to "a style lacking individuality or thought"?
Zoklar put it well. essentially, Gap, J Crew, BR, the like are essentially all chasing after one aesthetic - casual buttons ups, chinos, cardigans, casual wingtips, whatever. very basic menswear stuff. since it all shares the same goal it all meshes very seamlessly, but it doesn't break any new ground. this is because it's major-market - it's designed to appeal to a very wide variety of people, and that requires appealing to the lowest common denominator..your analogy about the mixtape is spot on - but occasionally more diverse. some people like mixtapes just of their favorite rap songs, or indie electronic tracks. other people like to put a hip hop instrumental as a lead in to a 70s psychedelic before closing with a contemporary piano ballad, but somehow create something cohesive or at least not totally wack out of all of them. .that's the creativity: being able to cross together multiple brands with different design philosophies into something new. some upper end grands (like engineered garments and post o'alls, or whatever) go together naturally, but others share little common ground. the differences are in the details, and it's finding harmony between such different philosophies that is the birth of creative fashion.
Some of what it's coming down to is that more expensive brands tend to have distinct styles/items, whereas Gap, J.Crew, BR, H&M, etc really produce a lot of similar items with some small differences. You could create the same outfit from just gap, or just jcrew, or a combination of the two, but the same can't always be said from more expensive brands.
Thanks. Makes more sense.
Thanks for the answer. Just comes down to nuances, I suppose.
Over in r/watches that would place you in the "affordable" group of watches.
Some people in . don't recommend buying a mechanical watch for under 1000 due to the cost of servicing. .If you're buying a 500 watch and it needs a service after a few years it could cost you 200 - a hard pill to swallow unless it's got sentimental value. 
Or you buy a $200 mechanical and it may need servicing in 4 years, it may need servicing in 10. You just wear it till it stops working then get another one. 
Yep. That's what I'm going to do with my 007 when it comes to it. .I do have an oris bc3 that I got for my 18th birthday that needs servicing. It was only 500 quid but I will pay the servicing at some point as it is a special watch to me. 
And when we say "affordable", what we really mean is that we call you a plebeian behind your back.
160k on a house
What is that, a house for ants?.....grumble grumble bay area grumble grumble...
I'd say yeah, assuming you bought the house with cash, or if that is the amount you've paid up to this point. However I'd disagree with the idea that a loan agreement is exactly the same as .. .I wouldn't say at day of signing, a person spends the sticker price on their car. The real money spent was the down payment, fees, et cetera. The rest is future money..The fact is that (assuming it's a mortgage) you could still get out of the mortgage. Alternatively, if I sign a $1500/m lease agreement for an apartment for 2 years, did I just spend $36,000? Of course not. Using nondiscounted future payments, many might consider their life insurance to be more expensive than their house..edit: I don't mind downvotes, but if someone would explain why they disagree that'd be great.
Well still, $1500 is easily the most I've spent at one time on something and I do that every month. 
Most living expenses are that though--required expenses. It's not part of discretionary spending. I mean if someone buys a summer house or a second "fun" car, or goes out to restaurants all the time then certainly that is discretionary, but I don't think shelter, food, utilities, transportation, or taxes really count.
I'm actually planning on being homeless for a month to afford my f/w wardrobe. .Who needs a house?
If this counts, then $180k on a dual degree.
Ugh, what degrees? Only about $20k on for my dual degree up here in Canada. The dual Masters I'm starting this year is expected to be slightly more expensive, but is luckily mostly covered by scholarships.
JD/MBA
definitely not a lot then.
No wonder. Cool program though, and very likely a good investment. I'm doing an MBA/MSc Finance but always kind of regret not doing law instead.
Don't regret it. Don't regret it one bit.
Whoa, cheap.
white hanes t-shirt, levis 511s, NB 574, dont get the jacket. not exactly the same because there is no way to know exactly what he was wearing but pretty similar.
I'd say it's just a tucked in plain white t-shirt with cuffed arms, a pair of kind of navy blue khakis cuffed as well and a pair I think light purple light purple with a white base type shoe..First time posting here, so I don't know if I got all the terms correct haha.
There is no need to buy a suit. Or to be draped in black. You can show your respects in other ways. Ironing every piece of clothing. Cleaning your shoes. Having a good tuck on your shirt. A black tie is a nice gesture, but if you don't have one, any non-flashy tie will do. .Sorry for your loss.
Dress code at a funeral is usually determined my family members. If you and your family want to celebrate his life and not don the typical black outfit, it is more than within your right to do so. I think shirt+tie+sweater would be the best combo depending on temperatures by you (and assuming they aren't conflicting patterns) but any of those is fine since you and your family will be setting the dress code. .Really sorry for your loss. 
I'm sorry for your loss, I'm sure you're getting a ton of that right now, but I can't imagine what you're going through, so I'm just sorry..My grandfather died in the fall and I couldn't find the pants to my black suit, so I just wore khakis, a white button up, a black tie, and a grey sweater. Nobody said a thing, and there were very few other people there in black suits. My family is fairly informal as well, so it wasn't an issue. It's for your father, don't sweat what anyone else will think - just look decent and you'll be fine.
Thanks to you all. I went with khakis and a button down today. Tomorrow I am going with khakis, sweater, white shirt and a tie. Thanks for all your support.
I'm so sorry for your loss. Maybe if your dad owned a particular tie, you could wear it in remembrance. I hope you and your family are doing ok.
I think this is an excellent suggestion.  If no tie, look for an accessory, watch, lapel pin, something like that. 
Aldo has great products to take care of suede.  Suede water proofing works very well.
you can always use neverwet
Check out the Tarrago Nano Protector, showcased by Leffot here: .The Vimeo is pretty compelling.
I use both Nikwax and Scothguard (Suede versions of both) and they work, but you really need to keep reapplying it monthly if you see more than sprinkling or misting. Honestly suede just isn't made to withstand downpours.
Get it cut and then grow it back out. 
Your hair is fucking awesome
Why, thank you!
What do you think about a top-knot?.Is your hair the right length to pull something like this off?
That's actually how I wear my hair when I tie it back. This is my "plan b" if I can't figure out anything else. Thank you for the suggestion!
definitely agree with this. I think a ponytail looks very casual and out of place for a wedding
I agree with this dude. As a fellow main man with a mane, man, I typically go top knot for more formal outings. But then again, I don't know how it would go with your hair texture, as mine is fairly straight,
Grey shoes will go with pretty much any colour. White is also a safe choice for the shoes. I don't usually wear chinos, but I would say go navy or khaki.
Blue, grey, white. 
Sweet, just bought some grey vans.
For chinos the most versatile are khaki, olive, and navy.
For the pants or shoes? If you mean the chinos would blue be this kinda blue . ?
he meant the shoes m80, for chinos just get navy, olive, and khaki, they're the most versatile colors for chinos
Ohh haha thanks. I think I'll get a grey pair of sneakers as you adviced. Do you think white chinos would look good with it or a blue pair of converse that I already have? 
uh white chinos arent exactly the first color id go to for chinos, but i would probably choose the blue converses i guess.
Ohh would any other colour besides khaki be versatile? Cos I already have a pair of khakis haha. Thanks again dude
navy and olive bruh said it a few comments up, but depending on the shade of the blue, olive is probably your safest bet
Oops sorry bout that. I meant besides olive, navy and khaki what other colors should I get? Thanks
depends on the season, for summer nantucket red can be a nice color if you're a bit preppier, for winter burgundy can be a good look. all depends on the season and what fits your personal style
any combination of shoes and pants in those colours (as long as they're not both the same) will look fine.  Grey and white are safer picks for the sneakers though.
Yes.  It would be easier to tell you if you're doing it right or wrong if you posted a fit pic..You're 2 inches shorter than them, I doubt it's your height that makes a difference if you feel goofy.
Of course short guys can pull off trousers. I'm 5'7" and I wear chinos almost every day. Dockers Alphas are great, as they come in 28" inseams, but mine are pretty snug (read: almost skin tight when I sit down) in the thigh, so if you've got larger legs you may want to opt for something else
You are 5'8 which isn't really short, it's more average than short, wear whatever you want. Of course, people would say that wearing colorful chinos brings the attention to your legs, thus leading people to look down ands making you appear shorter, but seriously, if the whole outfit is great, nobody is going to give a fuck
5'1.5" here. Buy trousers that fit around your waist and makes your legs look good then hem accordingly. If you feel shorter then it may be your confidence in the clothes. 
common projects run a size large, you will fit eu46s fine.source: us12 with eu45 rafs (same sole)
Not less expensive but . has an alternative. are similar but made of a different material.
Levis 510, jeans especially, should fit similarly. .I have a pair of those Dickies. I was shocked at how skinny they were. I've seen them for ridiculously cheap on Amazon..By the way you can remove the Dickies logo pretty easily with a seam ripper or exacto knife (just cut the stitching out). 
I used to wear these for work (Walmart, stocking dairy), and they were a pretty decent pair of pants for that purpose at that price. I took the label off every pair I had, because I just hated it. 
Persol, maybe ?
That seems way off from the Persol logo.
 but I don't really think it's what you're looking for. Maybe with a bit more detail we could put our google skills to work.
I've been googling all night too, what kind of details are you looking for?
No dice unfortunately, . is close but too rounded and the arms are wrong :(.
-. . Awesome artist from the 80's.Once he started making money, he bought Armani suits and painted in them and didnt treat them like most people would, idk why but I love that idea. Unfortunately I am not a millionaire like he was.
Commenting to save

Why is "MFA edition" in the title ? 
i think it's typically posted in ., could be the first time here. not sure though.
That was why for the first time, but I just haven't changed it, idk.
concentration camp steeze 

Yeah that picture was really great
Reminds me of the guy from hackers
Nikon, can I crash at your place tonight?
 
I don't even..
 - some cool color blocking in this collection


. I don't remember where I found this. Styleforum, probably. I don't really have any intentions of dressing like this but for some reason I keep going back to it in my inspiration album, especially lately. 
Probably because his silhouette is ridiculous(ly awesome)..His proportions (V shape, length) convey power/strength and the fact that you can't see his face makes the image more impactful and him more of an imposing figure. 
For sure. I agree on the silhouette part, which is also where I don't intend to dress like. I guess. Not sure if that makes sense. Trying to somewhat take inspiration from the style, but without the silhouette. It's, as said, awesome, but it isn't quite for me. 
I want to dress like that sometimes but I don't know where to start. .edit: fuck i started looking more into this and now i want some Gyakusou. 
user on styleforum, the-arm
Yeah that's what I thought, thanks. 
Commenting to save 

jacket is a beaut.  Would love a long shirt but most of my shirts skew long regardless so it would probably come down to my knees lol

I think thats . coat. Awesome coat.
I love that S.E.H Kelly coat, and all of the details on their product pages are cool. While looking for the picture I posted I also stumbled on impressive 
I know, I have it bookmarked. Just love the aura about it, and I hope I have that same aura when I develop the salt and pepper.
I want that aura now and I'm 22.
Same, I'm just not sure I can do it at 20.
I can't stop grinning. I do enjoy their website a lot.
When I read "old man steeze," I expected this guy.
Santa models in the off season?
I really like . from an older Barena lookbook, though I'd probably go with different shoes. I keep looking at their variations on that sweater and want it so bad, I love seeing how they use it in different outfits. .Alos have major crush on the 
Completely agree about the first one. Boots, swap in boots, mmmhmmmm
Do you think the jacket in the first one would look better with slightly longer sleeves? I think the length of the shirt sleeves compared to the jacket is throwing it off a little bit.
I actually kind of like that, know it's not everyone's speed, but the sweater sleeves poking out looks pretty cool to me. It's clearly a design choice of the jacket to have slightly shorter sleeves, not improper sizing or anything. 
Is that a linen coat? What would you even call it? Also... I want it.
I don't believe the coat is linen, no, only the sweater. 
Pretty sure it's from their S/S, which may be why they'd avoid boots, but I totally agree boots would look amazing here. Even with some adjustments I think derbies could go very well, the sweater underneath is actually linen, so the fit is a bit lighter than it appears. Love this brands stuff though, gotta get my hands on it ASAP. 
Ahh, derbies sockless would be good then with linen as the jacket also looks light as well..Good early fall look with some unlined boots and some tucked wool socks..Agreed, never heard of them until now, sooooo thanks for the heads up mippi
My thoughts exactly! It's a perfect fit for the transition of seasons, and switching the derbies and boots depending would be good. They're a cool brand for sure, been geeking out about them since I found them a couple weeks ago.
Oh! I also forget there is a ., now that'd look nice paired with sock less derbies. I've been really attracted to sock less derbies of late anyways haha

Isn't that mellowfellow?
that's definitely it, i couldn't remember dude's name. mellowfellow for #2 and #3
no. 2 is definitely
Nice outfits. Tshirt in the second picture looks amazing 
Do you know which one it is?
Really diggin that white graphic tshirt in the second pic
These are properly cool
1 is from 
Wow, thanks! This guy has such an awesome, cohesive aesthetic. Definitely gonna make sure to follow that blog.
I've also seen the first guy around before, he's got some sweet stuff, no idea on his name.
Are relaxed fitting pants in?
sure
if you can make it work

Id like to see some mainstream stuff influenced by these designs.
i picked this look because i'm all about simplification and understatement -- this look is three well put together items that compliment each other. it may be interpreted as 'safe' or 'boring' but i think it conveys the beauty in the basics.
I really love the drop waist silhouette, not to mention so few people can pull it off. This is one of the instances where a mini skirt with a lot of pleats and a lot of leg works. Just wish she was wearing a nude bra, would add to the minimalist look.
I think the waist is making her look somewhat androgynous. 
Ugh, that looks so good on so many levels.
you always understate your inspo pics.  It's a weird habit.  
what do you mean by 'understate'?
it's always ". really like this but I don't think you guys will" or "you guys will think this is boring but...", and then most if not all of the people commenting seem to like them.  
i'd like to think i have a good sense of style, so thanks (i think). i don't think that i have directly said any of those things you are quoting -- personally, i do enjoy a lot understatement which is usually thought of a safe or boring. it isn't meant to . what i am posting, rather to reflect on . it is i am posting.
ah yes the short skirt androgyny look

second fit reminds me so much of a fashionable seal team 6 member.
shit the new dries drop is cool, I've recently started to really like him 
Third pic reminds me of some of the outfits in Bride's Story, a historical fiction manga set in central asia.  The artists draws amazing detail into all the clothes, jewelry, and environments in it.  
Is that dude wearing a quilt in the third picture
Yeah.Embroidered, padded, quilted wool.So pretty
so dope its like english 16th century
I'd wear it
Totally. Absolutely in love with what I've seen of this collection so far.
hehe i knew you'd be on the historical accuracy tip. i considered saying something really crazy so that your head would explode. "i love how the chainmail works here. it reminds me of the War of 1812"
Man your style is like blanket-core to start with.

Why are you so much sweatier than everyone else
I think that idea is spot on.
Go for it.
I used to have the exact same problem as you, as I hve extremely thick and course hair. I fixed it by showering at night and using a thick pomade (murrays). Also only shampoo your hair every few days and condition it almost every day.
I have the same problem. Until I can find a better solution, I "fix it" by wearing a hat for about a half hour after I get out of the shower and I've dried my hair. If I wanna put product in it, I'll just use a water spray bottle and then use . more on the sides where it poofs up.
Get a haircut that's super short on the sides and back. leave it for the top. .
.Not telling you to get exactly that, but you gotta work with what you got. Asian hair sucks. Only way to fix is either perms or you cut it. 
It also helps if you skip between shampooing (eg every other day, every 2-3 days, etc)..Use a heavier product like wax or pomade, but never gel.
Asian hair?.Wearing a hat/hood is probably the easy way to fix it. Otherwise, I would try and grow your hair out. If it's thick, it wouldn't sit down flat.
Hey, Feetlot creator here. I tried writing to mods, saying that probably it will be a good idea to put a link into the sidebar, but to no avail...
 
 is probably what you're looking for
Well, thank you very much for a truly useful website! 
Yes, this was definitely one of the sites I used! I think there should be at least another one out there I've checked out that had a slightly different layout (and possibly different/additional shoes for comparison).
How about a pair of suede bucks? They wouldn't be pretentious to wear as a student, and are casual enough that you could wear them outside of school if you wanted.
Either one should be useful: 
Also, would be nice if I could find something that's no more than $60.
you could look into a pair of . for a casual look.if you're interested in an investment you could save up for a pair of black dress boots..just remember that if the quality is good, a pair of leather shoes can be as comfortable as a pair of crocs, or trainers.
I would get a dress shoe of some sort just because you will never wear any of the shoes others have suggested outside of school, so why not buy a pair that work in other situations? .To clarify: black sperrys look like shit.
That is a Rick Owens denim jacket, don't try to turn it in to a vest. Sell it. If you cut the sleeves off you are defeating the purpose of the garment.
pls don't
Isn't that kinda expensive? Sell, buy vest, pocket rest ...> profit
Jesus christ, please don't. You can give it to me. 
I'd take it to a tailor/seamstress or tailoring student  and ask them how to do it and then how much to do it and if it seems reasonable pay them!
Only do this if a) it's a Levis jacket, b) you ride, and c) you want to be mistaken for a two percenter.
Eh. I don't think it'll work. .Levi's claims that all they did to make their trucker vests was cut the sleeves off their trucker jackets, but owning both, I think it's a little bit more complicated than that. You'd be better off just buying a trucker vest. 
Why not just sell it and size up?.Otherwise you can use a seam ripper to pick the stitches, then get some binding and sew along it to prevent it from fraying.  You can also use seam tape like Zam Barrett and CCP to reinforce it..Also because of the wedge he uses to drop the armhole, you'll have to trim some of it otherwise it will stick out.  so draft a pattern of what you're going to trim off so they'll be symmetrical.
You sound like a chastising parent. It's mine to do whatever I want with, and I don't think there's anything wrong with personalizing a garment..
I don't want to let it go just yet so I'm reviewing all my options first.
lol how is it "defeating the purpose of the garment"
the armholes are cut in a very specific way, which is exactly why he's having trouble turning it in to a sleeveless denim jacket.. one of the points of RO jackets is the fitted, extra long sleeves.
w2c tailoring student?
I'm thinking they  teach sewing in high school or fashion design in college.
Thanks for the solid advice; I've just been looking for this specific jacket for a really long time I think it'd be very hard to find again in a medium (or even a large).
I just looked at my jacket (I have the same one), and you should pull the sleeve until the armpit lies flat, the draw a smooth line from the back armscye to the edge of the edge of the torso.  Here's a quick diagram: 
To me this comes off as you buying it on the styleforum marketplace, and then trying to salvage the pieces when it ends up not fitting you.
And what's wrong with that?
It just seems kind of desperate. Like the only reason you're keeping the piece is because it's Rick Owens, but it .This is not even one of Rick's more stylized pieces- this is pretty toned down. One of the main features of it is probably extra long sleeves that fit slim. But it just doesn't fit you. There's very little reason for you to keep it- another black denim jacket would serve this purpose just as well, only you wouldn't be wasting as much money on a frankenstein of a designer piece that you had to cut up with scissors for it to fit you.
only wear boat shoes if you are geriatric and on a boat
That seems like a pretty analogous rule.
also don't wear peacoats unless you're in the navy. or iron rangers unless you're a miner from the early 20th century
Wait. You're going to cut up an RO garment? Sell that shit and cop something that fits.
Don't do it. It can look extremely tacky.
so can nantucket/salmon chinos and loafers
Cut the sleeves off
What are you, some kind of bespoke tailor??
He wizards good.
Any low, casual shoe works. Higher and more dressy shoes look weird with shorts.
I'm not sure the idea is very popular with mfa, but I wear a pair of . in a taupe soft leather with shorts frequently (sockless), and I like the look. The low profile really works with shorts, for me. They can be kinda hard to find shipped to the US, but they're usually on sale if you do find them..
Edit: I found . shippable to the US, though the suede ones would do well, too.
Vans, Chucks, JP, CP, W+H to just name a few sneakers that are viable choices with shorts.
Try some driving mocs or bluchers. Both look and feel great sockless. 
Dark blue jeans work perfect with all black sneakers. Thats just my opinion. 
In my opinion, all-black sneakers tend to look better with very monochromatic outfits. I could imagine wearing these with black jeans and a gray shirt, but not with blue jeans and definitely not with khaki chinos.
Jeez massive cringe for me, I've gone for months with wearing them with dark blue jeans, and maybe 15 days total of wearing them with the khaki chinos. What kind of sneakers should I wear with dark blue jeans? What kind of footwear with khaki chinos? I'm clearly clueless.  
white/grey sneakers work best, or depending on budget you could get something really cool like 
Generally you want to wear a brown color with navy or dark blue pants. Sonething lighter to give contrast to the outfit.  I  would recommend brown Clark's  brown leather chukkas or something similar for regular jeans. 
Eh, don't cringe too hard. I'm just being picky. .The problem with dark blue jeans and black sneakers is the lack of contrast. Look at .. From a distance, it's hard to tell where his pants end and his shoes begin. Generally, it's not a great look. Thankfully, you can add some separation with a cuff like .. I think they're a bit large in that picture, but you get the idea. Personally, I would just wear a different color unless I was going for a very specific look..With khaki, I honestly don't know how it explain it. Traditionally, you're not supposed to mix brown and black, but that's one of those bullshit fashion rules from decades ago. 
Damn I actually like the fact that they look so similar.
Can you elaborate on this some more? You don't recommend dark blue jeans and black sneakers because they lack contrast, but instead suggest black jeans with black sneakers--wouldn't that have even less contrast? I'm not at all trying to bash you or anything; I'm genuinely curious about how to best wear black sneakers.
Good catch. Maybe I should rephraseit's . to make contrasting colors work together. When the colors are closer, you have to pay a lot more attention to other factors to ensure good coordination. .Most blue jeans come with orange or yellow contrast stitching. If you're going with a relatively monochromatic blue/black palette, it's quite jarring. Most black jeans are black, but that doesn't mean that all black jeans work well with all black sneakers. For the specific sneakers linked by OP, I think they work because they're leather (or fake leather). Black canvas sneakers would probably look pretty bad. White sneakers, in either canvas or leather, are much easier to work into outfits with blue or black jeans.
Ah, I see. I never considered how the material of the sneakers would affect the outfit. 
Vintage Ralph Lauren.
Thanks, was it the flag?
It's just that it's a fairly sought after classic RL piece. Very pricey. 
Googled up some similar ralph lauren stuff, you weren't kidding lol..But thanks once again!
Read the sidebar MFA loves biz cas and our sidebar reflects that.  What sort of formality are you dealing with in your work environment? What do people typically dress like?  Right away knowing your losing weight I would suggest getting a nice pair of Allen Edmond Strands in Walnut, they are expensive, but can be had for less on Ebay and will hold up for a good number of years depending on how you take care of them.  Eventually you will want a second pair of shoes to rotate with so you can give your shoes a day break between wears.  Also your foot typically doesn't change size when you are losing weight so you can wear them when you have reached your goal.
Right now I work in sales and the standard is black dress pants, black shoes, and a black button down. I usually go with the same. I usually hit up my nearest Tip Top Tailer or The Bay (I'm Canadian.) I can usually find decent deals on my clothes which makes it easy on a students wage. I usually do a polo or high v neck long sleeve with dark wash jeans and my Converse All Stars. That's as casual as I usually get aside from doing a graphic t under a cardigan. 
I guess I should have added that my go to accessories are a flat cap, Bulova precisionist 96D110, and various scarves in the winter. I do wear glasses as well if that matters at all. Paul Frank thicker black frames. 
Ok, I'm assuming this isn't your end all be all of jobs.  For right now if you have a uniform make sure it all fits and I would get Allen Edmond Park aves in black instead of strands, you can work them into your work clothes and they are great with a suit.
Yeah, I'm looking at getting into either IT or computer programming. Both office based, both fairly business oriented in dress. Hence the need for a professional wardrobe. 
Ok, business casual sounds like what your going for then.  Sidebar should be great for you.
I want to say Brooks Brothers carries something very similar.
 has . or . styles like this in the form oxfords/brogues, the only boot version I can find is the .:
That Exmoor is great!
Don't do it. If they haven't cut the price significantly since the last time I looked at them, it's too much money to spend on a pair of boots that you'll think are ridiculous in a year.
Do you know of any less expensive alternatives?
I remember seeing a lot of cheaper boots and shoes like that in lower end stores a winter or two ago. I don't know where you'd find them now.
On the upper end, . has lots of options for you but they're all either $350 or $400.
One-up on the J. Crew, Ludlow, look for something cotton. I have one of them in tan, and I really like it. 
If you have a J. Crew nearby I'd recommend looking there. The sales associates should be able to find you a pretty nicely fitting jacket and all of their jackets online are under your budget.
I've got a sky blue blazer by Louis Feraud, in a thin corduroy... Got it for 60 from TKMaxx with the original price of 300something.
UNIQLO has a promotion going on for $30 navy blazer.
Mens Wearhouse stocks some nice stuff, not your normal MFA shopping location but worth a look for blazers/coats 
Here you go, keep in mind this is a linen-cotton blend:.  .Somebody posted a fit of this the other day in the front page of MFA, so you can ask him.
How formal?
That what I got from uniqlo; might need to get the sleeves shorten and the sides pulled in for a slimmer fit for my skinny ass.
Why not navy? Black suits are for funerals. There's a reason Brooks doesn't sell black suits for boys.
because the bride said black, he's going to have a role in the ceremony.
first, why does his suit need to be black? black is one of the least versatile suit colors. Second, he is going to grow out of it in a year, 2 at most. Third, absolutely nobody cares what a 10 year old is wearing. If his suit is from macy's rather than brooks brothers and fits ok, he won't even get a second glance. If you're determined to spend the money, buy him some books or some legos, or at least something he will actually enjoy.
Wedding.  Must be black and nice. 
whats your price range? otherwise brooks brothers
Was thinking Brooks, but wanted to get other ideas.
I'm pretty sure if a 10 year old . a suit then the situation is formal enough that black is fine. 
also, it turns out Brooks doesn't sell black suits for boys.  Argghh.
ok whats your price range then?
I guess up to $350
try j. crew i guess
Don't they rent for stuff like this? Especially if it might only be worn once.. 
im just giving him recommendations, you're probably right, but if he wants a suit
Yep. I know. I just piggybacked your comment for visibility 
ah ok, whatever works
I would offer some shipping to you from here but the shipping prices in hungary are just insanely expensive. 
These are kind of similar. Not sure about quality though. 

Did you see the shoe guide in the sidebar?.I work in an office. Here's my office shoe rotation:.You can probably also get away with CDBs. If your office has casual Friday, boat shoes and plimsolls might be allowed.
A pair of Allen Edmonds strands in walnut and mcclalisters in burgundy or dark brown
how about a pair of red wing beckman boots, wolverine 1k boots. AE Dalton boots.
Perhaps something like these:
Get a navy blazer a couple more chinos in grey, and olive and extra slim fits from BB, I think brown would be more versatile for the Quoddys.
I agree with the others. Remember there are other warbyparker-like sites out there too! 
They are too heavy for your face, and block it out too much/aren't flattering (don't worry, it takes me a few to find the right ones). I would consider something more like these for your structure/eyes: .This style, perhaps, or something with an invisible bottom. And consider growing the top of your hair just a big, and sidesweep. That with the glasses, viola! I hope you find a pair you love!
Both glasses don't complement your facial structure. The frames are too bold and wide for your face. I would recommend finding frames that are sharper and less eye-catching.
I think the linwoods are the better option. I talking with my girlfriend and the feeling was mutual between us, definitely go with the linwoods in striped chestnut. The wiloghbys make you look almost a little reptilian if you can get what i'm saying. This may be a little late for you to use I hope you haven't shipped them back to France or wherever already, so i hope i spit this out in time.  
I think they are both too wide for your face.
agreed.
step one: read how clothes should fit .step two: what does this dude wear? surprise there's what you should get
Hey man, it seems like you're really set on buying from Target for the sale that they're running. Let's step back a bit and go over some ideas of what you're looking for exactly..First, shirts:.You linked a crewneck tee, and I'm assuming you're trying to stock up on some basic shirts. Mossimo is a favorite on MFA/FMF for their . shirts, which fit tall guys really well. They're a great basic shirt, and the ones you linked are the "correct" shirts..Now Shorts:.For target, the more recommended shorts are the . brand. I believe they come in an 11 inch inseam. I have a very similar build to you (6'3'' 185), and I found them too long for my comfort. They would probably hit at the knee for you, so they're a decent choice..If you're set on ordering tonight from Target, then go ahead. However, I'd like to give some advice:.First off, sales like this exist to make you buy impulsively. If you are unable to try the shorts on, consider the idea that they simply won't fit you. Same as the shirts. Mossimo's shirts are great for really tall people, but I actually find them a bit too long for my liking (again, I'm 6'3''). I wear a Medium in Mossimo..I also bet you'd spend at least $50 to get that free shipping. Not bad for several basic items, but you could take that money somewhere else..You're looking for some flat front chino/twill shorts, and some V-Neck/Crewneck shirts. Nothing fancy. Places like H&M, Uniqlo, JCPenny's, Old Navy/Gap/Banana Republic, JCrew/JCrew Factory, and more all stock good fits at similar/better prices than Target. So, I HIGHLY suggest trying before buying. Especially buying impulsively..For starters, I'd check out JCPenny's for their .. You can get them in-store for $14 right now, and they have coupons all the time for x% off. As I said, I have a similar build to you and the JCP shorts fit me better than any shorts I've ever tried on. Seriously..Also consider swinging by Banana Republic or JCrew for their shirts. They're pricier at ~$18 a shirt, but they're hella comfy and come in a better selection of colors than the Mossimos you linked..Try before you buy. Target does have an excellent return policy, if you're near a store. You can go ahead and buy (do whatever you want, it's your money ffs) and have the option to return. But try to be stubborn and get clothes that fit you well.
Man, I wish the target shirts fit me. Small is too tight in the shoulders, medium is too loose/long but fits shoulders.
I have a bunch of the Mossimo v-necks and crew necks, from what I can tell they are all the same.   I also have some Merona tees that I went a size down on that fit the same as the Mossimo one size larger.  Not sure if that's the case anymore though, mine are a couple years old now.  I would stick to crew necks unless you are muscular.  Shorts are gonna be up to you, I don't own any of them.  I would think about just buying chinos instead though if your on a budget and looking for the most versatility..Target should have a pretty straight forward return policy if you don't like something.  Might be able to return in store.
How r u 185 n 6'3. Dyel
k
Solid advice man. Oh, and I too am from Nor-Cal.
First pic
ones in first pic
How nice is dress code? Suit or more casual maybe something like this? . 
Suspenders or a waistcoat/vest, large fedora with a thick band or a golf cap, slicked hair, stick with browns, blacks, grays and whites.  Something like a white collared shirt and black best with charcoal trousers rolled at the knees with tall socks and some derby shoes and a golf cap.
The biggest question should be, have they walked 500 miles? And if so, would they walk 500 more?
I'd spend a little more and get factory seconds, which are new with small defects.
Well, couple comments: .One, these are seconds. He states (and my quick browse of the photos doesn't think he's lying) that the reason for the seconds is the splotch on the right toe. That said, there might be more 'wrong' with them, we don't know. .Two, no, nothing inherently wrong with buying used shoes. .Three, I'm curious why he bought shoes then so quickly decided to resell them. Looking at the wear on the sole, they're very new. With firsts it might not bother me, but quickly reselling seconds might make me a little nervous. .Having said that: All in all, if as advertised, great deal. .EDIT: REALLLLY hard to see, but is that some possible heel separation? It's very hard to tell in the one photo of the heels, and the fact there aren't side shots of both boots on both sides doesn't make me less worried. I'd ask to see. .EDIT 2: Looking at the 4th and 5th photos in the album, it definitely looks like there's some heel separation (or at least misalignment) going on (right side, left boot.)
I did notice those as well, and I'm thinking it may be the better option. Have you bought second's before? If so, any comments/things to be aware of?
I suggested them because I literally ordered a brown pair last week. There was a small blemish on the right side of the right boot. Otherwise, they're perfect..Also, they come in a plain white box not a Wolverine-branded box.
I agree on the point about how quick he is to resell them, and pictures can only show so much..Though it seems like Sierra Trading Post has more pairs for sale at $228 per pair, plus and additional 30% off on orders over 100, which comes to about $150/$160 ish? It makes me wonder if maybe I should just order from them instead..EDIT: Ah, looks like the discount won't apply to the Wolverines, made clear under their "exceptions" list.
If you're comfortable with seconds, I'd go that route. .Also, feel like I should point out that on the 19th, Nordstrom is going to have the Red Wing Beckmans for $199. I personally like the 1Ks more (fantastic looking boots, and I also like the leather sole) but I'm just mentioning it. Those are 1sts. Also, make sure you see my Edits on my post, since I doubt you'll get notifications on them. 
This made me really sad to read. I just bought a pair of Beckmans from Amazon. I had a 20% off coupon, so they were $256, but it'd have been nice to save another 55...
Still in the return period? If not, well, hey, you could've been the majority of people who pay normal price for them. :P 
I actually just ordered them about four hours ago... I may have to see about canceling my order. I felt so great about getting them for $80 off, I didn't think I could possibly find a better deal...
Yeah, you can definitely cancel or return. .Only point of caveat is they are probably gonna sell out really quickly on Nords. Buy fast. 
Good point. I may just stick with what I have, to be safe, because most likely I'll end up getting around to it late. I guess I'll be happy I saved almost eighty dollars, and leave the other savings to people who will jump on them quickly.
Below are instructions on how to access the sale without a card:.Go to: .
Click on Start Now.Create a nordstrom.com account (if you already have one you want to go the "enter info" part for nordstrom card info). Enter all information on the first page (First Name, Email, Confirm Email, etc).Click on "Create an Account" and it should take you to the "Enter Info" Page. .Enter 4643 as the last 4 digits of card
Enter nordhouse as the last name
Enter 80111 as the zip code.here's the workaround of getting in the early sale at Nordy; That is how i got the beckman early for $200 before it goes on sale to the general public.  I got the Iron Ranger, wolverine 1k reg and addison (both are seconds from STP), and now the beckman coming soon from Nordy; make sure to get some shoes tree from nordy racks for your boots.
thanks for that. i just bought some strands
The Beckman's are really nice too. They are rubber sole, but maybe I can just swallow my pride and save a couple bucks, and probably end up with a more multi-purpose boot too. .Just read the edits. I think you're right about the heel separation, good eye. I guess I'll avoid the ebay ones then. Thanks!
Glad I could help! :) .I actually have the same thoughts on the rubber sole as you, I think. I love the aesthetic qualities of the leather sole, but damn it, I live in the PacNW. Even if I didn't live in an occasionally wet area, the thought of spending in the range of $300 for workwear boots I can't wear in the rain is a little... disconcerting. I often choose aesthetics over pure practicality, but that one IS a pretty big pill to swallow. .The Backmans are . I can't imagine a situation where the 1Ks would work and the Becks wouldn't. .Either way, good luck, and glad to be of help. :) 
It definitely sounds like a great alternative. The box really doesn't matter to me. I still have to think it over, just because it's a big purchase on my budget, even at 220ish, but I think it'll be worth it. Thanks!!
Sorry, I forgot to mention that Wolverine products are excluded from any promotions.
You could try either the 505 or 504. They're the straight fit jeans. There's also the 508. If you get those in a larger waist size there might be enough room in the thighs. After the knee the 508 tapers. 
So I think what you want is a higher rise, look at STF 501's might work.
In Japan I find so many strange things to wear, but I put it all together to make it look more western. I love breathable shorts, though what I wear underneath tends to show through. I always wear sleeves because sleeveless just reminds me of "bro tank" and that just sticks in my mind all day.
Tank tops are fine, just be at least sorta in shape. Buttondowns w/ rolled up sleeves are good if it's not too hot. You should have at least a few basic mall stores like J Crew, Club Monaco, Urban Outfitters (or at least the equivalent in Canada if Canada doesn't have them, idk). 
if you're gonna wear a tank, make sure you have at least some sort of shape in the shoulders/arms. Also since you're Canadian like me a good place to start out would be H&M (in store), Gap/Banana Republic (in store and online). .get some khaki shorts from Gap and some oxford shirts in white, blue. The most important thing about the oxford shirts is the fit. Shorts should fit nicely and hit just above the knee. I suggest you check out the sidebar for some more 
also, some simple canvas sneakers/plimsolls should work fine, but if you want to up your style, go for a simple boat shoe. . are a popular spring/summer type shoe 
cargos are called so . of those pockets, you want "chino shorts".  
Grease!
Haha. Or any action movies. I like to pick up styles from movies if they really catch my eye. Have you tried that?.Edit: leather jackets are fine. In Japan they're still in, well, in Japan everything is "in".
But I look great in it. I use my red leather jacket when I have blue button up and khaki slacks.
Look at the strokes, usually one of them are rocking leather
It all depends on what you want. Do you want a "tough" looking jacket? Go with big lapels. Do you like minimal designs? Check Rick Owens' jackets. Give us a general direction.
Not looking for tough, looking for more of a stylish slim fit outerwear that happens to made of leather.  So I want styles that make that look work.  Kind of . but not cheap Chinese fake leather, and not . skinny.
nice style.
take a look at ToJ styles
 for hundreds and hundreds of pictures
I'm not too familiar with the style. It looks like its a lot of work shirts/boots and denim. I think Levi's would be a good place to start (they may have some made in the USA stuff fall into your price range from time to time, too). .Sorry I can't offer more suggestions...but I would say to open up either your price range or made in the USA preference...finding US made stuff at that price won't be impossible, perhaps not even hard, but you're not gonna have a lot of selection
I don't know how much of a help it is, but I threw together a few tumblr's I follow (arrogantly, including my own) along the lines of what you're looking for aesthetically. ., .,., ., ., ., and . are some good ones IMO.
this guy knows what's up with Americana/workwear
Was gonna suggest this. Dude's built on simplicity and quality.
Levi's is a good option. Either a trucker jacket or a nice leather one (not double rider style) would serve this aesthetic well. Canvas duck pants give off a workwear feel, or anything that looks a little more rugged than plain chinos. I think the ideal outfit for this sort of thing would be a denim jacket, a chambray shirt, some "rugged" pants in either olive green or darker khaki (think camel color), and some workwear-inspired boots such as Red Wing Beckmans or Iron Rangers. .The key is things with a lot of texture like chambray, canvas, and denim, coupled with some nice looking boots. Facial hair doesn't hurt either. Also check out Pointer and Carhartt coats.
And henleys for days
what about nights?
haha henleys every day i meant
the problem with this aesthetic is that there isn't very many cheap options because most designers espouse ideals of having high quality handcrafted stuff, made in the U.S. or Japan that will last a long time. For cheaper options you have levi's, which in my opinion doesn't really fit this aesthetic well, the clothing in your price range is not made in the U.S. and their mall clothing is pretty inconsistent in terms of quality. You have . which makes fairly cheap stuff that is made in the U.S. some of their designs aren't the greatest, especially their jeans (from pictures i've seen). Be sure look for sizing because most of their stuff runs large. It is all made in the U.S. Beyond that i can't really think of anything cheap that you can get new. Fortunately most garments are very tough and wear well so buying used is a very viable option. Browse places like ., . etc. You can usually find some pieces that have never been worn for over 50% off of their original price. The market is just saturated with never/slightly used raw denim, you can get some really nice stuff for under $100. Engineered Garments shirts can go anywhere from $70- 150 depending on the original price and use. they are high quality garments that will hold their value if you want to resell. look for chambray and denim shirts, reproduction style dress shirts look good as well. A denim jacket is a must, levi's trucker jacket gets thrown around a lot, but don't limit yourself to it. There are numerous other brands that you can find used, it's just a matter of finding something you like and that looks nice. levi's vintage clothing regularly sells for pretty cheap unused. i really like a couple pieces, but overall i just have a difficult time liking the brand. look for some heavier chinos, or duck canvas jeans. They look great and really go well with the aesthetic. Outwear is pretty important to this aesthetic, look for chore coats, denim jackets, some utilitarian type blazers, parkas. I like . and mfa kinda had a thing with it after . posted a fit of him wearing it. It's a nice alternative to the denim jackets, still looks utilitarian and rough. It's meant to be worked in.   there's a lot of cool pieces you can find and think that this is where a lot of designers have fun with their garments. These won't be as cheap as shirts or pants (some pants that is), but my recommendation is to just troll through buy/sell/trade threads until you find some nice pieces at a good price point. You could probably spend a week just looking through all the various chambray and denim shirts, and there are a lot of nice ones out there. But it's not rocket science, when you see something you like cop it, same with jeans. Although i feel like there's a lot more depth to finding the perfect pair then there is to chambray shirts. For shoes you'll want be looking at some work boots. Depending on your budget you can get good boots anywhere from $150 (thorogood) to $500 plus (white's, viberg kinda). For a cheap moc toe i would go with ., i don't really like their round toe boots so i would step up and get some .. You might want to consider getting a ., they are a good workwear shoe for summer and look really good if pulled off correctly. They aren't a must, but they are something you can wear with shorts. another more summer shoe that goes well with this aesthetic is some classic styled sneakers like new balance. The guy over at . really exemplifies how sneakers can be incorporated into a fit. if you want some higher quality boots i've heard good things about ., ., and .. Oak street and New England Outerwear are definitely more classic styles, where yuketen puts a cool twist on classic designs (a lot of native north and south american inspiration). If you want really high quality check out ., they are made in my home town and most of the stuff they do for fashion type stuff is all custom. You will find stores that stock white's customs made for their store, or you can do it yourself.  I just have a pair of plain soft toe smoke jumpers for work and they are great, they will probably last me 15-20 years. You can really do anything with them, check out ...Brands to look out for when looking at B/S/T threads: Engineer Garments (EG), Wolf vs Goat (wvg, some stuff fits the aesthetic), The west is dead, The Real McCoy's and their sub brands Joe McCoy and Buco, Levi's Vintage Clothing (LVC), Gitman Vintage, Woolrich Woolen Mills (WWM), Post Overalls (Post O'alls). This is just a small example of clothing brands that fit this aesthetic, there are really too many to list. As denim goes i can't even begin to sort through the lists of denim brands out there that may or may not fit the aesthetic, ones that are good brands, ones that aren't, one's who do mostly repro styles and those who do modern cuts. Just see what's out there. As i mentioned before, . is a great resource for seeing this aesthetic, a good place to find new brands is .. They do these outfits where they post all the pieces and then where to buy them, and i don't think that they're really the greatest. But for discovering new brands and new offerings they're a great resource. If you want some reading material to hit up check out inventory magazine, they're based in canada. they do some lifestyle pieces as well as fashion stuff, check out . if you don't want to pay excessive shipping rates. I also know that kinfolk does some stuff related more to the overall lifestyle and ideals espoused with this aesthetic and is all lifestyle articles. Free and Easy is a Japanese publication that follows this culture and fashion as well. .to conclude this text wall, this shit ain't cheap. it's made by small factories, sometimes entire pieces by a single person, using high quality materials and vintage techniques (a note on this: single, double and triple needle all refer to you guessed it, the number needles on the machine used. Single needle means that they do one stitch at a time, it indicates that it took more work to produce the garment and sew on details like top stitching.  double and triple needle means that two - three stitches are being done at the same time, i believe that these garments will be stronger and more uniform, they will also all have 2-3 rows of top stitching on everything). Vintage techniques usually means that the workers are using inefficient vintage machinery. This makes for sometime prohibitively expensive items, but you must understand that these are not items that you will throw away next season. these are items that last 3, 5, maybe 10 years depending on how much use and the type of care they get. The are an investment, you really have to sleep on whether or not you should buy that item, you have to think is it some passing interest or will i still want to year in a couple years. Another advantage to their durability and construction is that they mostly have great resell value, especially well known brands like engineered garments. Most times they will bottom out at around $70 dollars, but that is pretty worn clothing. you see stuff being sold and resold for the same price each sell. You aren't making money but it's not like you're selling a $250 jacket for $50. If you are on a budget for buying these items definitely look at used clothing, most stuff is barley used before it's sold again.       
Thank for this great introduction.  I'm trying to move to this style and away from the more formal and dressier look that is more common around here.  My work as well as hobbies are mostly outdoor oriented so I want to look the part, but still be fashionable.
Good god. I appreciate the effort...but holy shit.
My formatting isn't the greatest. The beginning is kinda of ramblings, but at the end my thoughts become more focused 
From what I read so far, it looks as though you know what you're talking about. I'll keep reading. :)
It is beautiful how one fellow would go so far to help out another fellow in the pursuit of aesthetics
.whoosh
Filson barbour Penfield Patagonia ll bean unionmade jcrew all the great american boot makers alden oak street Rancourt yuketen quoddy Russell moc then leather goods guys tanner hollows corter orion
cool beans
a pair of glasses like this has to be tried on to see if it looks good or not.
Persol and Warby Parker make similar and cheaper sunglasses like that.
I don't like them. At all
That's what I'm thinking.  Warby does a free ship-try on thing, so I'll do that first.
I have a similar pair minus the pointed parts on the frame. Not really feeling the pair you posted 
They look like clubmasters to me
You won't know til you try them on, but they just don't do it for me.
How do you feel about it? You'll be the one wearing it
I like them, I guess I was more so looking for the name of the style so that I could look into cheaper models
The arms are really obnoxious..They also just look like a copy of Persols. Get some originals for roughly the same price.
Fit looks fine, maybe on the short side but I actually like tees cropped a bit short. It's all up to preference. The outfit is fine, not spectacular. The watch looks pretty inoffensive.
Okay, cool. I don't know a lot so I just try to stay bland, but with good fit.
It's not pretentious unless it's shiny as fuck.
Then my dad just became really pretentious.
You can wear the watch. It looks good. If you want it to be more casual, you could check out getting some cloth NATO straps or a brown leather strap depending on how you dress normally..The shirt is fine I guess. I prefer shirts that reach to around mid-zipper. I have a pretty long torso and have had problems with Gap shirts in the past because they're too short. Target Mossimo V Necks are my favorite though, so you should check those out and they're a tad longer.
Thank you for the suggestion. I do usually have problems with fit so this is a big help.
it all looks fine.
The stuff you've shown looks fine to me. You've got cool parents.
Ok, cool. My parents are awkward so they try to leave the nurturing to the money.
I don't see how wearing a watch will make someone look pretentious, especially on a rather plain design such as yours. When you're not wearing a statement piece like a rolex, watches only serve a functional use - to tell time. Since when is knowing the time being pretentious?
Knowing the time isn't pretentious, you're right.
as a watch guy, this is a nice looking watch from a nice brand. timex is known for having a quality, understated look. especially a nice stainless steel case on a leather band like that. but who cares? if you like the way it looks and it tells time, you're happy. .also, hope you're doing well after the surgery, good luck to you
Everyone's parents are awkward. When you're a parent your kids will think you're awkward too.
So my life is metaphorically the simpsons
lol, I mean in high school. It just doesn't fit the scene.
Thank you, I am. :).And, as a watch man, do you think watches can be worn with any outfit like this, or no?
yeah, that's the best part about stainless. it's never ostentatious like gold can be, sometimes. so it'll really fit anything. the leather band is a nice mix between casual and a little more refined. so with any pair of jeans, khakis, even a suit and tie, this will look great
Alright, thanks for the advice man, I really appreciate it. I'm glad it is a versatile watch.
Sidebar is really good for basics particularly with fit, so please read it. The problem is many take its word as god, so think for yourself and if it fits your comfort level and start slow if you're interested in progressing further. 
I've read nearly everything in the sidebar out of boredom, what I retained most was the suit guide. I don't even wear suits, but now I know when someone looks ridiculous.
I was the same way a while ago, I remember having trouble judging casual outfits but knowing instantly when a suit looked sloppy.
At least I know I'm on the right track!
Thanks, man.
Wear the watch, it's not pretentious nor will it loo pretentious.
That's the answer for which I was hoping.
It's only pretentious if you wear it to look cool or distinguished or whatever. If you wear it because you like it and you use it to tell the time it's not pretentious.
Its not exactly a luxury watch, so dont worry about looking pretentious. 
Check this out: .I have it and it looks great in person. Good quality, lot's of lovely detail and looks similar to the Lockwood. RRP is 509$ according to Asos, but they are selling it for 135$. The only downside is that it doesn't have a hood - but I actually was looking for a jacket without one when I bought it.
This is something that's little known, but most of Penfield's offerings are not water-proof. They are water resistant. This means that they'll withstand a shower, but if you get caught in some actual rain, you will get wet.
Yeah, that's because true water-proof garments are uncomfortable as hell.
Well it's just some input, especially considering he's looking for all-weather, all-season.
This . looks almost perfect (+ fleece lining and side pockets!), but I can't find it for sale anywhere. :(
. Check out Unbranded.
Perhaps 
I'm the same size and height. The only jeans I can find that fit are higher end denim/raws. It's more expensive, but generally the clothes are of higher quality and last longer anyways, so I personally think they're worth it. 
have you tried ebay,
pre-owned pants are fine, jut look at the pics.
there is a lot of those sizes and a range of styles.
Most smaller denim companies only have one inseam length, and it's usually 34 or 35. I know that Naked and Famous, for example, has a 35 inseam no matter what the waist is. There are lots of brands out there, and you could find something on sale to bring the price down a bit. 
Thanks, those look good and they're fairly cheap!
Land's End has a decent assortment of tailored fit chinos and trousers. Pick the waste size and they will hem them to your desired length for free. 
My problem with Land's End is that they only have one pair of pants with a 29 inch waist
Can I see your hair?
I can post a pic later. Probably when I get home from work. 
 might help
I read that, and I'm thinking about getting mousse. Still, I'm skiddish. I'm very paranoid about putting anything in my hair. 
Mousse is awesome for holdig your hair but it'll leave it crispy and inflexible. I'd try some styling creams (Jack Black is a brand that makes a decent one) because they will often still leave your hair flexible and moisturized if it's a good quality one. If you need even more hold, try things like fiber putties. American Crew Fiber is a popular recommendation and what I use - great hold, hair stays fleixble, and I don't feel like it dries out my hair.
Thanks, I'll take that into consideration. My hair is really soft, and I'd like to keep it that way if I can. 
yea i understand that. cant say im too knowledgeable about hair products though, so if you want to wait till the simple questions thread tomorrow you might get more help
I put mousse on when my hair is wet after a shower, and then when my hair dries it is sort of "crispy" as described above, but then I just run my fingers through it and it's soft again. My hair still stays put, but I keep it fairly short.
I don't know if you know this, but if you put something in your hair and it somehow damages it.... New hair will grow back.
Not for long. My grandparents went bald, and so I'm trying to enjoy my hair while it lasts. I want it to retain the smoothness and softness while I style it. 
Alright. But how much enjoyment do you get out of panicking about it and being too scared to do anything with it? That's like me saying I love to enjoy my bike but I never ride it cause I wouldn't want it to get dirty or scratched or have any of the parts wear out on it. 
Well, it's cut short now, but I've had it long before and I will again. As soon as I quit this shit retail job. 
Your hair will be fine you are irrationally paranoid.
Granted. 
Fellow skinny dude here..I find that the best way to go is to find longer or 3/4 sleeve shirts that have a nice slim fit and then bunch them at your elbows/forearms. Takes away part of the length of the arm and gives the forearm/wrist some bulk..Hope this helps you :)
I used to think I was too skinny. Now I embrace it..I'm 29 and I've got the wrists of an 11 year old girl (in the freezer, lol)..I wear watches, just simple ones with smaller faces. 
Hey mate! Me and my brother both have thin wrists, but he's not as thin as I am so it's not a big problem for him. I'm super skinny, though, so my wrists are horrible looking. .What I usually do is wear watches with long sleeved shirts and instead of folding and cuffing I button the cuffs and wear it long. I love watches and this is the only way I get to wear them without looking stupid. 
Even though a lot of MFA doesn't approve of this, I like to wear a braided leather bracelet or earth-colored beads and it makes my wrists look less skinny. You can find simple ones at H&M or pretty much anywhere for under $10, give it a try and see if it fits your style.
Man i'm 27 years old with 6 inch wrists now you made me self conscious thanks a lot
delete facebook, hit the gym, up lawyer
[deleted]
That bracelet looks pretty stupid man..I wouldn't recommend this OP...
embrace it. thick wrists are like the arm version of cankles.
Dude IT systems is very relaxed. Bottom end of business casual will probably suffice, so even OCBD/chino will work. As for shoes in this spectrum, you could go boots (chukka, captoe, plaintoe, wingtip) or go for some blutchers with brogueing or some bucks. Possibly even blutcher mocs would cut it. 
Okay, I am going to copy+paste a response I typed up two days ago to this same question, it should cover everything business casual that you need to know:.First option would be the classic business penny loafer: . These will go with just about any business/casual look you can think of, from formal to denim. Certainly one of the most versatile types of shoes in and out of the business world, anything this style will suit your needs. Brassboot is one of my personal favorites, but any penny loafers will be a definite good bet..If you prefer something that many think is more casual, you can try the driving shoe (also known as frat cleats due to their prevalence in southern frat style): . Very similar to the penny loafers, but without the heel and with a cleated underside. They are more comfortable for a lot of people because they are much less rigid, but this also means that they will not keep their shape long. I had the pair I linked to, and got about a year of use from them before the toes started to tear..I would suggest keeping Sperry's or boat shoes as far away from your business casual wardrobe as you can. If you really like the look of boat shoes, camp mocs are their slightly-more-dressed-up cousin: .Of course, this being MFA, I think it's necessary that I recommend CDB at some point: . You know what they are, they'll work in just about any scenario..If you want to get a little dressier, or you like the look of laces, try wingtips oxfords: .And finally, some nice suede bucks never go out of style: .Hopefully that will give you a little new information, a little new inspiration, and a lot of choices. Also, check out the sidebar. It's there for a reason. 
Wow, thanks for the help and information. I was on AlienBlue and couldn't check the sidebar. 
wingtips, loafers maybe?
This is not normal. I bought two polo shirts and a sweater from them like half a year ago and they show no signs of wear. Same goes for a leather belt. 
I have . one. .I wear it with a pair of dark washed jeans and navy vans and I feel totally casual but still more fashionable than a plain tee. 
What are you talking about? I've been on MFA almost every day for the past two years. I don't think I've ever seen any hate on henley shirts. 
Simply put, henleys are slim fitting underwear. They are popular because they give off a classic americana-workwear vibe. They are as casual as going out in pajamas, and I have never seen anyone dress one up with any amount of success..They look pretty good for most guys. 
I personally like them, don't have any myself but I do like them. They fit quite well into a workwear/Americana aesthetic. As for dressing them up it is impossible.
I'm looking forward to the return of fall so I can put the henleys back in rotation.  No hate here.  .But definitely casual. 
Love 'em, but really require shoulders/chest to bring out the best fit of a henley.
They're great casual wear and I've seen guys successfully pull them off during every season of the year.
Keep it simple and casual with a henley.
Also having a bit of muscle (especially in the torso) helps tremendously.
where have you seen henley hate on here? i thought henleys were #hyped right now..but yea im in the positive camp, they're definitely more of a casual shirt seeing as how they used to be primarily used as underwear. i dont even know how you'd dress them up. .also quick but somewhat related question, how do you pronounce merz b. schwanen? 
Just like it's spelled :)
so like murz bee schwahnen.or is it mairz bee schvanen.halp
1st
thanks fam
With shoes, you sort of have to make a decision. If you are going to be beating them up, cheap shoes will fall apart. More expensive shoes are just that: more expensive and better made. If you want shoes to last longer, hand wash them instead of using a washing machine. 
As a cheap college student, it's important to note how fast you are killing your shoes. A pair of $30 shoes every 5 months, or a more expensive pair that may last a few years? Which, in the long run, is cheaper? If you need to find cheap shoes, try thrifting and good luck. If not, save up some money for a while. You will be on your feet most of the day, shoes are arguably the most sensible item of clothing to drop serious cash on. 
Very good point.  I have a pair of Red Wing steel-toe boots ($175) that I wear at work and they've held up great for the last 3 years.  I guess I would be willing to spend that much on casual shoes knowing that they are comfortable and durable.
Red wings FTW
red wings oxfords 
My philosophy is simple--switch out your shoes.
I have about 5-6 pairs of casual shoes that I switch out often.
This way, each pair isn't being constantly worn. .Some shoes are cheap ($20 from H&M) to some more expensive Sperry's and Nike's..With that, go out and find some cheap Vans (or similar) and get a couple of pairs. Switching out shoes helps me to keep the cheaper ones lasting longer.
The higher you pay (generally) the higher quality build you get.  Take a look at thrift stores and find a nice pair of high quality shoes.  Most thrift stores don't seem to pay attention to higher end mens shoes as much as women's so you may be able to find a killer deal.
Sounds more casual, so I would make sure it fits well (of course). I would go something lighter in color, grey or maybe a khaki. Shirt should be a lighter color as well. Brown shoes over black, pocketsquare if you'd like. I'm imagining a beachy kind of thing though so that might not be right. As for patterns id stick to one simpler patter, particularly if its going to be the shirt or suit, and possibly some more leeway for a pocketsquare. 
Lightweight summer suit - tropical wool, cotton, or perhaps linen in a blue or gray or tan, white or light blue shirt (button-down collar), and the pocket square can have some colour and pattern.
Finally that excuse to wear an . you've been looking for!
Is it just the toe box that you're worried about? Those just have character now
forreal? That's one way of looking at it I guess. But is there any way to fix it, though?
I'm no expert on shoes, so take my saying no with a grain of salt. But I don't see why you'd really want to fix it, they probably look better with the scratch, I think you've got some great looking kicks and should continue wearing and beating them up. Those look like the sort to only get better over time.
I think you and LordByron have the right idea. I'll stop trying to fix it and wear them as it is. Thanks a bunch!
The chipped leather looks pretty cheap and probably isn't worth fixing. Having said that, they don't look unwearable, they just look worn in. You can still wear these.
That's definitely better than nothing, but is there any way to fix the chipped leather?
Not really. I suppose you could apply latex paint or something, that would at least cover it up and look consistent.
Would you suggest I try that or just wear them as it is?
Don't
You can go either way. Wearing them like this would not be "unstylish," nor would refurbishing them. Personally I like my kicks a little worn in. It says they've seen a good time or two.
I'll take your word for it, then. I'm leaving for college soon, so I'm getting my wardrobe in order. These kicks were on the top of my list, so that's one thing out of the way I guess.
There's plenty of helpful info in the sidebar for you. You're not really asking any specific questions about dressing, just general "will this look good?" That's what the sidebar is perfect for..I don't know anything about dressing for clubs in Vegas but skip the vest and swap out the shoes for something different if possible.
You're not going to impress anybody who knows anything at all about clothes with Stacey Adams and Express. At worst, you are just going to come off as a low-level guido trying really hard to show off. You would have to buy brands literally more than 10x more expensive than those before you enter the territory where your clothes would start impressing people. Suggest you just dress comfortably and find something else besides clothes to impress people (great looks, beautiful body, charm and wit, etc.)
I was just in Vegas for 3 days. I didn't go to any clubs or do any gambling because I'm not old enough, but I noticed almost everybody was dressed really bad. Maybe it's because I wasn't out late but every time I'd walk through a casino or just around there's be people in tank tops and swimming trunks, honestly I was probably one of the nicest dressed guys in this entire casino and all I was wearing was loafers, khakis, and a polo. It was ridiculously hot when I was there also, the night we got there it was over 105 at 8pm, so try and wear some lighter clothes if you're gonna be out a ton. 
I've been to Vegas twice recently.  My recommendation for clubbing would be navy chinos, white shirt with microprint/checks, brown shoes and belt.  Upgrade to a blazer and slacks if you want, don't wear a tie.  Like other have said in here, most people will be dressed terribly.
Could you suggest some brands? Just trying to look sharp, not like a guido :(..If anything, having an inspiration album or pictures of nice outfits would be helpful.
i think what royal_silk is trying to say is that the high rollers who're dressed like they've got $$$ (typically foreigners like Chinese, Saudi, Persian, Russian etc) are wearing outfits assembled from shopping sprees at Neiman's and Mr. Porter. So unless you've got $10k+ to drop on a wardrobe, it's pointless to emulate their looks on a tight budget. Anyway, Vegas clubs are very very laid back compared to Manhattan or London. You can get by in a fashion shirt like Varvatos or Etro and dark denim almost everywhere. Also i've noticed in the past yr as EDM has taken over LV that the dress standards at stalwarts like TAO and Lavo have become more lax, maybe to appeal to the bro crowd.
Ah ok, gotcha. Any suggestions on dark denim? Most of my friends are wearing dress pants, dress shirt, tie, so I just don't wanna look like a schmuck..Thanks :)
Denim is a whole new world.  To start, look for something in a dark indigo, slim cut, with no pre-fading.  Something like these . are a good start.  If you really want to get into denim, check out raw denim (.).  An intro level pair are the ..
This is true for much of Vegas, but people really do dress proper at a lot of the night clubs.
I see - I'd just like to look well-dressed at the club is all..That being said, tie or no tie? Dress pants or raw denim?
Ehhhh you'll see all sorts of outfits at the places you listed. I would say just don't over-do it for the sake of "over-doing it in Vegas." You'll see lots of people doing that and they look like clowns IMO.
True, I guess I am over doing it a bit. Just want to look a tad better than the average joe on my first Vegas outing, haha. Thanks!
Sorry for the wall of text.  I'm on my phone..I was in Vegas a few months ago for my bachelor party.  I also went to XS and had a blast!  Will.i.am was spinning that night and it was insane.  .Anyway, regarding what to wear to the clubs, visit the clubs' websites regarding dress code.  With what you have, you should be fine as far as entry goes.  But you're not looking for acceptable, you're looking for standing out.  At the very least, take a look at what your friends are wearing.  What shirts, shoes, ties, accessories, etc. they'll all be wearing to try and "stand out".  Quite honestly, they'll probably look like every other guy you'll see in Vegas.  And honestly, with your wardrobe, so will you.  So my suggestion to you is to take a look at what your friends are wearing and adding a little bit more.  If the guys are wearing neckties, wear a bow tie.  If you can't rock the bow tie, add a tie bar to your tie.  If you can, get a shirt that uses cuff links rather than the standard buttoned cuff that everyone else will have.  Wear suspenders too if you're going to go without a vest, because drunk girls like playing with suspenders.  But most of all, just have fun and be relatively safe!.And as a side note, be sure to buy tickets to the venue in advance online.  Had my friends and I not prepaid for admission, we would've waited 2-3 hours instead of 5 minutes to get in and we would've paid $60 instead of $30 for admission.  We got our tickets at wantickets.com.  
Thank you for the suggestions!.They will, for the most part, be wearing slacks, dress shirt, and ties. I'm not sure if I can pull off suspenders or a bow tie, so maybe I will add a tie bar if I decide to wear one (should I? I've read mixed things on wearing ties in clubs)..Yep, we already got our tickets online in fear of that situation occuring. Fortunately, we also got in contact with a promoter to help us out.
Cool, thank you :)
Thank you for the response, this is exactly what I was looking for :).I was thinking of something like this, skipping the blazer and tie:
.Thoughts? The only thing I'm nervous about is wearing white, don't want some idiot spilling drinks all over my shirt :(
Yea, you don't have to do white.  I just recommend a light colored shirt, because you will stand out from the sea of ugly dark colored "going out" shirts.
Yeah I definitely want to wear light colors. I think I'm going to pick up some navy blue and grey slacks today, so perhaps a light pink, green or robin blue shirt and a white check shirt? .I know fit will be the most important part, so I'll most likely have to go to a tailor for that, right? 
All great summer colors, just make sure to go for something washed out, not to much saturation. And yea, it's hard to find well fitting clothes otr. Just make sure shoulders, sleeve length, collar, and waist fit.  Having a tailor take in the sides of a shirt and and taper pants makes a world of difference.
Any tips on how to ensure shoulders collar and waist fit? I thought the tailor was supposed to take care of that lol. .Thanks again, I really appreciate your help!
A tailor can't do much to a collar. From the . on the sidebar (If you haven't looked through the sidebar yet, there is a lot of great info):."The collar should just graze your neck without constricting it. If turning your head causes the collar to turn with it, the collar is too tight. You should be able to comfortably fit only two fingers inside of your buttoned collar without it tightening against your skin.".However, collar size isn't as important on a casual shirt. Since you won't normally be buttoning the top button, it can be a little big/small without anyone noticing. As far as the waist fit, I was referring to the pants. The waist and hips on a the shirt is where a tailor can really make a difference.  As far as waist in pants, they should always fit well without a belt..When buying a casual shirt I check: shoulder width> sleeve/body length> collar.  These are the three main things a tailor can't fix (they can shorten sleeves/body, but not lengthen)..Also, . Dappered's guide to Vegas..Some notes on the individual pieces you posted: .Don't wear a vest. This is a common mistake people make when starting to try and dress well.  .  A vest like you posted should only really be worn with a matching three piece suit. It can be pulled off in other situations, but is very, very difficult to do, and mostly requires you look like JGL..The shoes are also too formal for a club.  Black shoes are very formal and are generally reserved for business and funerals.  Also, the single strap style is very formal. A . or something similar is a much butter option.  Look Something brown, with laces, and a round toe..For 1MX shirts, they are a decent intro level shirt that comes slimmer than most otr shirts, which might allow you to avoid tailoring.  However beware of the colors, many are over saturated and look terrible honestly, stick to the light ones.  They are also not the highest quality, but serve as a decent start..Ties: don't wear them in Vegas.  Once again, formal does not equal well..The Catalina Wine mixer stuff is all much better, I'd 86 the tie and blazer and your good to go..Edit: lots, I was bored at work
Thank you again for all of your help. Much appreciated brother!
As for brands, from someone who used to wear mostly express before I really got into fashion, my brand evolution has gone something like:.Express> H&M/Uniqlo> Banana Republic/J Crew> Brooks Bros> Gitman/Engineered Garments.H&M and Uniqlo are great for finding your style without loosing your wallet.
Thank you again..I went to Macy's today and picked up a pair of Perry Ellis Navy Blue Chinos - unfortunately I'm not too sure what I can wear with it. I was aiming for something like this, but I'm having trouble finding any non-plain white shirts or ones that look similar to that:
.Any other suggestions that'd go with navy blue? I haven't tried H&M yet, and I don't believe there is a Uniqlo nearby..As for my second outfit, I'm at a complete loss. I was thinking grey chinos with a light pink shirt, but someone else is wearing a very similar outfit (just added a tie) that night. I picked up this shirt the other day, but I don't really know what would go with it. Halp? Haha..Thanks again dude, really appreciate your time! Hopefully I can find something today and get it tailored in time for the trip..Edit - Would something like this work with the Navy's or is it too grey? 
Pretty much anything can go with navy chinos. Blue, green, pink, grey, white, grey, anything really, try and avoid black. The shirt you linked would work great. Just keep the shade lighter than the pants. H&M and Uniqlo should have some similar shirts to that.  The . in particular on this page would all look great with navy chinos. . also has some great options, they ship in 2 days or less and have free returns. Grey chinos are almost as versatile as navy, pink, light blue and white work the best.
Ah ok, gotcha. Damn, I wish there was a Uniqlo within 10 hours of me - lol..So with the grey chinos like these: .a light pink or something like this would work? .I assume medium-dark or dark brown belt/shoes, right? As black is a bit too formal for that.
Pink will work with grey or blue chinos, and pretty much all other pants.  I don't see a pink on that H&M shirt, unless you're referring to the raspberry red.  In general, those H&M shirts are very saturated like the 1MX shirts.  Strong colors on top like that will go better with light colored pants.  When wearing navy or gray, it is best to stick to lighter colors and pastels. The mint green is nice though.
I was referring to the mint green - still searching for a nice pink one. .Thoughts on shoes/belt?
Shoes is the place where going cheap is a little more difficult. The Banana Republic Digby is a good looking shoe, . has a few more options. I recommend looking into Allen Edmonds in the future, possibly a used pair.  They are pricey, but worth the investment. Get a belt that matches your shoes as closely as possible.
Ah, sorry - I actually meant which color shoe/shade would go best with the two outfits (assuming light pink or white shirt + navy chinos, mint green shirt + grey or semi-dark grey chinos - the ones I linked earlier). .I know I can't really skimp on the shoes, but I'm looking to spend under $100 on a pair I can take to a club and allow to get "beat up", then invest in some nice AE's later.

To start off, that tee fits pretty well. Your jeans however, do not. Maybe get a pair of . in "Rigid Dragon" color. If you don't have any buttondowns, you definitely need those. Get one or two of these . in either light blue, pink, or white
Old Navy typical has v-necks and other basics like that for pretty cheap. I grabbed a couple v-necks and some sweaters during my senior year and felt a lot more dressed up
Thank you for your reply!I would love to.But like I said above, my total cannot be above $100,that's a pair of jeans and a shirt(don't have any button downs.). Are there any cheaper options or tips you could give me?
Both uniqlo and levis are already on the cheap end. If your budget is that tight maybe shop at target or something.
Comes out to $108. Maybe get one buttondown from uniqlo instead of two, and get one white tee from uniqlo.
You're probably not going to get anywhere with $100 immediately, unless you get really lucky at a thrift store. To stay on that budget you're gonna have to be patient and get some versatile basics. Jeans, you only really need one pair of jeans, so feel free to spend more money on a decent pair so they'll last, but you can get a pair of Levi's 511s for around $45 at Macy's or JCP, and probably cheaper at TJMaxx or Ross with some patience. A dark indigo (not black) wash with no distressing is the ideal..For tops, your t-shirts are probably fine. Wearing t-shirts in general is fine if you're going to school, but if you want more, H&M, Target, and Uniqlo all have well fitting and relatively inexpensive t-shirts. You should probably stick with simple designs or solid colors and avoid graphics t-shirts. The oxford button down mentioned above can also be worn casually, and you probably don't need more than one in white or blue, so it's a good alternative if you want something other than a t-shirt. The cheapest you'll find those are about $20 when Uniqlo has them on sale, thougj..Shoes is probably the most important part of an outfit, though. I'd recommend a gray or white pair of simple canvas sneakers like Vans or Keds, as they tend to fit your budget better than other options. You can check the shoe guide in the side bar for other casual shoe options, and see what you prefer..For more information, check the side bar! Everything I just said should be in there and probably better written.
Thanks!I have converse, are those good?
yes
Also, how much would it cost to completely fill every gap in my current wardrobe,and would it be worth while to do so in on sitting?Because if it is(and  I can talk my parents into it) I would like to do so in order to get it over with.
Well from the looks of it you need new pants. You can get away with owning one proper pair of pants. As everyone as suggested, some Levi 511s in rigid dragon will do you. You can generally get those for $40 if you catch a sale..2 ocbds in different colors should run you $30 each if you get them from jcp or uniqlo..I don't know what your shoe situation is like, but you said you're 15, so I assume you are in high school, so all you need are some casual shoes. If you have a Vans store near you, most of them do buy 1 get 1 half off sales or at least have a ton of sale shoes. Pick up two pairs in colors you like but don't do anything too ridiculous. You could probably get 2 pairs of Vans for $70..You said you have 1 jacket. Can you post it or link us to it? With the majority of a standard school year being winter it is important to have a nice jacket, although I guess that depends on where you live..You should also get a few sweaters and flannels so you have layering options in the winter. Again, you can pick these up from jcp or uniqlo relatively cheap in slim fitting sizes, probably around $30 each..I'd say to get all of this you're looking at ~$200, plus a jacket if that's something you need. That would start you off nicely, although there would definitely still be a lot of gaps.
Thank you. I have this jacket:.  and need a new one cause it gets cold as tits up here.As for shoes, I have 2 pairs of converse(high and low, black).And don't you need more than one pair of jeans so you can have clean pairs?As always, recommendations, suggestions, and corrections are appreciated.
Ah. That's more of a fleece than a jacket, still not sure where you're from, but here in Wisconsin that would hardly cut it for even an average fall day. I recommend looking into something warmer, perhaps a parka from eddie bauer or ll bean, if you can talk your folks into something like that. You can get a quality, warm jacket for <$200 that will last for years and keep you warm..I still recommend picking up some other shoes, you don't want to be wearing exclusively converse everyday. I stand by my vans suggestion, although if you want something very different, you could try out some boat shoes. Definitely will make you stand out for your age without overdoing it..I think most of MFA would agree with me that you don't need to frequently wash your pants unless they actually smell or are dirty. I go 3-4 weeks without washing my non-raw denim, so yes, you can get by with 1 pair of jeans if you are on a tight budget. I personally have 2 pairs of my "favorite" jeans, and then I have a few different pairs of chinos in different colors, as well as a pair of cords. You're just starting to develop your style and you're on a budget so I'm not recommending a lot of different styles/colors. Stick to Levis for now as they're affordable and are still of good quality. For your build, 511s are more than adequate. 
Thank you, I'll see what I can do. Just so I do this right, what is wrong with my jeans?

I do not know if this will work for you, but you could try looking in the Children's section for pants. Levi's sell 511s there for less than in the adult section. They may be too small though. 
WAAYYY to small.
Ah well, it was worth a try I guess. I shop there. The children's section is one of the only benefits to being short.

That chart is freaking glorious
theres a more recent one where some dude posted himself in this ridiculous red shirt but i dont have it.
Alrighty, will not be touching that sight with a ten foot pole. Any affordable alternatives?P.S I have read the sidebar but I just came a little to late and need some clothing pronto and my parents set a limit of $100, so I'm goin' up shit creek without a paddle.
Go toTarget and buy some Mossimo shirts, go to JCP and get some chinos and Levi 511s
h&m, uniqlo
Thanks
Randolph Engineering
Checkout American Optical (AO) aviators as well. They're not as expensive but are pretty nice to have.
rayban
amazon sell the american optical:.one of the actor wears AO on Mad Men on Hbo.
If you're looking for high-end, Paul Smith had soe really nice aviators recently. But they are definitely expensive. 
As a Massachusetts native, I have to say that a pair of Bean Boots is essential for surviving our winters.
Having grown up in Massachusetts, here's my advice and some features you might want to look for when getting outerwear:.I'd second .'s advice and suggest you wait until you get there. Not sure where you'll be, but there's plenty of shopping in Boston and the Metrowest (and no tax on clothes!). If you're looking at technical gear, REI and EMS are great places to shop.
A note of advice, I'd probably wait until you're in massachusetts to buy anything. you're not really going to need anything until at least a month after you get there which will give you plenty of time to figure out what you . need and what you can do without.
This is super important advice. You're also going to find a better selection & better quality/more weather-practical garments in Massachusetts than in Californian. Californian stores aren't going to stock heavy-duty stuff. It'll also be a huge pain to shuttle a ton of newly bought clothes to MA in your luggagejust buy there and store there over the summer.
I agree. I moved from Texas to North Dakota, and there was . in Texas that was suitable for winter in North Dakota. I live in California now, and I recommend waiting till you get to Mass for one additional reason: you'll see what the local conventions are for college clothes. I think you'll fit in better if you buy more or less comparable clothes to what your friends are wearing.
Transplanted New Englander Here. For winter pick up Bean boots (with thinsulate) and a Barbour (Bedale or Beaufort) , you'll fit right in. These things will last you the rest of your life..edit: All the other advise in this thread is Excellent.
parka/toggle coat peacoats aren't formal btw.harrington/bomber/ma1/denim.anorak/actual raincoat.bean boots/bean katahdins/thorogood/red wings
Toggle coat peacoats are formal enough. Almost every prep school student in the NE has one in their closet.
what?.toggles coats and peacoats are two different things, I just forgot the slash. They aren't formal though, they are just more formal than parkas
thanks! i'll look into these
Just wanna say this guy know's what's up. There's really good advice overall in this thread, but I feel like a lot of the jackets being posted aren't warm enough. I'm on the other side of the country, but my college has similar weather to what I've seen / heard Mass gets, and I'd be way cold in a lot of what's posted here. Bean boots + hat and gloves + wool and chasmere sweaters+ vests and a jacket is a great list. .ALSO, for real, layers. The stuff you'll probably need to wear to stay warm walking to class will burn you up IN class unless you can remove a lot of it. I often rock a tshirt + a sweater (always at least two 'wearable' layers, + a fleece jacket or cardigan if the shirt supports it, + a coat. All but the tshirt is ultimately removable if need be. .Also, as much as you see fit championed on here, doubly so for winter clothes. If your coat can let air up and in, you're going to have a bad time. 
A little hard to help without a price range but here goes. If you like a jacket but you want one cheaper/more expensive, just tell me and I'll pull up another link :).Warm Jacket - . . .
Light Layering Jacket - . . .
Boots - . . 
Price range is really anything "reasonable". I'm not looking to go with the cheapest stuff, but deals are great
Is the stuff I posted helpful then?
Yea! it was, I liked the jackets, so I will look into those some more! I really liked the boots, but I'll have to do some more digging because I forgot to mention that I'm size 15 and it looked like at least a couple of those didn't come in my size..Thanks so much though
Bean boots and iron rangers both fit pretty large, so you might still be in luck.
ooh thats good to know
Yeah, use feetlot to compare sizes to something you already have. It's recommendations are usually pretty accurate. 
i would get the red wing beckman for $199 over the iron ranger during the nordstrom's sale on 7-19-13..Warm jacket, i would get a patagonia down jacket; to survive winter in mass; you need to learn to dress in layers of clothes.
I've been considering this, but without a car I don't want to hassle with that and I'll be playing baseball so I won't have much free time. Definitely an option though, thanks!
Just a heads-upyou should definitely consider also buying a bunch of thick Smartwool socks (they go on sale at REI sometimes, can't remember when though), and . and/or . might be a good idea. Base layers are a godsend sometimes when it's especially cold, and it'll give you some extra sartorial options.. is a great brand for casual coats/jacketsthey run the gamut from snow-ready coats to lightweight rain jackets. They are currently having a saleit's not a great sale, but if you're cool with stuff around the $100$160 range that's a good option. Penfield is also an excellent brand to stalk on Ebay, and they're stocked on a few other sites which may be doing salespoke around.. has a pretty decent sale right now and you could at least poke around to see if there are any styles of interest, or brands you want to research further. A ton of outerwear has been marked down to under $100..If you get Bean boots, definitely get the Thinsulate. You will be grateful for it when trudging through the snow.
the problem with heattech and underarmour is the second you get inside you will be sweating because they will have the heat up so much. I prefer to be a bit cold outside rather than be too hot indoors
I don't mean to . disagree with anything, you listed, but: .I don't think anything listed here is going to be warm enough, coat wise. A peacoat + a harington + a sweater + a tshirt might be, but that's a big might. 
Staying fashionable in a properly cold place is difficult. :(
How do these Levis 511's look? 34x30. Also, what is the most versatile 511 jeans color?

I'm probably just hanging outside my porch with some friends. I'm 5'11' 135lbs, wearing a small BDG henley/sweater, small Saks Fifth Ave outlet shorts, and some red Keds. The shorts billow out a little when I'm standing, but hug my legs a bit more when seated.

[deleted]
The only thing bothering me now is the shorts. I feel like they should be ironed but maybe I'm just being anal. 
Heading out with some friends to bum around town.
Put together a little bit of everything (casual, suit pic, work wear) for my first post. Been lurking here (and trying to dress like a gent) for a year now..(Album)[.]
Today; Outfit for a graduation party.
I bought . for every day wear. I'm not sure how they are supposed to fit. They sort of slice my toes everytime i bend, they rub on my achilles tendon area and i get blister, and my heel moves up and down inside the boot. I should note that they feel sort of tight overall, but wouldn't my heel move more if 
I went up in size? I don't know which of these problems if from them being not broken in and which is from other things. This is extra worrysome because a while ago I bought some . that just shred my achilles tendon area. Am I just not supposed to wear boots? 
. PG&C/Knockaround/Izod. Shoes would be Merona Boat Shoes.

[deleted]
Going to Europe for a few days. We'll have a washing machine so I'm packing light..
.
.
.
.Any feedback is appreciated. 
New blazer, how does it fit me? .Also, I know the chinos are too long, I was just using them to compare shirt/tie combos. Which one works better?
I've lost over 15 pounds recently and I was wondering if I am still too big for medium v-necks/polos?.This is me wearing . from Old Navy...This is a . from Old Navy, . from Target (Merona) and . a Ralph Lauren from TJ Maxx..Should I jump into Medium size yet or avoid shopping until I loose some more weight?
 jeans too tight? wearing this with white JP's.
 acropolis/target/new balance.is this ok to wear as a big guy?
Gap shirt + H&M glasses and chinos.I feel like the shirt is too blue and the khaki is too khaki for these pieces to go well together. Thoughts? 
 with a new pair of . to go with it.. - $62.50 (before the 40% off I got it for). - $32.99
Fit seems fine other than the shirt being a bit long. .Don't really like the colorway of the boat shoes, but w/e.I would prefer a smaller, less loud pattern for the shirt, but there's nothing objectively wrong with it. Rolling the sleeves would be helpful here. Shorts look good. 
Tuck the shirt in or leave it untucked? I never know when to do what..
This shirt seems a little too casual to be tucked, imo.you can take it to a tailor to have it shortened a bit. You'll want it to fall somewhere around the middle of your fly.
This was just meant for my own self reference, and then saw it was fit check day! So sorry for the shit picture..MC'ing a wedding tomorrow night. Here's my gear:
That is a fucking nice mustache. Fit looks solid.
I feel like it's weird to wear a three-piece suit without a tie, but maybe that's just me?
Uniqlo / Uniqlo / Tretorn Nylites for a basic 
good fit
Target Merona OCBD.First time getting into a size M. How do the shoulders, sleeves, and chest fit? .I am 5'11 and around 195lbs
Other than a little bit of shortness in the sleeves, I think they fit quite well. You could try Uniqlos Slim Fit OCBDs, which are a bit longer in the sleeves.
Thanks for the feedback. They were on sale yesterday for 50% so I was tempted to snag a few. I have quite a bid Uniqlo slim fit OCBDs and they fit fantastic. .The L Merona OCBD is way too big and boxy but the medium seemed a little too small. 
Ah, the Uniqlos go down to 20 dollars every so often, and I snagged 4 last time they went down to that price, so you can keep waiting if you're patient, I'm sure they'll drop down eventually.
Thanks for the heads up! I have ones in olive, light grey, light blue, white, and I really want navy but its always sold out in L. Some day! 
Yea, no problem, glad to provide info. I have white, light blue, light grey, and pink. Navy's been out in all sizes I think for the longest time, and I've been looking for one too. I hope they'll restock by the time fall/winter comes around.
Sleeves look a bit short imho.
goddam i love them, i dont want to hem them :'(
Stacking as always is baddass
I posted a pair of these too: .I just got mind hemmed, place did an amazing job, I am happy with them. I am glad they fit will since I have giant doom calves. 
[deleted]
I think brown boots would work better than black
"Weather" of this fit is everywhere. Unbuttoned shirt w shirt under says hot weather while tucked jeans and cardigan say cold weather. .Drop the cardi and untuck the jeans. Hat is okay
 to get my haircut on a wet winter's morning. Roughing it with some old sperry's that don't mind a bit of water. 
sorry for the absolutely horrible picture. espadrilles are actually a deep blue, not black or navy
I feel like you need to roll your pants at least a little bit and expose some skin for this to work with espadrilles. They're a summer-time shoe, but this outfit seems to be trying to pass them off as a sneaker replacement. Embrace them.
Agree, except I don't like the hat really.. Maybe something more square? I don't think it goes with the outfit..
Looks good, fit is on point. 
Looks good.
Your shorts could be a little shorter, and your cuff is uneven on one outfit. The fits could just use a little work in general.
For future reference, there is generally little concern with your belt and it's hard to properly evaluate your fit without your shirt sitting naturally. Aside from that it looks like everything fits decently. 
Wear different white/grey sneakers or boat shoe/moc type shoe..Shorts seem baggy and a little long..I'd also either ditch the watch or try to find a more casual one.
Not feeling the sandals. Go for something else like boat shoes like others have suggested and a smaller cut of shorts. The fit has potential though.
Anyway, they're just some of my thoughts looking through, take them with a pinch of salt because they're just my opinion. 
It's hard to tell from this angle, but your shorts look too big in the waist and a bit long. Shirt looks good, though.
Don't button the bottom button on your jacket. The ties seem out of place when just worn with a shirt. If an occasion is informal enough to not warrant a jacket, it shouldn't warrant a tie..It's also hard to discern the fit on many of your pictures because of the way you're standing. For next time, take your hands out of your pockets and stand straight. The jacket in the 6th picture as well as a couple of your shirts seem to be too large, but again might look so because of the way you're standing.
I figured they were risky moves, since my gut reminded me of that "You probably shouldn't wear a tie without a jacket" cardinal rule. I was taking a gamble for the sake of summer-y contrast with the red on blue.
I'm not feeling the red shoes
I think they're cool, but it's a little tough to see. This outfit might be better off with a lighter color or maybe some camp mocs.
Yeah camp mocs would look better IMO 
Nice supreme hoodie bro
The cuff on the chinos in the first and second pictures look a bit large.  Otherwise, good work!
These come at a pretty long length. You really have to get them hemmed if you aren't quite tall.
Stacking doesn't really look good with chinos like that.
I wouldn't really know I just thought it looked cool. It's only acceptable with denim then?
Well do what you want of course but I don't like how it looks with most chinos. I prefer a cleaner line through the leg like in your first 2 pics. Stacking with chinos just looks sloppy in a bad way to me.
yeah these just look okay w/ stacking. theyre sort of lightweight chinos so they dont stack as well
I mean it's not my style by any means I just think it looked cool. (these aren't my pics btw). I'm new to this kinda and I haven't really looked into styles that I wouldn't see myself wearing.
I'm looking for some feedback on the size of some shorts. ., whereas ...Personally I think the small fit better, but the few people who were shopping with me at the time preferred the medium, with the thoughts that the small made me look 'much younger'.
Small for the love of god. Medium looks like they would suffice as a parachute. 
The reason the shorts cause you to look younger has more so to do with the pattern of the shorts rather than the size. .The small fits you well, although some may consider them too short.
The medium fits great length wise, but are too loose around the hem. (However they can be tapered by a tailor).Find a pair of . colored shorts that fit at the hem like the small. Any length between the two sizes you showed is fine.
Thanks for the feedback, really appreciate it. What do you mean by 'loose around the hem' - is that basically that the leg openings are too wide?
No worries. And yeah they mean the same thing.
Awesome, I'll keep my eyes open for a plain version :)
Ha, precisely my thoughts!
I'd take the shorts up a bit so they don't cover your knees
They look a tad tight in the crotch, but I think they'll stretch out a bit especially if they're new. I personally prefer dark jeans too like what the other commenter said. One pair of light jeans isn't too bad in your wardrobe though.
Please don't do the belt tuck. Shirt might be a little loose all around though.
Yeah my bad on the belt. It's not tucked, it's just sitting in the buckle awkwardly.
Liking the gradient.
I think you could do with one less cuff. You'll probably get a lot of comments criticizing the Roshes, but according to most people on here, there is no "correct" way to wear them. I like them here.
lol thanks. I really have no idea what the hate on roshes is. 
It's really weird. When they first came out, everyone got a massive hard on for them, but now it seems like it's a miracle if people think that they fit in an outfit. I usually always like them. Very sleek shoes.
Socks shouldn't be showing when wearing shorts. Try loafer socks if you can't go barefoot. Also like you mentioned the shorts look a little wide but probably because your legs can't fill them out. Try having them tailored to fit the natural shape of your leg. 
Going out with my girlfriend for the .I know I'm gonna get crap for Aeropostale, but I work there so I get clothes real cheap.
Jeans fit well. Might be slightly long, but that's not too big of a deal. Also, the shoes are kind of killing this outfit right now. You should go for a normal sneaker, like Vans or something.
I like the fit of the jeans, and the tee fits well also. But don't they have plain colored tees you can get instead?.I think different shoes, like grey or white sneakers would work better in this outfit. 
Looks a little tight around your crotch area because of the pulling. I'd say get the 511 one size up. Also if you do not have indigo coloured jeans, I suggest you get indigo coloured 511s. It's easier to pair with other colour tops.
I think your shirt might be a little small in the shoulders. judging from the styling of the shirt too, it may be a dress shirt vs a casual one (like an ocbd). the reason why I'm steered to believe this is due to the collar, which appears to be a stiff starched collar, and the French front placket. that being said, it doesn't really match the casualness of the rest of your outfit.
Yeah it's a small and it definitely pulls a little if I button the top button. It's from Express; I wear smalls from Banana Republic and J. Crew (where most of my button downs are from) but I think I need mediums from Express. I definitely agree about it looking too dressy now that you mention it. Swapped it out for a navy V-neck. Thanks for the feedback!
Ill echo what the other commenter said, and agree that the short is a bit long. The front should end around the middle of your zipper. I can't really see the fit of the rest of the shirt because of that angle, so I can't really comment. Shorts look fine though.
I'd have to say I don't like the fit on the shirts.. Are you sure those are your size? They seem a bit too large.. Try to size down or tailor them man.. If I'd have to choose go with the blue one if you feel more comfortable..
Yep, those are the best I could find, I didn't really care about fit and clothes until not very long ago and still haven't had the time to fix my wardrobe.
Same here.. Brazilian look is easy relatively though.. White vneck, rolled chinos or cropped pants, panama hat and white sneakers and you'd look fine ;)
That's exactly what I'm trying to avoid haha, either way I decided to use a sweater (that properly fits) above everything.
I know that feel hehe.. I see where you coming from.. Hope you find your path brother 
id switch the shoes for something in a single color. i can def feel some monochromatic stuff going down if you fixed the kicks..maybe white vans.
hmmm. just got . in the mail a few days ago. i put some of these . in them. would they look better?
Hm, I think those are kind of wack but that's just my opinion since 8'd never be able to pull them off. But I think if you just had one single plain color it would do your fit justice 
When you lace them up, they will still fit a bit loose around your ankle.  Try sliding your foot forward as far as you can while tied, and see if you can fit your finger behind your heel to the bottom of the shoe.  If you can, size down a bit..FWIW, I'm 12 vans/11 Clarks.
Is that size 12 authentics? Because I have a vans that is a size larger than authentics. 
There is an unbalance to this
Imo, Clarks desert boots aren't really that comfortable. I think some other people would agree with me. They're more for looks. 
Shirt fits weird around your waist and your sleeves and the length of your shirt is too long. Try to get something smaller. .Although for some reason the shoulder looks so . small, everything else is just longer and bigger..Short might look better if it's shorter though. Also, love your hair!
I have a belly that might restrict me from going smaller. I'll post a size smaller and see what you think! 
Looks good. What brand is the tee?

Pants could be a little longer.
I had to double cuff cuz they are too long, I'll adjust that thanks :)
Although I see very slight pulling on the button, it looks fine. I'm more concerned on the length of the shirt sleeve though.
the shirt in the 3rd fit looks a bit baggy especially around the waist and sleeves. The shirt in the 4th fit also looks a bit baggy, plus the sleeves look a bit long. .Other than that you've got some solid basics that work well together color-wise. Have fun in Europe! 
Yeah I can see that. Both of those were thrifted so I was going for price over fit. Thanks for the feedback!
Medium looks just fine to me.  You would grow out of a large quickly anyways.
What do you mean by that? thanks for the comment
Well, that large is on the looser side as-is, so if you lose weight it's only going to fit worse down the line..The medium fits acceptably, and will fit better as you continue to lose weight.
You threw me off with the "grow out of" hehe, non-native speaker sorry
Yeah, usually it's used in the other direction, like you'll soon be too big/tall for the item.
I understand.. I just found it funny :)
Are you sure that you're getting the proper size and not wearing boots that are too big? Other than that, all I can suggest is wearing thick socks and hoping they break in a little better. 
its hard to tell in the photo since the darkness obscures a lot of details.from what I can tell though is it looks fine, maybe erring on conservatively cut (which is perfectly fine) however your sleeves look just a tad on the long side. your shirt sleeve should peek out with your hands at rest
It does feel a bit too conservatively cut for my taste but I'm not sure what I would change about it. What would make it less conservative? What could I ask a tailor to do that would make it look better?
i didnt see your 2nd picture earlier because i was on mobile.the sleeve length looks good in the 2nd, it looks more like your shirt sleeve might be short in the first photo.the conservative cut is more due to the length and boxyness. the more trendy modern silhouette of the blazer jacket favors a cropped length and a sharper drop to the waist. if you wanted a trendier fit getting the blazer hemmed and darted (or just getting the waist suppressed via different means) might work but its probably easier just to find a different blazer
What NB are those?
620's :)
shirts too tight, we dont want to see your tits
My moobs are weird and stick out :/ doesn't matter the shirt.
I generally don't like telling people "lift" as fashion advice if they aren't looking for it, but my friend a few years ago had a similar issue, then he got into working out, cut down 25 lbs (3 months) then bulked back up (another 3 months). Weird moobs turned into great pecs..If you already got a thing going though that's fine, and if this is out of line I'm genuinely sorry
I'm starting an exercising regiment, Coming up with a meal plan and cardio plan these next few days and am going to start it up on Monday. 
Awesome. Good luck man! 
I'd say a tad too tight, based on how your shirt fits you.
ok that was my thinking also maybe they will stretch out or I an stretch them out somehow
Levi's stretch a bit, so you'll be fine. I think they look good here anyways, so don't worry about it too much. Happy cake day!
Most brands don't stretch out . much. Are they un-returnable?
yeah they were ebayed I took a shot as they had my size and I can't try on black levies anywhere near me.
Ah ok, they will probably be fine then.  If they stretch out nicely you can always hang dry when washing to avoid shrinkage.
thanks!
Yeah, I think medium is good, especially the tee from Old Navy. Sleeves seem to stop at the middle of the bicep and the body is close fitting. Polo fit is pretty good too.
Is that where v-necks' are supposed to stop at? Is the seam good in the Old Navy one as well??.I like the Polo as well.. Thanks :)
The breeze feels great in triple digit heat.
Shorts look great, nice job on the hemming. .The earth tones are pretty nice. Overall, solid outfit. 
Sorry for the crappy pictures but I took these at the tailor yesterday:.Got my new pants hemmed, hows the fit?.EDIT - FYI they are a pair of epaulet rivet chinos
Good job I reckon
Looks like they fit well.
The tailor? Yes it was an amazing hem job, looked factory.
On the tailoring and the fit in general!
Oh, thanks. I was pretty fucking stoked I fit into anything from epaulet, been a long road of weight loss, and this is a fucking milestone - I fit into 'boutique' shit. I was just worried about my calves, but there is more than enough room.
I feel you man, I'm 6'3 and 220lb, lost 80lb a couple of years ago. Constantly surprised when I can get into things with no X's before the size or that say slim or tailored fit on... :)
Similar here. Lost about 85lb since I starter (and 100lbs from my max). I am 5'10" 205lbs in that pic.
Hell of a job, congrats!
Thank you.
Espadrilles w pants doesn't seem right to me. If they were rolled up a bunch I'd probably like em more. .Short sleeve layering also seems off. I'd like more if it were a long sleeve over a tee.Tee looks cool tho
I did actually end up rolling them quite a bit since it rained the entire day after I took the pic..I'm personally quite fond the short sleeve shirt with a tiny bit of sleeve flaring out, it strikes me as a little neater and comfortable than a long sleeve shirt would in this situation..thanks for the advice! will remember to hit the ground running with the cuffs next time.edit: I should probably clarify that I think this looks neater because my forearms are literally larger than my biceps, so long sleeves tend to look very sloppy and untailored if I ever hope to roll them near my elbow.
avoid shopping til you lose more weight. ur gettin there tho. just a waste of money to buy something that fits now but won't when ur svelte 
Agree.. I plan to stick to mediums.. It's around the first time in 4 years that I can wear medium sized clothing so I am happy.. :).I'll keep your comment in mind but there are just so many sales and stuff.. I can't control myself.. :)
things will still be on sale later! but i guess you're buying some inexpensive clothing so it isn't too big a deal. i would just hold off on big purchases til you get to where you want. best of luck. 
Yes definitely.. Im just going for getting basics right.. I've been lurking for over 4 months and just recently started buying stuff.. also I started losing weight which was dumb hehe.. 
I'd have to say this is probably the most civilized and pleasant exchange over someone's weight that I have seen on this subreddit. 
Really? I think this subreddit gets a lot of bad rep from people who can't handle some mid-harsh criticism.. I guess there are a lot of assholes here too.. Well, I am happy I was treated nicely :)
Easier said than done. I have wasted so much money when I was losing weight it isn't even funny.
I feel your pain.. Fortunately I spent half my money on a camera lens so less money for clothes and more for food and shit.. :/
Your t-shirt is too big. You should get one that's smaller. But other than that, yes, it's fine to wear that as bigger guy.
thanks :) i'll get larges instead 
I feel like the roshes don't fit here
What would look better?
I think a boot would be cool, or maybe a slimmer pair of sneaks. The henley and jeans say workwear, while the roshes scream tech, so there's a bit of a clash there.
What about a henley and 511's say workwear?
The fact that henleys used to be underwear garments, especially for physical laborers, while jeans were worn by workers as well. However, those connotations aren't very strong anymore
I tried to arrange my biker's leather jacket in a more tailored surrounding. 
I'd prefer it without the collar pop. The mash up of bizcaz and streetwear is pretty cool, though.
This should be higher up in the thread
That is fucking awesome.
Thank you very much, Fantasysage!
 / 
Is that a solid black button-up in the first pic?
First one is great
I have the same shirt and shoes in the second pic woo jcrew.  I don't think I'm ever going to jump on the short shorts though.  Egh.  To each their own.
Heh. I wouldn't consider them short. Just shorter than I used to wear (13"+ cargos)..To each their own I guess. I doubt I could go much shorter than these but others love them shorter. 
The second fit is golden! What are you wearing on your left wrist?
Timex weekender. I'm an MFA clone. 
I wanna get one soon.. :(
What nikes are those? They look great on the 2nd fit. 
Nike x jcrew killshot 2. I'm on mobile but you can find them easily on the jcrew site. 
Navy uniqlo ocbd. Looks black though huh? Its really navy in person though. 
Ahh that's much better. The solid black looked odd.
Both are really clean. Kill shots look good.
Thanks. I love the killshots. I'm late to the hypetrain but they are a great clean shoe for the price.
Are they back on sale yet? I don't like the new blue color, I prefered the darker.
Yeah. The darker ones should be shipping currently. At least in my size they were. 
i hate those shoes
Do you even MFA?
I feel like mocs of some kind would enhance the second fit as far as shoe choices go. I don't really like wearing white v-necks open, since it looks a bit undershirt like. U-necks just work better to me in that context. But sold fits on the whole man.
I have some Topsiders that I have worn with this before but I'm gonna be doing some walking today and wanted a better shoe. Thanks!
Function over form, can't blame you there, and they're still nice shoes. Like I said, cool basic summer fits man.
It looks like, to me at least, that the first one is a crew neck and the sunglasses are just pulling it down slightly. I agree on the U-neck, though. 
Ha, looks like you're totally right, no idea how I missed that. Crew in my opinion works better than v, but color could still be better.
I used to be a BR guy, but man, ever since I got a pair of Bonobos I fell in love with that brand. Plus, their customer service is top notch! 
Never tried the BR ones but I own some Bonobos chinos and they quality is definitely really great. Great fabric and the construction is top-notch. As a comparison, my Gap chinos (same company as BR, a bit lesser quality) suck compared to the Bonobos.
I have a pair of BR slim fit chinos and a pair of Bonobos slim straight chinos.  I've only had each for about 5 months and so far each has held up equally.  Fit is quite different, though.  The Bonobos fit me perfectly all over (thighs, calves, waist, butt) but  the BRs end up with a bit of droopy butt at the end of the day.  I only paid $30-something for the BRs, and twice that for the Bonobos, but I won't be buying any more BRs.  .If I had a squatter's butt maybe the BRs would fit better.
All else being equal (cost, color, etc), Epaulet or Bonobos? I asked this in Simple Questions yesterday, and got one vote for Epaulet. Thoughts? 
Epaulet all the way. That is not even a comparison.
Thanks, great advice.  I think I'll buy the BRs just to try them on, because I do squat, but I'm not huge.  Worst case scenario I just return them after I compare.
That much better, huh? I had heard they were good, I didn't know they were decidedly better. I thought Bonobos would be pretty darn on par. .EDIT: I guess epaulet is almost 2x the cost though. 
I've handled both, and I was a little disappointed by Bonobos quality. It's good, but it's not as good as I would expect for their listed MSRP. Part of the Bonobos cost markup is their free shipping and easy (and yearlong) returns. Epaulet rivet chinos run about $135, but you're paying for the quality of the item. Both companies have great customer service though. It just depends on what you want/need.
Yeah, the rivet chinos were the ones I was looking at. I'm looking for a step up from my Dockers, basically. Any idea on their fit (either the bonobos or the Epaulet)? I'm in D1 30 waist dockers right now. The thigh is a bit tight for me (cyclist legs), but the waist is good. Should they have even a touch more room in the thigh?
I'm not as sure about Epaulet fit. I've handled them, but have not gotten to try them on myself for fit. For comparison, I find that the Bonobos slim straight fits similarly to 511s or to a Dockers Alpha with a slightly trimmer seat. They're probably a little larger in the seat/thighs than the D1s, because I've heard the D1 is pretty slim there. I'm probably going to get some Epaulet rivet chinos myself in a few weeks, so I would know more then.
Alright, thanks very much. I'll try to remember to shoot you a message and ask about them, thanks much. Hopefully you're right @ larger in the thighs. I can't imagine them being much smaller. O_O
I'm not a hugely thighed man (23") but for me a Bonobos 33 slim straight fit pretty well (I usually wear a tag size 34). Email Bonobos and ask for some measurements, they have great CS. I'd give you them myself, but I ended up returning them because I wasn't satisfied with their quality for the price.
Yeah, quality for money is huge for me. I'll pay way more objectively for an item if I think the quality is there (3Sixteen+), but I hate overpaying compared to the worth of an item. Point taken. .Yeah, I'll shoot them a message. I'm almost 21.5. Not objectively huge, but clothiers seem to think that if you wear a 30, you're rail thin all around. Close, but not quite, lol. 
Emailing them is definitely the best choice. Plus, you can always order something and return it if you don't like it (free return shipping).

i don't own bonobos chinos, but i'm satisfied with the ones i have from br. ended up spending <$20 since they were clearance and i've had no trouble with them for the ~6 months i've regularly worn them.
Thanks.  I bought a pair of Gavin chinos on clearance for $8 thinking I could just tailor them myself but I guess you need a special machine for it, or at least a more heavy-duty one.  I do like the feel..I think what I'm going to do is order the BR chinos, buy the Bonobos ones in store, try them both out, and just bring back the ones I don't want.

But they do sell them in Nordstroms.
How would J Crew or Uniqlo compare with Bonobos chinos?
I own a pair of BR Emerson chinos and a pair of Bonobos washed chinos.  I my opinion, the quality of Bonobos far exceeds that of Banana Republic. .From a distance they . (BR on left, Bonobos on right), but the fabric of the Bonobos is superior, the . outstrips that of BR, and the . really sends it over the top for me.  Here is another shot of how the lining adds a little ...Both fit well and BR Emerson is not a bad set of chinos, but I would pay the extra for the Bonobos any day if I had the money. .Of Note: Bonobos currently has a sale section with a number of their pants are marked down to $48.  You can use the code Extra25 to get that down to $36..Hope this helps..Edit: English
Thanks, I appreciate it.  I do need the pants sooner rather than later, and I really like the Oxleys in grey but unfortunately they don't have my size.  Do you know if I'd be able to return it in store for my size?
they don't have any of their own brick and mortar stores, but they recently started showing up in Nordstrom's around the country. A list of which ones are ..  
If you buy them from Nordstrom, their return policy is extremely accommodating. You can absolutely return an online purchase to a brick and mortar location. Whether you will find them in your size in store is a different question. They do have the ability to locate items between stores and transfer them. I think it's free too, but might not be super quick if you are needing them right away.
Never had to do a return, but I do know their return policy is very forgiving (free return shipping, 1 year to make the exchange).  It does say on their site that you can return items to their brick and mortar locations, so it would seem you should be able to.
Do  Bonobos fit true to size?
My 34/32s Measure 31.5" down the inseam, although if I recall correctly they shrunk a little after first wash and dry.  They aren't meant to be worn at the true waist so the waist measurement is not 34".  .I can say that I wear 34/32 in almost everything and they are spot on for fit: not baggy, but not constricting either.
would you recommend to get a 33 if you're a 32 to account for shrinkage?.thank you, sir.
I wouldn't. You might end up with more break than you bargained for, unless that is the look you want. To give you an idea, . is where the 32s hit me. I measure 32" to the bottom of the ankle almost exactly.
Even if you have a big Adams apple due to being skinny, it could be your posture that accentuates it. You should also eat more. Metabolism can only account for 200 calories. You're not eating enough. 
This is the kind of thing that you notice way more than anyone else will.
My ex loved a pronounced Adam's apple. .Found a thread on "AskWomen". .. .In summary, most of them have never noticed/considered it before, 2 of them don't like pronounced/big ones, and 3 of them love pronounced/big ones. 
Honestly man, I'm thin as hell, but the last thing I've ever thought about is my Adam's apple. .There's nothing that's going to cover your Adam's apple. Anything you try to wear in an effort to "minimize" it might actually draw even MORE attention to your Adam's apple. .I guess the only thing I've ever done with my neck is pop the collar on my denim jacket. 
navy is the traditional color for a sports coat. . can help more.
a classic combination is a traditional blazer. navy with brass buttons with yellow wool slacks or khakis. this, paired with gray slacks will work as well..an unstructured navy cotton sportcoat is good for spring/summer, and a brown or gray tweed wool is nice for fall/winter for seasonal things.
Yellow wool slacks?...
The first and most versatile will be a navy wool blazer. The second would be a gray or brown tweed. After that, you can think about cotton or linen, patterns, etc.
Any idea where to find a brown tweed sportcoat that isn't cut like a sack? It's definitely on my list for fall. 
Do you have any certain brands you recommend for a nice navy or tweed blazer?
The range is incredibly broad, but Brooks Brothers makes the quintessential navy blazer, and most tweed coats made of Harris tweed will be a good bet.
The internet. 
 is all i could find. i guess that colorways all sold out right now or not in stock
They are sold at some skate shops, they are very nice shoes, I have a pair.

The maroon colorway is very limited. You would probably be better off finding something similar or a diffrent colorway. 
No..Order RWs online if there's no store nearby.
Thank you.
as usual, i'll recommend reading the ...however, i will suggest getting hiking boots like from danner, diemme or viberg. they should work for your trip and can look very good in more casual outfits. however, i dont think they could work as well for dressing up depending on what you mean by that, seeing as how shoes for "dressing up" and for hiking/working/casual wear are very different in function
Ah yes, I was a bit vague in that regard. I suppose dressing up is no more than business casual, if that. Certainly no suits, but I try to dress as best as I can.
alright, in that case hiking boots /can/ work but everything else in the outfit has to be just about flawless. id still advise just getting two different pairs of shoes/boots, one for this hike/casual wear and a pair of dress shoes like wingtips for business casual, but thats up to you and your budget
That might be my best option, but thanks for your input! Certainly useful either way!
Those look like they can go with any chino that's not that exact color. As far as jeans go, darker washes would look good. 
they're casual brown leather shoes. Just about whatever you want, except brown pants.
Wow those are nice!.I'd say they'd go with any jeans really, and most chinos, as long as the chinos aren't that color or close to. 
a nice pair of raw denim should look nice with those boots.
Amazon. Maybe eBay.
Sunglass Hut is, I believe, one of Luxottica's retail faces (Luxottica being the shadowy OP sunnies monopolymore on this below). And yeah, a lot of their stuff is overpriced because they license the naming/brand rights from big fashion houses like Armani, D&G, Pradaand presumably they have some control over the pricing for those as well as their in-house brands (Oliver Peoples, Ray-Ban, Persol). If you've found those prices unreasonable, probably branching out to non-Luxottica brands is a good idea?.(I will add, thoughget friendly with the SAs at Sunglass Hut and try to talk to them about when sales are gonna be held, or go to similar chain sunglasses/glasses stores and do the same. Not sure how the retail cycle works for sunglasses, but at some point they'll have markdowns or discounts that may push things to a reasonable price for you.). makes affordable ($100ish) sunnies, and you can get free try-on samples sent to your home. They also do that "buy one and we donate one" gig. A few of their styles are quite similar to wayfarers, e.g. the ., ., ., and ... is a cool Australian brand that hovers around $60ish AUDthey're not quite as classic in style, but I thought I'd throw them out there since I feel bad writing a long post essentially to just say "Warby Parker!" and because they may be of interest to other MFAers. Lots of really cool/modern angular/sleek styles..I'd also recommend setting up some . for particular name brands & colourways you're interested in, perhaps setting a maximum price cap as welland then have Ebay email you when new items pop up matching that search and your desired price range. I firmly believe that with patience and time you'll almost never need to pay MSRP for name-brand stuff. Even for popular brands/styles like the wayfarers, you should be able to chop at least 30% off the retail price! .. If you're insistent on particular designer brands and styles, . do this!.: I feel the need to point out that Luxottica's not the only sunglasses monopoly in townthey're just the one that everyone seems to be pointing out. When you combine . and . there are hardly any indie sunglasses brands left. If anyone's interested, ..
Go to your local optometrist! I'm pretty sure they sell sunglasses there. I mean, speaking from experience, I got my prescription New Wayfarers from my uncle who owns a shop. 
amazon sell american optical sunglasses for a reasonable prices:
sunglass hut is owned by luxxotica (who makes everything sunglass hut carries) fyi
I went to a sunglass hut outlet recently and they had lots of good stuff for 50% off. 
Even on Amazon, you have to be a bit careful of fakes, but you can sometimes find discounts as high as 50% there 
Craigslist.. Got my $130 ray bans for $40 bucks
ebay, bst. watch out for sales too
Warby Parker is also a good alternative, if you're not insistent on having something "classic." It should be mentioned that all of Sunglasses Hut's products are manufactured and sold by the same parent company, Luxotica.
Normally they are real if the seller is listed as amazon.com
Definitely not Sunglass hut?
Just compare prices, man. It's not like Sunglass Hut is going to have fakes, the product is fine and markdowns are possible. My current glasses, which I purchaed at Sunglass Hut, were $60 marked down from $150 because of some tricky discount stacking with Macy's. But Ray Bans are usually available through Amazon for $90-$100 without a whole lot of trouble.
Hautelook on sale. I got some $480 Fendi's for $85 with shipping included a few weeks ago.
You could try Solstice.  
Why do people like Warby Parker so much? Their quality is OK and their price is marginally lower than the sticker price of Raybans..But, you can often find Raybans for around $70 which puts them lower than Warby Parker.
because they are not luxotica and the . types hate luxotica
I prefer them because they're a glasses brand free of the general monopoly, but that's just me. Also I think Raybans are flimsy as shit.
Flimsy...? My Wayfarers are solid and significantly higher quality than the Warby Parker sunglasses..I order the try-on at home set and they were way worse than Raybans..If you buy them just because they aren't part of the monopoly, you are still contributing to a bad system because Warby Parker should be selling at a much cheaper price.
this is true but that is also not where you can get the best prices...there are  legitimate resellers using amazon giving substantial discounts, but there are also frauds. 
Good luck as I am a closet vest afficianado as well..eBay:  Is a real pain to find vests on as good ones are lost in a sea of motorcycle and safety vests..eBay (UK version):  Is a little easier as they have a dedicated waistcoat category..Orvis.com has a few nice ones but they tend to lean towards tweed(ish) ones.  I got two on ctshirts.com that are 100% wool on sale for like $40 each and that's the cheapest I've ever seen for a quality 100% wool vest though I'm still looking for some in non-traditional colors like yellow without going to a "prom store" and getting a tacky polyester/satin vest.
This is really not something you ought to include in your wardrobe - a waistcoat worn outside of the standard three-piece suit is almost inevitably a bit of a fashion disaster. It's a very formal piece thrown at an outfit that simply doesn't support it. Dressing up is not the same as dressing well and likewise throwing bits of formality onto other outfits is rarely the path to coherent dress. It's a very tempting approach, especially when first starting out, but ultimately a flawed enterprise..The first waistcoat you list is a prime example - it's based on the traditional waistcoats worn with morning dress in the UK. Double breasted in buff yellow. Morning dress is the daytime equivalent of a . and is only worn to weddings. Much as wearing a shawl lapel dinner jacket over jeans would look ridiculous, wearing a double breasted buff waistcoat with a shirt and trousers will look out of place..Hope this helps.
While I appreciate you taking the time to reply to me, I would prefer an answer to the question I posted, rather than one dismissing the fashion decisions I have made. .A shawl lapel is for informal attire, so it wouldn't be worn with a a Morning Jacket, even if this company is selling it as such. Double breasted waistcoats are also more informal. Yes it would look out of place with jeans, but that is because jeans are meant to be a durable fabric for manual labor.  It would be entirely appropriate to wear one without a jacket. The point is not to dress down formality, but to dress up informality. .Waistcoats are not  by necessity "very formal" any more than a brown derby brogue shoe. A waistcoat in itself is entirely appropriate in a non formal setting, as is the aforementioned shoe style which is still much misappropriated towards more formal use than is traditional.  Yes waistcoats are used in formal attire, but that does not mean all waistcoats are formal. .Thank you for taking the time to reply. If you have any recommendations on where I can find good quality waistcoats at an affordable price, I'd love to hear from you..best,.Carinus. 
Best to define what "affordable" means to you and what geographic region you're looking for suggestions..Shawl lapels are not a feature of informal attire but common in both formal dinner jackets and morning dress waistcoats. Double-breasted waistcoats for morning dress feature either peak or shawl lapels. Nice examples of double-breasted waistcoats in this context: ., ...Not all waistcoats are formal by any means, but the ones you're looking at are. If you want to wear one casually then a more . is a good way to go - thick, rough woollen textiles and earthy colours. Worsted or gabardine wools are not going to gel easily outside of a suit.
Thank you for the link!.I've been looking at some things like that. to answer your question on money, something less than $200 dollars would be alright, including tailoring costs to get it to fit right. I'm located in the D.C. area. I still like the examples I gave, I think with the right outfit they can work well for daily wear, especially if one has a nice matching jacket to fall back on. .As long as we're enjoying debating the finer points of sartorial philosophy, I would argue that the shawl lapel is meant for relaxed wear, but has evolved to fill more formal roles; just like the tuxedo went from just the jacket for an informal dinner, to the standard for all formal events. I think that the slightly more formal type of attire stands out in a good way, as long as it matches the rest of the ensemble and you can wear it in a relaxed and confident way. People should never pass up the opportunity to dress well. 
A matching jacket would be the wrong way to go - for an odd waistcoat to work it'd have to be in a distinct shade and colour to that of the jacket..Indeed the tuxedo was originally the shamefully informal cousin to the Proper dress coats but I don't think it's fair to say the same of shawl collars. They've been a feature (of cyclical popularity) of dress coats and waistcoats since the early Victorian period and to my understanding have never indicated a lower level of formality or appropriateness. It could be considered indicative that lounge suits (the ones we wear today for business/occasions) were originally designed as relaxed weekend/casual wear and yet have never featured shawl lapels. Today the lapels certainly have no such connotations and are the reserve of "formal" wear only.
I certainly didn't mean that comely green waistcoat I was looking at should have a green jacket to accompany, that would be scary enough to scar the children. In my mind I was thinking about one of my darker tweed jackets. .That's a fair point with the collar. To me the relaxed image of a shawl collar with it's rounder edges seem to be more appropriate for non formal wear where you want to give the psychological impression of a softer presence. whereas a peaked collar accentuates a person's height and makes the shoulders seem broader; something perfect for formal attire..Once again if you have any good ideas on how to find these items, I'd be very enthusiastic to read them.  
anything preppy aka pastels seersucker madras
White, grey, navy, and various shades of blue work best with the red. Button downs and polos will give you a nice preppy look. .As for the blue shorts, white and pink OCBDs are what comes to mind first. Also very preppy looking. 
Old brooks bros. shirt.Old billabong shorts.Spanish Brand Pikolinos shoes.Cadence watch.
Dress shirt disco collars are out of order here and the sleeve cuff isn't make things better..Not a fan of the bicycle stitching on the loafers either
Sorry can you elaborate on what a disco collar is and why it's out of place?.Thanks for the feedback! I actually ended up rolling the sleeves differently for the rest of the night. 
It's the . on your shirt.

I think it all fits great. Especially the long sleeve polo - well done there. Folks are going to tell you to unroll your cuffs a bit though.
Thanks! My first WAYWT post! :D.I can definitely unroll them more, but they have these button things at the end of the sleeve that hook into tabs on the sleeve. This is the "default" roll if I want to button it. 
Miscommunication. I mean your pant rolls. Shirt sleeves are fine.
Gotcha. Will do!
[deleted]
Take my input with a grain of salt as I'm pretty new here as well. But the shorts look like they're a tad too long on you. 
Casual day, packing for vacation and going to a concert later today.
Sorry for the shitty picture, any opinions on the top? Picked it up from the goodwill and thought it looked okay.
First post. I've been lurking for months. Made big changes, not 100% comfortable yet, I tried to buy a new wardrobe with the advice I have received. Im about to leave for a mid day date followed by a nice summer birthday party. Will either of theses do the trick? I have extremely thick skin so please comment freely I want to learn..Vans Shoes
Warby Parker Aldous
Mission belt
F.U.S.A.I.
Varying H&M Shirts
Flip your pictures, the first one is better than the second, socks are unnecessary. 

Wore some polos this week for work. 
Shorts might be a bit long
yeah, i think so too, but they're some of my older ones when I was transferring over from high school cargo shorts 

thanks for the response and feedback man. .as for the second one, they're awkward poses so that might be contributing. My hand in the pocket could well have been pulling my pants further down than normal. I'll admit the polo might be too short for formal settings, but when I'm just standing I think it's fine casually.
Just got my UNIQLO hoodie, and anticipating fall. A bit chillier in SoCal the past few days. .UNIQLO zip-up hoodie black.Levi's denim trucker vest bull.Hanes white V-neck undershit.Levi's 510s rigid .Vans Authentics off-white.Ask me if I missed out on leg day. 
inseam on jeans looks short in an unintentional way. cuffing might alleviate this problem to a certain degree.not a fan of the denim trucker over black though, if you're going for that look heather gray might be a better choice
The inseam is so wrong, I'm really pissed off but there's nothing I can do. It's 28x30, but holding the pair I'm wearing up against a pair of black 510s in 28x30 reveal that one is at least an inch and a half shorter than the other. .Mind you, I do cold wash and hang dry only for my pants. 
totally know what you mean. Levis main line QC sucks ass

I've heard that these shoes aren't great, but they're all I've got to go with shorts at the moment. What do you guys think of the socks? I have pretty wide hips and I feel like they help to de-emphasize that aspect of my proportions. 
I have no idea how old you are but the shoes and socks give it a juvenile feel.  The socks do more damage to the look than they could ever do positively to help your proportions.  You're dressed for summer, there's no need to wear high black socks.  It's not adding anything.  That said, your shirt and shorts look like they fit pretty well.

Mid calf socks are way too bro-y and they don't do anything for your proportions. Either go no socks or get some no shows. Not really a fan of the shoes either. Some white sneakers like Jack Purcells would look nice. 

 .Don't know why my shirt got crinkled like that. I fixed it after I saw the picture
The shorts look really big. Makes you look disproportionate and gives you a weird body shape. 
I thought we were all gonna do this today? I'm moderately disappointed.
Shirt too dark 2/10 would not uniform 3.0

I was just kidding, but actually, yeah that does look better.
That works better
sperry's/gap/obey/glenn cronkhite case.shorts are navy if you can't tell, lighting's kind of strange. did my best to show it.
Your beard and hair makes your face look long, like a horse. You should crop it

Normally I don't care about blurring, but the weird face I was making took away from the fit. Shirt is a little long, and the shoe tongue is showing. Oh well. . shot of the 00 Oxford.
fit is super cool.shirt is awesome
dope.close up of tattoo?

shirt is so fuckin cool

I know it's all kinda wrinkled, didn't plan on going out but had errands to run.
Wrinkles look okay really given the outfit, but lose the visible undershirt and roll up them sleeves. 
Shorts look like they fit fine. T-shirt from what i can tell firts fine also, but that shirt is at least a size, maybe 2 sizes too big. lose that shit. 

i like the plum shorts.
How is the fit? Shorts too large?
I think the shorts are fine, just a little long [or too high rise?] (maybe your tshirt is just short?). I think that a lighter pastel or even white tshirt would compliment the bright red shorts instead. 
Yeah white t-shirt would be better. Thank you!
This was my outfit of choice for a night out in Fort Collins, CO back in April: .Breakdown:
-Sunglasses - RayBan tortoise
-Blazer - Pietro Sabatini ($7 courtesy of Goodwill)
-Shirt - Old Navy ($4 courtesy of Goodwill
-Bracelet - handmade by a panhandler in Italy
-Denim - 3Sixteen Shadow Selvedge slim tapered
-Shoes - Steve Madden Bruklyn

Bit too much length in those trousers and a lower-rise would work better for the look you're going for.
Yup I know, they definitely need a hemming. That's the problem with my height, if I buy anything in fashion I usually have to alter it.
It was rainy today .Uniqlo ocbd, levis, redwings
Sorry for the poor lighting. Any opinions on the jacket?
Where'd you get that jacket?
Jacket's got to go I'm afraid, as does the visible undershirt
Thanks. I am looking for a decent light jacket. That's pretty much all I have for the rain. Usually in uniform when it is crappy out so never really had a need for one. It's all still a learning experience. Appreciate your guys help.
Ugly Chelsea jacket. Needs more red and has to have a bird on it. (I like Liverpool)
I am torn between upvote for comment with advice and downvote for liverpool fan. Upvote anyways.
Thanks man. You too. 
save it for Stamford Bridge

That's a badass coat. It isn't a modern fit and I think that's what makes it even cooler. You look like someone out of a completely different era.
Yesterday's colors looks good, not sure about length or shoulder fit..Today's coat is too long. It's also extremely overpowering. If you want to use a loud pattern like that try to layer it under things, so that less is seen. The coat is too big a part of the outfit to use such a powerful pattern.
Belt should match the shoes, can't tell if they do from the photo. Brown belt and gold buckle if brown shoes, black belt and silver / steel buckle if black shoes..Pants look baggy around the thigh, that may be from the photo though. Pants can be a little longer as well..I think you should wear socks with this, black, blue or patterned(? I'm unfamiliar with a work environment so maybe seek info elsewhere).
Casual day at work .-spread collar hugo boss
-dark gray j crew chinos
-magli from nordstrom rack
Shirt's very baggy in the waist and pulling at the chest/shoulders..The big spread collar flaring out isn't a good look and neither very professional or casual..Those shoes are pretty unfortunate looking I'm afraid with the square toes, bicycle stitching and cheap looking leather. A replacement would go a long way. Dark brown would look better than black for this particular outfit..It may just be the high camera angle but trousers with a higher rise would probably suit you (not necessarily more).

haha stop flexing your quads, your knees look inverted.
really really dislike the placket on that shirt. sleeves are also not my favorite.
First post here, relatively new to this whole "clothes that fit you" thing. 
Trying out some new colours today. .Incoming crappy mirror shots!
Lose the tie, fix sleeve roll on shirt (look at hooplahs guide), and untuck the shirt, change to some white sneaks or something and you got a clean fit. .Shirt and pants both fit well. 
Ditch the tie unless you're gonna wear a jacket over it.  There's a clash of formality as well.  with the lower half being so casual, the tie seems out of place. 
The shirt still looks a bit wide in the shoulders, and you could probably military tuck the shirt for a more fitted look down below.  .Also, are the sleeves really baggy or is it more the angle?.I like the shoes, do you have any detail shots of them?
yeah, I've made peace with the shoulders being where they are though. I'm still a beginner with tailoring as a hobby and I'm not confident enough to tackle the shoulders of a shirt yet. It appears to just be the angle on the sleeves as well. 
It was a very strangely shaped shirt before I went at it the other day. While not the best fit, it's now something I'd consider actually wearing in public again.
Saving money is good! keep up that hobby though it will be very useful.
I intend to! I've got a whole closet full of ill fitting shirts from high school that I intend to rescue. It'll be like having a whole new wardrobe when I'm done. 
I need to pick that up.  How did you start learning?
just googling tutorials and finding a cheap sewing machine really. Having a bunch of really cheap shirts to practice on helps as well.
I was feeling iffy about the tie when I put on before work. Thanks for confirming my suspicions.
General rule is no blazer/jacket no tie. 
'pologies for the shitty mirror pics.

Uniqlo, N&F, Vans.Levi, Uniqlo, JCrew, Daltons
untuck the shirt untuck the shirt untuck the shirt
judging from the bathroom i'm gonna guess it's a work fit
Been digging the button up + shorts combo lately. .H&M shirt + Gap Khaki shorts + Vans cordouray .Can anyone recommend a more casual button up I can wear in this fit? 
Needs a slimmer shirt, preferably an OCBD(circlejerk, but it works). The shirt from H&M feels more like a dress shirt because I feel that it is way too long to be casual
take a look at . and then start begging for more overtime to pay for it all.
yeah, i totally agree. Been looking for a more casual shirt to wear with a pair of shorts like these. do you know of any OCBD's that are similar in quality and price as Uniqlo? They don't ship to Canada unfortunately 
I think somebody said the ocbd's from jcp(stafford) were alright. They are slim and were 25 dollars a piece I believe. I don't own one, or a uniqlo one(I really need to buy more stuff, been lurking in the subs) so I can't tell you how good the quality is
you talking about these? 
Yeah I think so
It's apparently post your blazer day on WAYWT!  I'm in. .I had about 10 minutes notice and had to change from my suit to biz casual for a site visit to a construction area.  Hot, humid, and no HVAC running.  Luckily I had just yesterday received a Linen blazer from Uniqlo (they're on sale for $30 right now. .I go biz casual to work maybe 5 times a year, so it's fun for me.  I was so rushed I forgot a pocket square!  I wanted to be cool in the heat but still needed to project some level of authority.  .Sorry bout the quality, just snapped these on the phone. .Linen-Cotton Uniqlo Blazer.100% Linen shirt from CK.John Varvatos U.S.A. Chinos.Walnut Strands (Look kinda cool with the construction dust on them). 
How do you like the blazer? I toyed with the idea of getting one in a loud color cuz, for $30 bucks, why not?.Your "Indrid Pose" needs work :]
For some reason I hate blazers like this. It doesn't look clean at all to me.
I like the blazer a lot.  It's completely unstructured, but the fit seems like a decent slim.  I'm 6'0 167 and the medium is right on me.  I already have a classic navy, but I couldn't resist getting a lightweight buck for so cheap..Yeah I couldn't figure out how you get that pose to look good.  It is way harder than it looks.  How far in front of you do you hold the camera?  I need to try with an actual camera (as opposed to a phone) and see if that helps.  
What's your sleeve measurement, if you don't mind my asking? I've read that these have unusually long arms to them.
I would agree entirely that these have unusually long arms.  I have longer arms than usual for my jacket size, so when I buy a suit jacket I need to either get the sleeves let out of a regular size, or have them brought in about halfway from a long.  This blazer the sleeves are maybe a hair too long, which almost never happens.  .Not sure if I'll hem the sleeves or not yet.  It's a $30 linen blazer. .My dress shirt sleeve size is 34, I can't buy dress shirts off the rack because that is longer than typical for my neck size.
Decided to pick one up just now. Thanks for taking my questions :]
Alrighty then - I'm also a 34" sleeve so that's good to know.
 ;)
this is cool. vans, cargos, and chambray all tangent off the norm in a uniform way
asos/asos/clarks
I think I just like dressing like a little kid at this point
nice
a Ben Sherman bomber jacket $60 .Blaq shirt $15.urban supply jeans $20
The bomber looks a little large in the shoulders, but it may just be the photo..Shirt looks good (and makes you look like a Barcelona fan), but it's a teensy bit short. It looks great under layers though..Pants fit, they're maybe a little too close in color to the bomber. A lighter color chino (lighter khaki) would look great with this fit.
Yeah I noticed the shirt was a bit short recently grown out I most of my shirts :(
I have t got any chinos but will most definitely get some now!
The jacket is a little odd fitting which is unfortunate, I always put that down to it being a bomber. Do you think it's worth taking it to a tailor to get it adjusted?.Thanks for the advice mate I appreciate the help
Trying to be a little more fashion conscious these days so all the advice helps :)
If the shoulders fit you, then keep. Length is more variable with jackets in general. If the fit of the shoulders is off enough that it makes you uncomfortable (I personally get self conscious when I wear clothing that doesn't fit my shoulders) then take it to a tailor (though I'm not sure shoulders are adjustable). Otherwise, the bomber looks good.
yeah its amazing what nice clothes can do for your self confidence in both ways.
the jacket is an unusual cut and that might be why it looks large personally i think it fits well but others opinions are just as important. thanks for the advice man 
enjoy!
Jeans day at work. I'm a bit of a bigger guy, and I know most people on here are thinner, but these damn pants fit so nice. .Lucky jeans from Burlington, $30.Button down, I think it's from Macy's or something. I dunno,my mom bought it for me cuz I got a new job. .Ashton grey shoes, $60 at dsw. 
Needs different shoes pretty badly although the colour looks blacker in the photo than i imagine it does in real life..Shirt's a bit on the dressy side for jeans with the sheen and the spread collar. It needs ironing (and probably a first wash) pretty badly..If your undershirt is visible between the collars I'd rectify that with a v-neck undershirt.


awkward arm alert..United dry stock/OnixNF/cdbs/awkward arm
crappy phone picture
Shirt is a teensy bit too large in the shoulders; not noticeable enough to not wear the shirt, though. Top two buttons should be unbuttoned, can't tell from the photo (camera blocks it)..The sleeve roll looks sloppy (scrunched up isn't what you want for the roll). Try . or .. For the first method make sure you don't show too much cuff..You can make the pant roll once more, I think it would look better. Alternately don't roll the pants at all (but try rolling it once more first!).
thanks for info on the sleeve rolls
Just hanging out with some friends for the day.J. Crew - lightweight garment dyed shirt
           - 7 in. essential chinos in stone.Cole Haan loafers 
I dig those loafers man
I'm with ryanxedge, I dig the loafers; but there's a lot of RED here..Is it the indoor incandescents adding some warmth to the shoes?
Yea I think so. It's not very natural lighting 
I think that the red's too saturated, and the loafers look meh.
Casual work clothes..Tucked/untucked? Also should I avoid cuffs here? .Sorry for disjointed photos.
Untucked.
I think polos shouldn't be tucked.
Costa Del Mar Cuts.T shirt I bought from a camp a few weeks back "Hope Lives, Anchored In Truth" , the only size they had was large and I'm a medium so I rolled the sleeves up one. .Izod Salt waters.Invicta Grand Diver.Clark's Driver, unspecified .And the belt is from Guess, it's over 5 years old, my dad gave it to me. 
testing out leggings and shorts, not sure if I like. I realize I need a new white tee too, this one is nearing the end of it's life. Second opinion anyone?
leggings and raf holo velcros look incongruous.some kind of trainer will look better

this fit is incoherent, like the safe picks with this outfit would be something like flyknits or roshes but the raf's don't work here, esp not with leggings and nike shorts
Rain
Sure I will post today..Details.BoO/W+H/Viberg.No Idea/Gap/Quoddy
r those quoddys white?
light suede
they don't really fit the outfit. i wouldn't think light suede boat shoes would fit any outfit, though.
Not boat shoes, no leather lace around ankle. three eyelet blucher mocs with camp sole
ohhhhh gotcha

Glad to finally see some of your pictures. I . those Vibergs. 
been a while

Work suit. 
Tallia black suit in a charcoal
Blue and orange shirt by egara
Tie by egara
Shoes allen edmonds van ness cap toes in chili. full view. shirt close up
i'm not crazy about the pattern tie on pattern shirt. It's check overload upclose, but if i saw it in person from across the table it might not clash. btw, your slacks look way too full through your thighs and seat. How's the fit on the jacket? It seems a tad oversized based on your face & frame?
I have thick thighs and hips so when i sit its almost too light but it also affect by jacket measurements i measure at 43 overarm 37 chest 35 waist and 40 hip so when I get a paired suit i have to get a 40 for a drop where the paints fit and it doesn't pull on my hips. 
I hate it..I felt the same about the shirt but i have gotten a lot of compliments on the pairing. It helps that the tie is a little bolder than the color of the shirt.
Jack Spade, Tommy Hilfiger, Sperry 

I get what the other commenter is saying about the shirt, but I really like this. Rugby shirts don't need to be form fitting, and this outfit looks really comfy. Nice job. 
Yeah it's a little looser than I'd wear most shirts but I wouldn't want this shirt to be any tighter. It's sort of a rougher material so I am wearing it a bit like a sweatshirt, like that guy said. 
Isn't it always cloudy in Seattle?
A bit late for prom pics but here you go:. - I decided to opt for a grey tuxedo instead of the standard black suit every guy was going to wear. I was planning to wear a nice . that I bought, but I lost it the day of. Instead, I went with the backup bow tie and pocket square.. - Here you can see how it fit without me posing.
I can't decide if I'm a fan of the grey tux or not. You don't mess with classics, ya know?.Anyways, looks good. I'm sure compared to everyone else in high school you looked outstanding. Only recommendation I'd make is that if you wear a colorful tie with a tux, you should wear a matching cummerbund instead of a vest.
I dunno, matching cummerbund says "rental" to me, since it's such a wedding party trope. I dig the single accent piece here.
Haha yeah grey was a bold move, but I knew that in a crowd of poorly fitted black suits I wanted to stand out. .As for the cummerbund, I have absolutely no idea where to get one. The tuxedo store had a poor selection of bow ties and vests with really tacky colours and patterns, I just took the ones that wouldn't clash with what I was wearing. Thank you for the advice, I'll remember that for future occasions where a tux is needed.
You can buy matching cummerbunds and bow ties online at various retailers..You may be interested to know that any bow tie with a tux that isn't black is considered a very southern preppy thing to do, regardless of where you're at. It's just something that gets associated with the style and the region automatically. It's even discussed in the preppy guide on the sidebar. If you're okay with that then by all means  go for it!
Absolutely not. Your cummerbund should always match your tie. See the "preppy" guide on the sidebar, especially the "southern preppy" part.
Didn't realize that was a southern preppy thing. I'm about as far from southern as you can get, in Toronto. :).That said, I'm not sure if I'm wrong (probably) or if we're talking about different things (probably not)..First: No argument that if you're wearing a cummerbund it should match your tie..But in this fit: I dig the not-black tie for a grey prom tux with no cummerbund, and I think the advice that if you're wearing a not-black tie you should have a cummerbund is too strict.
Sorry for the douchey angle.
xpost .: uniqlo, asos, individual sentiments, nb's
That camera angle is super messed up.  You should show some pants details too.  Not sure why, feel like the IS are too... not fitting for that outfit.  Or at least not shown to it's fullest potential.
Hopefully this isn't too late..Bought Monitaly bowtie print shirt and shorts because they were discounted like crazy and it's one of my favorite brands: .Here's the shirt in today's fit:., I swear I'll post a fit with other shoes soon..Also got a 
that's a really hideous shirt. It's tacky & garish.
Is that good hideous, tacky, and garish or bad hideous, tacky, and garish?

I envy your haircut.
Shirt is cool but I'm not a fan of the shorts.
I agree with wip30ut, 1991 wants their fabric back. Those Baldwin's are amazing though.
Why didnt you wear them together?


Woah, did a double take there. Never thought I'd see 'Skechers' uttered in MFA but the picture sure tricked me..Do you like them? How's the quality?
what fabric is the qlo?
No joke... they're super comfortable. Almost no break in period. They're basically a complete replica of the Lunargrands, but a step down in quality, naturally. I recommend them for the price (70 bucks)!
Chambray! I should have mentioned that originally. Great shirts, btw.
that shirt looks really tight 
logo kinda fucks up all those tees imo
yeah just shoop it out with ur eyes
if that said nbhd u wouldn't be saying that! .checkmate.
never said logos in general lol
also yellow is kinda jarring
Dont tuck in a tshirt.
Don't tell me what to do. 
Dont tell me not to tell you what to do.
i think you should size up on your shirt
decent basics. i'd ditch the track jacket though. it looks very . 
Currently looking for a better jacket. It's the only light one I have. I do usually get Russian/ Italian mobster.  
I like the jacket. Always nice to rep your team once in a while
Thanks man. I appreciate it. 
My outfit from yesterday. I was feeling kind of down, so I decided to wear floral. Floral makes me happier. My mom's need to question my sexuality did not..Sigh. I'm so ready to leave for college.

I like that  Shirt can you link?> JCP/Merona/Mossimo/Timex
There's only large and up right now. But 
Dope shirt. Unfortunately I'm a medium
She can question whatever she wants man, but I think that fit is pretty damn heterosexual.
its JCP but i don't see it in the online store, I was there last week and there was tons of them. Check your local jcp
H&M | Scotch & Soda | Sperry's.This was from the other day on my day off.
Awesome fit.


very refreshing watchband
Digging that watchband.


Fits well
b0ring

MFA Uniform 3.0, dude.
like 10 people posted this fit today, that's why its boring lol

You have a great talent for making expensive pieces look cheap.
what are you talking about? lands end canvas is super affordable.
I think it's partially your camera and partially how you wear your clothes but every time I see a fit of yours I think you're wearing gap and vans and then I read what brands you're wearing and one or two pieces are nice shit but it looks very plain in your pics.
what's wrong with wearing gap and vans?
I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
word. i like the idea of posting a fit without any brand mentions, maybe i'll try that next time.
shirt seems really tight on you
 Looking for a bit of feedback as well, as I won't be around tonight.
Where is the shirt from?
I see a lot of people with that fit, and I've been wondering forever. Do you have to be tall or does everybody hem their shirts in order to have that? Also for pants, are they skinny, or just a well fitted slim?
See today's random fashion thoughts for more about this fit. It was a little tongue in cheek for my first fit, as this exact fit sort of exploded recently..As for the shirt fit, that's just where all my shirts end up falling. But then again, I'm 6'6''. The pants are what I consider a well-fitted slim. Not a fan of skinny pants myself.

J.Crew.
Take photos that show your whole body, not from strange angles.

Are those soludos? And if so where did you get them? Been looking to get a pair for me and the Gf 
Just get them from the website? With 2 pairs they're like 25$ a pair and the shipping is like 7 bucks split into 3.50$. Definitely worth it. I own a pair, probably my most comfy pair of shoes. 
Yeah, I'm just a bit weary of ordering shoes from overseas without knowing how they'll fit 
Ahh. If it helps i'm a size 10.5 in converse, 12 in keds, 10.5/11 in sperry, 12 in nike blazers and i ordered 44 in soludos. .Just giving you some common measurements. 
I am between 8 and 8.5 tts (measured on a brannock device) and my foot width is about D but I have pretty high arches. I wear 8.5D in wolverine 1000 mile, 8E in rancourt ranger mocs (same last as most AE shoes), 9D in new balances. I wear 41 in these espadrilles and they fit perfectly (really snug, but comfortably so).
From your and others comments, sounds like I'm a 43 or maybe 42. Not sure about the Gf. Guess ill have to summon FFA 
Very helpful thanks. 
And what they say about the stretching is totally true. At first i could barely fit my whole feet inside and it was super snug but it stretched out after 2 days of wear and now it's super comfy. 
can we get some deets on the shirt
koi fish + bubbles. uniqlo graphic tee that seems to be sold out 
Are you always at the beach?
this is my second beach fit? 
Yeah man. Pink shirt, tan shorts was beach too I remember.
but that's only two beach fits haha. i've only been to the beach  like 4 times in the past 2.5 months 
What's going on at the neckline?  Is that a collar?
Looks like the shadow cast by his sunglasses to me.
oh yeah I think you're right
I like what you did with the colours and espadrilles fit really nicely here.
thanks

they are; i got them on sale at J. Crew. 

needs a suit 
Feel like you need a less severe taper/no pin roll here, it looks really unbalanced with the top.
I was rolling for the sake of "MFA Uniform 3.0", but really I don't like having heavy loose donuts around my ankles, though I agree with you 100%
pinroll looked good w/ a relaxed fit but not as good here
I agree, balloons, I wore the fit without the roll anyway, I just wanted to be part of the fun.  

No garden pictures this week. I advise you not to zoom in.
Jeff is my hero
What tee are you wearing in the first?
gats are holding u back


Love the short sleeve.
would look cooler with yuketens or something
I'm sorry, those nb shoes are ugly. :(
thanks for letting me know i was always worried that these shoes were ugly but i was always on the fence about it but your comment assured me that these shoes are ugly i'll return them right now
what model nbs are those in the second fit?

fresh
Love the first shirt. Where did you get it?
walmart. seriously
Well shit. 
1 target, zara, keds.2 alternative apparel, target, topman, keds.3 poler x lifetime, target, union stock dry goods, clarks.4 alternative apparel, target, levis, keds
this might be a dumb or obvious question but what model keds are those
I really like the jeans in the 3rd fit, looked on the site but can't seem to tell what model they are.
Link to the first shorts? love them
Already answered: "I just looked through Zara's website, and they don't seem to carry them anymore. If you want to spend more time looking for them, they are called Printed Bermudas, released in the spring."

Unfortunately Zara's nomenclature is very vague. Any pair of shorts with a print is called "Printed Bermudas". 
I know but i like these just as much.
3rd fit... that jacket. I couldn't find it! Where abouts did you get it?

Thank you!

I wear 32 in Levi's/Cheap Mondays etc and I got size 30, fits perfectly fine.
edit: sorry, the link seems to be fucked up. You can find them on Blue Owl Workshop.
Thanks, I think I might pick up a pair. How does it fit in the thighs ? I have rather large ones and sizes ten to vary a lot.
They are tight in the thighs, but the 'Slight Fit' is their slimmest fit, and I sized down considerably. They make a narrow and straight leg fit; use the measurement charts on Blue Owl Workshop, they are quite helpful.
I think I'll have to compare a little then, thanks for your help !
Fit 3 and fit 4 I really like.
thanks!
Not dumb or obvious, don't worry. They are women's champion CVO. 5 bucks cheaper than the men's model, and has a better shape with only 4 lace eyelets instead of 5. I wear 10 in mens champion CVO, and ordered 11 wide in women's. Fits perfectly.
Thanks!
The shorts are so fresh. Have a link?
I just looked through Zara's website, and they don't seem to carry them anymore. If you want to spend more time looking for them, they are called Printed Bermudas, released in the spring.
tenq
Think I found ..
edit: OK I CHANGED IT UP SLIGHTY... pinrolled instead of cuffing above the ankles. and off white sneakers instead of white. 
Don't you listen to 'em don't you roll those 

you got a link to that shirt? 
no pinroll smh bruv
why not?
do you even cuff?
you son of a bitch
you call that a roll??
Where the fuck are your ankles you whore?
Chillier than it's been, finally a chance to wear my 1000ks
Dockers Alpha?

yup
thanks bud. they look good
jack&jones, uniqlo, cp's
I could imagine the grass stains creeping up on those white shoes!
field looks really incongruous
honestly, that's kind of true
Brothers/ASOS/Converse
I'd unbutton some more buttons
what color are the sneakers?
What bracelet is that?
 of it. It's sort of a braided pewter and leather bracelet in a style that's common were I live (Northern Sweden). Google tennarmband or sami bracelets if you'd like to look them up more.
Gingham looks real solid here.
White, but I've had them for a year now so they are really beaten up.
fit on everything is good, but the hairstyle is kinda tacky. I'd try pushing it more to one side rather than straight up 
I second this. The hair going straight up also stretches you out more. You already look pretty tall + rolled shorts + hair = stretched out lanky silhouette.
You should unbutton one more on your shirt
Nice try, creepy Aunt Sally!
your haircut crazy man
The sleeve cuffing is really messing with me
Because they're under the elbows. And the color contrast. But mostly the length is off. 
Today: .Brand new PF Flyers. I got them yesterday and I really like them so far. Quite comfortable..Yesterday: .One of the few graphic tees that I own. Hopefully it works here.
Mossimo's looking good!
Just wore that exact same Mossimo T today with green shorts, makes me feel like the hulk in reverse.
I really like these. Fit on everything is great.

I like the purple/green combo. I should get a purple tee.

Barney the dinosaur
The color scheme reminded me of ..


looks like an eggplant
Actually I now realize it looks like the Hulk..Edit: just realized someone else already pointes that out. 
So, random question, do you now not like the color scheme based on what someone else said? Or do you still like it? Genuinely interested more from a psychology standpoint and less of a fashion standpoint. .Due to this post alone, I will probably never be able to wear these colors together again. O well though.
I actually think it looks fine too. Its just the exact colors of an .. Sometimes nature does things right though.
Oh no I still like the combo of colors in general. Maybe less so in that exact shirt/pants combo.
Wings+Horns, Dockers, Bass

Love it. That shirt is nice as hell.
Beautiful. 

no country for old gats

Unis Gio khakis?
go for something other than a dress fabric. try a blue or white ocbd
killin it man 

Nixon Gunsmith?
It's a Nixon Sentry, wooden face, with a band I found eBay that matches the color of the shoes and belt.
No, sir. They're Gap Tailored Slim fit khaki's.
Would like to see more of the shoes 
This just goes to show that sometimes "Basic" can look amazing if the fit is right. 
Would work better with a non-white dress shirt, pale light blue for example. Or a white OCDB.
Basic, but good. Everything seems to fit well. Tattoo really adds to the look.
Shibas/JCP/ll bean
I have boxers with that same pattern and now im wishing they were a shirt too. :(
where'd you cop that shirt?
It's from the uniqlo x Michael Bastian collab but it's sold out now and probably won't be restocked. I think a lot of people from here bought them, though, so I'd check . and . so see if anyone decided that they really don't like polos after all and wants to sell theirs.
thanks
are you serious about wanting one? I've got one in medium that I only wore a few times because it doesn't fit so well.
Nah was curious for a friend. That's too small for him. Thanks tho. 
Jackman mocs?
Yep. I just got them yesterday and I really like them.
Wow, love these.  Might have to get a pair myself.  How's the sizing, say compared to Sperry's?
I sized down 1/2 from my normal size.
Shirt is very slim on you, shorts are much less so, it looks kind of unbalanced.
I agree. I need to find a tailor...
Wow! Such shibe~
More bush pants and new boots!.Hawkings McGill/W+H/W. 1k miles.
Cuffs make feet look really small
Light blue or pink ocbd would be better I think. The white is a little too formal.
I like the idea of this quite a bit but I have a few minor issues with the execution. especially the cuffing here. with your shirt sleeves, I think you should either go higher and keep the neat cuff, or go lower and use a messier cuff. you've hit a kind of no-mans-land area there..Similar deal with the pants - I've always found chino cuffs (and the same will apply to bushman pants) to look better with a higher and/or thinner roll - see here:.I don't usually go all nitpicky and shit but this fit has a kind of 'almost there' vibe to it so I hope that gives some food for thought.
Cool thanks for the tips, I generally like thinner cuffs too, I'll give it a shot.  I don't think I can get these sleeves rolled up one more time and still be comfortable, getting tight in that area.
you might need to get the pants hemmed in order to get a neater cuff..shit ima probs get tagged as 'cares too much about cuffs' now dammit
The bush pants look great with cuffing :).-The dude who told you to cuff them last WAYWT
u look way scarier with a smile than you do sans smile

agreed, but i think this fit is an improvement, peaches.
lol, I'm never going to live this down.
H&M, Review, Nike Flash 

Wtf how did you fold your sleeves?.I tried all of mfa folding guides, none of them look that godly!
I like denim jackets and denim vests. ....Would I like denim shirts? 
well, i guess you would LOVE denim shirts!
link to shoes?
Nike Flash Canvas, couldn't find the exact same pair. i already have them a few years now...
ha, nothing special. just take the cuff and fold it back to the position you like... It's much easier with the denim than with other materials.
toj / qlo / br / gats
The high here today was 101 :(
i wanna see what this looks like unbuttoned please
yeah i've got one on my phone, i'll upload it.
How tall are you, and what size TOJ did you get?  Did you get it custom or just stock?
i'm 5'9", my stock toj size is 48 but this guy is a custom that is around a 50 - wanted the boxier fit for this jacket.
Where would one buy these? Are they available in-store stateside?.Great fit btw. I'm so close to saving up for a toj jacket, but I'm stuck between the baseball and leather designs.
You buy them off german ebay
added it to the album, link is here: 
looks better unbuttoned to me, it bunches up near the bottom when buttoned
fair play, i like it both ways, the unbuttoned is a bit sleeker while when buttoned it makes it a little more roomier, reminds me more of real bball jackets.
Dude, I always see people with that TOJ model but with the sandy/light tan body instead of thisfeels like a sort of desaturated stone blue? This is great. And you're wearing GATs which are just the best white sneaker ever to my lovestruck eyes alsjdflksdjfsdlk.Super, super nice for a sleek and sporty fit.
you should see the one aeiou fit with the grey baseball, sooooo good. i think it's a .zachfitx bookmark
mmm gats are so superior
I want them so badly. ; n ;
I totally want paint drop gats (or a really hq picture suitable for framing). I would just put them on display though, not for wearing.
I feel that way about a lot of beautiful shoesI'd just buy them as art pieces and display them solemnly on a bookshelf, ahah.
thanks, it's technically a grey but i feel like stone blue is a much more apt label for it - it's a shame more weren't made in this color and in the navy blue but i won't complain if it makes my piece a little more unique.
damn that jacket is beautiful
Jcp has a very similar jacket in navy if price is an issue. Fit was pretty good too.
thanks - i think the best thing about toj is the number of people who eat up new releases like candy, only to never wear their jacket - the fact that this thing is essentially brand new and i was able to get at a pretty discounted price made it too good to pass up.
nice, man. good pick up
Did you get it on ebay?
nah, i've only ever bought toj off styleforum
fuck im jealous right now
Lost my camera unfortunately. Have to make do with the blurry iphone shots for now:.Steven Alan, Gitman, Nudie, Red Wing
What Red Wings are those? 1907s?
yup.on sale . if you're looking for some.
Thanks, I'm waiting for Brooks to get them back in stock though. They had them during their sale for $187 the other week, but unfortunately they were sold out. Luckily they gave me 30% off any future shoe purchase because my order had already gone through..Fit's dope by the way.
I don't know if you've noticed yet, but your head got lopped off. You should probably go see a doctor about that or something.

whatsup with your right sleeve?.nice fit though!
think it had something to do with pulling my sleeve over my watch. I dunno really.
ugh why did you have to link that i told myself i would wait...
do it. do it. come on. do it.
didn't realize they were crepe, won't survive the Northeast fall - gotta wait until i get a vibram model at a good price. great boots thought, love the fit.
A short review on the jacket?
it's pretty nice, fits 1/2-1 size larger than tagged though. really nice material, one of the few things I've bought online and then got something better than expected. pretty much completely stops wind and light rain, but I wouldn't want to be out in a tropical monsoon for more than 5-10 mins. keeps the heat in, but has these little vent things in the armpits for breathability. hood is detachable but I wouldn't take it off because you can then see all the snap-buttons that it clips onto and it looks a bit weird. also it's slightly asymetrical because the side with the snap-closure buttons on it is longer than the other, it probably needed to have some material on the side with the  zips as well..got it for like $130 so definitely good value for money.
Is it . jacket?
Yes
shirt looks a bit long but solid otherwise
I like the length in this context.
I agree, but without the jacket I think it'd look real strange
idk it looks like its either past his crotch or at the very bottom which is a bit offputting

Last post probably for the next 5 weeks as I'm off traveling with the gf. Helps to leave home when the weather is shitty and I also don't feel bad thrifting F/W fits. .Thrifted this ., thought it was a bit . .Then I thrifted this . blazer which feels .. I think it'll look great in the winter with some grey wool pants. The . are a nice touch.
Thrifting is awesome. Nice finds!
Fantastic blazer - another nice find.
Where do you live that you have all these amazing items to choose from at a thrift store, the best i can do is a suit 2 sizes too big that someone died in.
lol Vancouver Canada, seem to get pretty lucky
I've always wanted to tell you, but never stopped to comment - You remind me of Mr. Fox from the Wes Anderson adaption. Which is a good thing.
haha thankyou
not a huge fan of that wool coat's pattern. the blazer looks good.
yeah, pattern feels like a weird burberry imitation.
It looks like tartan gone wrong.
I'd like it more if all the lines were tighter.
Digging the blazer but I'm not sold on the coat.
What shoes were you wearing with the blazer?
Every week you seem to have thrifted something new. Always thrifting, never going to stores like us common folk. I like to imagine that your day job somehow involves you travelling from thrift store to thrift store, selling POS systems or such, and then just rifling through all the new stuff. and then the owners get all weird-ed out and make you leave. .It doesn't matter if that isn't remotely true, this is what Ive decided happens in my mind and I'm ok with it..the blazer is pretty neat too I guess.
Close, I sell price tags. Before, it was paper, life was a much simpler time. But now they want plastic, wax coated, stickers, neon, and worst of all, the high priced price tags. I do my best to sneak in a few low baller tags in hopes that it makes it to a pair of red wings, nothing better than a great find that has been marked by someone with little knowledge of the item. Once I make my drop I slink off into the store, any attention from the clerks forces me into a new section of the store. I go about like this, pac man style, with the employees acting as the ghosts. I try to find as many cherries as I can before I'm inevitably caught. Then it happens...."sir, you've been here 8 days this week, we're starting to worry about you. Do you even know what it is like to buy something new? We appreciate you single handedly making this company profit, but we have to draw the line somewhere. We all chipped in and got you a nice room at Thrifty Therapy Rehab down in California for a little while. You'll like it." Reluctantly I have packed my bag and an currently waiting for them to come pick me up. I think it will be good for me, time away, I just hope that the white jacket that they bring was preowned and discounted. 
Thrift Therapy Rehab hahahahahaha
I can only hope to be half as legit as you seem to be someday. 
Mind if I ask how you got into this line of work? And if a part time college student would be able to land a similar gig? Sounds like a lot of fun and a good experience rather than flipping burgers.
sadly i was joking, about the job haha, I work three jobs, none of which are selling price tags 
I was joking too, so no worries.
Db: Tagliatore Napoli.Jeans: Jacob cohen for morris heritage.Shirt: Schoffa.Shoes (novis): Septieme Largeur.Ps: JLindeberg.Jacket: Michelangelo (soon to be Eidos Napoli).Trousers: Tagliatore Napoli.Shirt: Schoffa.Shoes: same as above.Ps and tie: Schoffa, Altea Milano
Morris and J Lindeberg? Must be a swede.
no. 2 is fantastic -- is that a spread-club collar?
Looks more triangular to me, slight apparent roundness I think is just due to the blurry pic.
Certainly not what you see on mfa every day. Great fit! 
Surprised nobody has said it yet but the sleeves on both your jackets seem to be a good inch or so too short. Is that intentional? Also not a fan of the no-belt look, personally.
You're my favorite guy in waywt. That tie looks sprezzed the fuck out.

First one brilliant, second one ok.How is the quality with Septieme Largeur?
How do you like your Tagliatore and Michelangelo blazers? Saw a few on Yoox that look pretty good, but have no experience with them in person. 
good stuff man. what shoes are you wearing with these?
Jvlar dig och jvlar svenska. 
suede dub monks same as in this pic 
are you using both buckles? .do you even swaggu sprezzu 
edit: i was right
Ah shit. Two minutes beforehand.

OL tiger jacket would look dope here
So fresh so clean
Looks really good. Simple and smooth
Dem shoes. Looks great
a winning combination
super clean. looking good man
Don't dig the lacing. But other than that it's clean.
don't tempt me, man! i could pick it up for like $130 right now
what the fuck? do it! that's the best price we've seen so far! it would complete this!
Lol, idk man. I thought I'd convince myself not to get it, but you do posess the power of persuasion. Its not that practical, and its kinda gimmicky, still though its also p badass
it's not gimmicky in the way that, say, stainless steal denim or various other N&F stuff would be. it's just kinda more unique..and cmon it's a jacket, it's gotta be slightly practical
.. if i buy this, and end up regretting it you'll know who i'll be blaming!!
azurewrath is that u
this is really different than your previous fits. looks good dude.
thanks, man
since when did you become Asian?
a few weeks ago

yo, lookin good.
2/10 u dont look 12
nah, i still do
15
still too old

Daytime date. Lots of subtle texture going on in this fit. I'm still a bit hesitant to wear white denim, but these have been comfortable in the Florida heat and I think it works here..Moar:
To build off what has already been said here, I'd suggest taking a look at some plain toe or cap toe shoes instead of the brogue (considered more casual).  I'd say it was OK if you were dressing more business casual, but since you'll be suiting up, I think a plain or cap toe would match the professionalism of your attire better.
The design of both looks nice. For working in law wearing suits I would avoid the suede ones (very casual) and go for regular leather instead..We cannot give you much information on quality without a brand/price/link to the actual webshop as a picture contains very limited information. Words like "luxury" and "premium" screams a warning sign to me though..Please read the . guide linked in the sidebar.
thank you. I will defenitly check out the guide..Can you elaborate abit on the warning sign comment?! I bought from the same shop dress shirts and i find the quality pretty amazing for the prices..I orderer it from Charles Tyrwhitt online store (ctshirts.co.uk). I hope thats ok providing the link here..Ohh and the shoes go for 129 Euros (each pair)!
Charles Tyrwhitt do nice shirts but middling/mediocre shoes. For that price I'd consider Loake instead of them. There's a world of difference between a shirt-maker also making shoes and a company dedicated to shoe manufacturing..If the leather is full-grain and they're on sale I'd at least consider going for it. If they're the corrected grain models (plasticky leather) and at full retail I certainly wouldn't..Do some searches on google for "charles tyrwhitt shoes quality" and have a read.
Definitely go with the leather unless you saw a casual bias in the office. Also, I never buy without trying on first. Good leather shoes can be awfully stiff for a long time. The only super soft leather I would buy without trying is Ferragamo but my experience with custom English leather brands is they are much stiffer than the Italians. I have a pair of Church's from 5 years ago that are still stiff today. 
Thank you for the info..The good thing is that you can return the shoes up two 2 weeks when they were on sale and even if they are used (i guess to a certain extend). Thats what I did with the shirts in the beginning when I was uncertain about them. I wore it a day and if I liked it i kept them otherwise I'd return the order.
Nice
Thanks for your comment..I already have a pair of plain toe/cap shoes and was looking more for office shoes that find a middle ground between completely suiting up and business casual and I think the brogue ones do pretty well in that categorie but I keep your advice for when I have to suit up for a big client :)
Just curious how much are those shoes? I would never recommend suede for a professional environment like a law firm and suede is so much easier to ruin. With the leather shoes, all you need is some leather cleaner/conditioner, some brown shoe polish, a brush, shoe trees and it looks much classier.
Thank u for the comment..129 Euros (each pair)!
I think you should post some pics of you in your suit. If you like the suit, we could help you figure out what kind of alterations (if any) are needed, and maybe all you need to do is spend a little money with a tailor, and maybe on some nice accessories or a good shirt or tie to wear with it. .While you're at it, maybe post some pics of you in the sportcoat as well. And of your choices for shoes, shirts, ties. Maybe we can get you sorted out on the cheap. 
Pictures sounds like a good idea. I'll see if I can get some together after work. Should I add them to this post, or create a new post?
I'm not really sure. Maybe create a new one?
You're eloping!  What's acceptable is entirely up to you and your fiancee.  Do you look good in your suit?  Let's see some pics.  Maybe with a little tailoring it'll be fine.  Maybe it's fine already..Is it a few years old and a little out of date/style?  I briefly worried about that too until my fiancee pointed out that no matter what the hell I got married in it'll probably look odd/funny or even ridiculous 20+ years from now.  
I just got the suit earlier this year, so it's fairly new and has yet to be worn. I imagine it will need some tailoring.
This is an outlet so at most of these stores the quality isn't nearly as good as if you went to their website or a real store. .But, the polo Ralph Lauren, brooks brothers, levis, gap, and Banana republic stores are the only ones I would consider going to.
Are you pretty new to all this? What's your price range? What are you looking to buy? What style would you say you fall into?
Thanks for responding, I am sort of new to this, have been following this subreddit for a while now, price range- undetermined, but I don't mind dropping some money, style- laidback, preppy. 
And.Pick one.
Brooks Brothers, GAP, (maybe) Levi's. PRL isn't bad but can be a bit overpriced for what you get.
Thanks for responding, I'll be sure to check out these places.
Alright, let's narrow it down to t shirts. 
What I was trying to get across to you was that very rarely would I consider someone wearing a t shirt and shorts to be preppy. .You can get great t shirts and shorts at Polo Ralph Lauren.
Thanks for helping me, I'll look at that store with lots of attention. 
I'd say a baseball cap, plain tee/henley, and chino shorts and sneakers is a pretty casual summer outfit. Maybe look for some plain tees or henleys if you don't already own some, and a pair or two of chino shorts? .It's out of your price range but you should look into/read about Rick Owens, a lot of what he does is sportswear-ish stuff.
Check the "How Clothes Should Fit" guide from the sidebar. .Your t-shirts shouldn't have sleeves that flare and the shoulder seams should be just about where your actual joint is. If it doesn't fit around the shoulders perfectly, it can be tighter and still look fine, but never looser; the seams shouldn't droop past your shoulders. .Look for a couple pairs of shorts without cargo pockets that hit above the knee..For shoes, white sneakers like Vans Authentics are nice and seem to fit what you're going for.
I'm pretty new to this sub too, but I look at the way people dress now and notice a lot more stuff.  While I'm still learning and trying to find clothes and a style that suits me I can agree that you should always go smaller if the size is too big.  T-shirts that are baggy or hang a little too big look way worse than something that fits a bit too tight especially if you are athletic.  Of course don't go too tight or you'll end up looking like a tool.  But this sub likes shorts that are close to your legs.  A lot of shorts that you'll run into are a bit 'baggy' which in my mind isn't too bad but ones that fit closer to your legs do look better.  I would try out H&M shorts if your on a budget, but Express and J. Crew also sell pretty slim shorts.  Express might be in your budget during a sale but I'm not sure.
cheap shit is made so that it can be worn by anyone, including the lowest common denominator, aka fat people with michelin man arms
The shirt is too small in the shoulders. The shoulder seam should be on the end of your shoulder bone, but it's instead well inside of it. This causes the sleeve to drape and stick out. You need to size up..Now sizing up will probably make the shirt seem baggier elsewhere. You could solve that by putting on some muscle, if you want. In that regard, you should know that "fast metabolism" is a myth. You're not eating enough. Eat more and lift a lot and you will grow. 99% of you kids who can't grow simply refuse to eat enough to do so.
I hope that you're right. I eat like a monster and occasionally do a protein shake after football conditioning. I just want to fit into my clothes better! Thanks!
OP imo this isn't the best advice, working out is good and if you want to gain weight that's fine but sizing up and then bulking up to get a tshirt to fit is silly, just look around for brands that fit your shoulders/arms better. I've found Uniqlo has pretty slim arms, their Henley's even moreso. 
The protein shake probably helps you to get protein, but you need calories to grow. Not just lean protein. You need fat and carbs, and if you're an active athlete at a growing age you need thousands of calories of them. If you have appetite problems, consider force feeding yourself whole milk (like GOMAD, but probably not that much). Eat.
Is the place to learn about this stuff
That's an absolute lie.
The idea that some people have "fast metabolisms" that just naturally burn a ton of extra energy for no effort and grant them the magical ability to eat whatever they want is bullshit, as is the idea that some people have slow metabolisms that curse them to be fat no matter what. There is almost no variation between individuals' TDEE that is not accounted for by body composition or activity..Also, consider the laws of thermodynamics. If some people just naturally burnt more energy, they'd either be hyper-active or run hotter, because that extra energy has to leave theme somehow. Metabolic variation to a great enough degree to actually affect body composition is a myth which distracts from taking the actual, correct steps to change one's body.
I eat constantly and never gain weight. Pizzas, McDonalds, pork roast, potato chips, chocolate, tubs of protein powder, rice and pasta, yoghurt, beer, you name it. I can't break 65kg. And, for that matter, I run hot. My fiancee describes me as 'the furnace.' Funnily enough, I can't RETAIN heat - I shiver constantly unless I'm dressed in multiple layers. I'm currently sitting indoors, beside a heater, wearing a thermal undershirt, a tshirt, a woolen hoodie and a winter jacket over the top. The temperature is 17C..My brother and father are the exact same way..EDIT - downvoted because people don't like my body type? Smooooooth.
Metabolism between people has very little variation. If you genuinely have a significantly higher/lower metabolism than everyone else, you have a medical condition..It's more of a matter of appetite, your 'eating like a monster' could be a normal/light meal for a normal person..If you intend to grow into your clothes you probably have to go to the gym and do upper body workouts. I don't think football conditioning will do much to increase upper body mass.
Energy's stored in food, measured in calories. Every time you do something that uses energy, what you've consumed undergoes a chemical reaction to release the energy in it and you shit the chemical product out. .The weight you gain is the amount you take in minus what you let out, which is determined by how many calories are in the food you eat minus the amount of calories your activities require. This is measured in calories rather than units of mass because any arbitrarily large amount of mass you consume with no calories will just be pissed/shat right out, like water..TL;DR To gain, you need a caloric surplus. Protein helps,  but unless you take in more calories than you expend, it doesn't matter whether it's protein or carbs or fat. 
To be honest, you're probably not eating enough even though you say you're eating "like a monster".  I just to think the same thing in high school, then I actually counted my calories for a week and I wasn't eating nearly as much as I thought I was.  Add olive oil, eat a lot of nut butter if you're not allergic, add cheese to stuff.. just to get those calories.  From what you said about being in football practice, I'm assuming you're in high school.  Take advantage of that growing body and eat and lift hard and you'll fill out soon enough.
your advice is horrible
It might be horrible, but he's right.
Lift.
No he isn't..The tee doesn't fit OP because he sized improperly. Maybe it is a weird/bad cut of t-shirt, but there are plenty of t-shirts at a low price point that fit well..The t-shirt ganksterr linked to is a Rick Owens shirt. It has exaggerated proportions and very specific design elements, and costs ~$300. .It is absolutely useless, dick-waving advice that does not help the person who posted this thread.
bro u dont wear ricc owens lol pleb 
I believe that you're both correct in your opinions; What OP should do is find another brand/model that might suit him better.
Is having no ass something that you can fix by working out? Like bike riding or something? Honest question lol.
you may have a posterior pelvic tilt. if so and you are interested, here is a write-up from . on .. additionally, if you have pants that otherwise fit you well, you can have the seat brought in by a tailor if you're interested.
I have a bit of an ass, but am a twig. I'm willing to be I'm thinner than you. .Levi's 510s. Do yourself a favor and get yourself a pair. 
Do your pants fit you around the hips/waist? Or are they baggy there as well?
I also have almost no ass but I do have some pants from the brand Obey that fit me well in the butt area. They make casual 5 pocket pants and chino style pants and are carried at Urban Outfitters and I think Nordstrom. Worth trying on if you can find some near you
How tight are your pants on you otherwise? In general, slimmer pants will have slimmer seats. 
I'd probably go to the gym
Do some squats man.
Slim straight rvca jeans. Very stylish and even the lighter colors hide your lack off ass
Wolf vs Goat pants are pretty tight in the rear, more than any pants I've even worn.  Bonobos slim chinos aren't bad either.
I have a similar problem, heavy set guy with no ass..Squatting has helped been hitting the gym for 5 months however it has also made my legs bigger. Trying on pants now and my quads can be busting out of them with a flappy un-filled seat..At least my friends think its funny. Here in the UK i'd recommend debenhams designer range to anyone suffering as they seem to cater for all builds.
im in the same situation you're in. just takes a bit of searching for the right fit. .also, working out obviously helps, squats are our friend.
I am don't have much ass or thighs for my size 6'1 190+ and my solution has been to buy JC Urban Slim Fit chinos in my waist size and get them tailored a bit.  It is not much but he taken them in at the seat but the legs and openings are already perfect.It works well
I've got the same problem. I'm a husky dude, I have a wide build, with 0% ass. Especially looking for pants to go with a suit sucks. 
If you're looking at tailoring a suit anyway, you can get the seat slimmed by a tailor. 
Same issue here. Thin, no ass. I usually go for the modern/slim fit pants. Aim for the more stylish brands, depending on what type of pants you're looking for. I buy from Tommy Hilfiger and gap for all my chinos, and Calvin Klein and Van Heusen for dress. They tend to not have as much material to fill up.
Wide stance squats!
Ok wide stance squats it is!
I have absolutely no experience with these, but I think Bonobos has some that are meant for that kind of thing
actually from what i've noticed, bonobos has cuts more for guys on the other end of the spectrum with more junk in the trunk
Ah ok thats probably it, I just remembered they had some kind of special butt pants. 
There is no fix. Do some squats
It's a bag called squatting..edit: Seriously, downvoting for stating the obvious. If you dont like your body, fix it
This is male fashion advice, not fitness. 
This may be MFA, but this is all about looking good and improving self image. There are numerous ways to do that
So why is there no advice about working out on the sidebar...? It's all about clothing..Do you think perhaps that when someone asks what kind of pants he should buy, the answer he isn't looking for isn't work out advice?
Yet there are cologne, haircuts, hairstyles, etc. This reddit is predominately about clothing, I agree, but we can all agree: sometimes people need to lose weight, sometimes people need to gain weight.
So when someone asks "What kind of pants do I get" the answer is "do squats"?.That does not answer the question..Maybe if he ask "What can I do to make my butt look better", then maybe your answer is relevant, but not when he is asking what kind of pants..Hence the downvotes: your answer is not relevant to the question.
No, you're right. Why don't you pick out the perfect pair of chinos for him to make his ass bloom.
I can't tell if you are joking because that's literally what he's actually asking you...
Now you see my point, grats.
Squats.
if you already have camp mocs I would say indys
In Long Island, Indy boots are going to get you through 6-8 months of the year while penny loafers are probably going to work 4-6 months out of the year. So there is that to consider. 
you don't have boot, so i'd say indies
Shoes for crews, Dickies, and thrift store button ups for me.  Shit gets dirty.
I would say it's the only time a vest is appropriate but fuck if I know if it's even appropriate then. 
Protip, when in doubt go with functional and simple. Your clothes, apron, socks, shoes will most likely be solid black.Firestone makes some solid rubber shoes that look pretty groovy. Sizing is a bit more difficult, but they are super easy to clean, comfortable, and last forever..Old Navy does a surpringly good job with pants and black dressy shirts.
If you're bartending, pick shoes that you aren't worried if they get extremely wet (good grip, and can take a beating).
Wait until you get hired before you go out buy new stuff. 
for the interview itself, or for working?.A lot of places will have a specific dress code that is something like: dark clean unripped jeans and a black or white shirt, usually button up or polo - I work as a barista at a relatively casual small business, and we have a black tshirt with the logo on the side and an apron we all have to wear, but I get away with wearing patterned button up shirts underneath, with the sleeves rolled up. Jeans or chinos or even cords for pants. .As for shoes, just make sure they're comfy man, before anything else, but I usually just wear a pair of slightly chunkier rubber soled brown derby shoes like . or . kinda, whatever you can get at a thrift shop and beat the hell out of without really worrying when things get spilled and scuffed. And leather is always good around kitchens with sharp hot things. .edit: I havent tried shoes for crews, i'd say go for . or ., keep it simple.for the interview itself, just chinos, some kind of button up shirt, nice shoes and leather belt. I wouldn't over stress it
Both, but you're right. I'm probably overstressing it. I was just looking for an easy answer MFA approved uniform for work..If anything the clothes I have from my current job would be overkill, at least for the brewpub. .I want to look well put together and confident. Stay simple, clean cut, with impeccable grooming and I think I'll be good. .I appreciate the thought you put into your comment. 
I work at a casual cafe and I usually just wear some old canvas sneakers that wouldn't mind spills, some cheap flat front shorts (preferably something not too nice in a neutral color like tan, grey, navy, or black... I wear some Old Navy broken in khaki shorts) and then some plain colored undershirts or Merona tees. 
Clothes you can beat up. Defiantly stick with black shirts/polos to hide stains. .As a male, dressing up to bartend is stupid. You will only ruin your decent clothes and will look plenty nice in jeans/khakis and a black polo. .Then again, I work at a more casual bar that serves drinks in mason jars. 
I have found that it is very difficult to dress well while working in a technology group. Not because the work itself, but from the culture that always seems to come along with it. I work in a software engineering group in Seattle where the typical dress code seems to be shorts and black socks with a company logo T-shirt. Yeah, not the last bastion of fashion. The reason it is hard is because it is so easy to get out of bed and know that no one would care if you came into the office wearing your baggy sleep shirt with a pair of shorts and flip-flops. .Having no accountability for your appearance is not always good. I looked around one day and said I need to do better. The first few days I started wearing chinos and a button down, everyone thought I was interviewing. But I felt better about myself and some people definitely noticed and commented. Now my dress is pretty standard business: OCBD's, chinos, nice jeans,  wing-tips or bluchers, but for the tech crowd, I might as well be visiting the queen..No one notices anymore, but I feel better about myself. And occasionally I still do T-shirt and shorts, but never with black socks.
 is the business casual guide from the sidebar. all the info's there, so just check it out next time you have a question
I wear chinos and an OCBD with leather dress shoes pretty much every day as on-site IT.  I don't work outside or pull cables very frequently, though.  I bring a change of jeans if I know I'm getting up in the ceiling or racking gear that day..Chinos and a polo will be perfectly acceptable in 9/10 workplaces as IT.  Up your game with some trousers and a nice dress shirt for important meetings or client visits.  Grab a blazer, cardigan, or v-neck sweater to mix it up.
If you're doing office support, you probably want to check if you're allowed to wear jeans. A lot of times the IT department will have an exception since you will be crawling around on your knees a lot. Otherwise, standard business casual works. 
I work in a development and design consultancy. The head of design tends to wear OBCDs and chinos and the head of testing wears more formal button downs and chinos. However the developers never wear anything more fancy than polos and jeans. If you are ever meeting with clients or users you have more scope to dress nicer. I would alternate between polos and OBCDs with dark jeans. Chinos almost feel like overkill.
This is especially true in more tech-y areas of the US.  For me, dressing smart is part of the work|life delineation.  I don't have a bunch of personal photos on my desk or work area.  I don't wear the same clothing.  I swear much less than I do at home or with friends.  The way I dress at work lets me keep a healthy separation.
Polo or casual Button up with either khakis or black/grey slacks and shoes depend on the pants.
I worked in the IT department at a luxury hotel, and it was suit and tie affair (we'd be called into guest rooms), but a polo with jeans/khakis are fine for IT.  Don't be afraid to wear a casual button down like an OCBD, though, they're totally fine to wear while doing actual work like running cables.
Search my post history if you'd like to see some of the stuff I wear -- but I wear suits mon-wednesday, button downs on thursdays, t-shirts on fridays.
I did something very similar in IT. In front of users one day, running cable the next. I typically wore a dress shirts/OCBDs with dark denim or khaki chinos(if I had a large number of clients meeting with me that day), with CDBs. It works for most things. I wore a grey V-neck t shirt underneath in case I had to do any really intense work. Fit is key. 
I would do the same. I'm currently working as an IT assistant at a Software company. The dress code is kind of relaxed here (i.e. casual Fridays). I find myself wearing OCBDs most of the week with either chinos or sometimes dress slacks. As far as shoes go, since it's summer I usually go with either my black loafers I am borrowing from my dad or my dark brown allen edmond loafers. But everything Lan4576 said is absolutely correct especially the fit.
wat
Button down collers are the most casual. Open collers are usually more formal. Check the sidebar for more information.
He's wearing a black blazer (prolly an orphaned suit jacket) and light wash baggier jeans with brown work boots.  Not that good looking, really things like sleeve length, waist suppression, shoulders all should fit about the same no matter the suit or blazer, all of those details about fit are covered in the suit guide.  Wearing a t-shirt and light wash jeans with a blazer is extremely difficult to pull off and some would say that the formality clash makes it impossible.  The details of a jacket that do change are lapel width, button number and stance, length of jacket, shoulder padding, material, and the lining of the suit.
it looks like he's just wearing some jeans with a blazer. thats not really a suit at all. 
oh its called blazer. well thank you for info :)
See sidebar
If you have to ask...
I'm not following you.
then u cant afford the movie neighbor
For shoes listen to . dude knows all the shit from suits (he was telling me about the difference between Italian and British suits and how Italian suits vary even by region) to RO stuff.  I think for tops a basic long drapey tee would look really cool and kinda is your "basic" layer for this kind of stuff..Also a nice basic shoe if you don't want to drop a ton of money cuz your not sure this is your thing vans sk8s hi in black would work well.
Converse and high tops are a really safe bet. To me drop-crotches benefit from quite aggressive, masculine high-tops/boots such as those offered by Guidi, Rick Owens, etc. Doc Martens could look nice..Workwear boots would look weird as would low-top trainers.
yeah ive seen a lot of pics on the internet of ppl doing this u right
Couldn't agree more
I believe he's snidely implying that these trousers are "advanced" or "next level" and that therefore knowledge and understanding are pre-requisites to wearing them. "If you have to ask then you probably shouldn't" etc..Don't get along with that viewpoint myself. Buy them, try stuff out, take photographs, see what works and what doesn't.
you should actually start considering eating more on a daily basis and start going to the gym and hit the weights! 
boosts your self-esteem and its fun!! 
im the most confident person in the world and im 6'/140 just because having muscles makes u comfortable in ur skin doesnt mean everyone else is the same
Have never shopped there or bought anything but found some interesting items. Everything is meant for skinny people for sure. 
OP, avoid this website. The garments are of terrible quality and will fall apart fast. 
That's a lot of Korean style items, likely of questionable quality 
"any advice appreciated"...
he asked about advice for clothing on a fashion forum. dude probably knows if he wanted to he could lift weights and get bigger...he didnt ask about that u goof
man were practically the same size and i have no issues finding clothes that fit. just buy small sizes. fugg, a small j crew button down will fit me as perfectly as you could expect a $60 shirt to fit without alterations (pretty fuccin well).4 t shirts, id try those 50/50 blend shirts from american apparel. a pretty shitty company, but these t's fit well and are a good purchase for the price
cheap mondays
Top Shop
Topman.
I'd also recommend uniqlo I think it's a rather remarkable store. 
okay.... 
then if thats not your taste then you don't need too i guess. 
of course i did not say everyone else is the same.... that was very unnecessary. 
i only suggested it. .but clothes and body type play a synergetic role when it comes to fit.
But you can do what ever you like~
what is ur problem u dont need to act like such a mean person
he was acting mean~.~ 
i only gave a suggestion.. 
was i acting offensive???.ive seen quite a bit of weight lifting added for fashion. isnt fashion not only bout clothes but also the entire look? i dont kno~~
i think the fact that you just assumed that he's not confident in his body is kinda offensive, but who am i to judge
if thats how i came off then im sorry 
i didnt mean that
It's okay, I'm not offended. That doesn't make the original comment any more helpful though. I have trouble gaining weight and actually getting bigger with my exercise but that's advice for a different subreddit.
I've noticed the lack of guide info for really thin guys too. Personally I wear a 34 Chest and 27/28 Waist; as a student I'm on a tight budget as well, so my go-to places are H&M (I should invest there considering what a large part of my entire wardrobe they are, button downs, sweaters, and suits), ASOS (the same), occasionally Express, and I've dabbled twice now in MTM shirting with ModernTailor. H&M and ASOS aren't the best quality, sure, but I've never had an item fall apart and they look great in my opinion..As for pants, the same brands mentioned above work well, as do American Eagle and Levi's. Hope this helps! I might make a skinny guide if I get around to it, I'm still having trouble finding good winter coats and rain coats though.
If you're in USA, I think there are now Topman stores around the country - I don't know how similar the clothes are compared to the British Topman but their clothes are typically very tight fitting - their suits are also skinny fit..
I too have this problem, even 'slim fit' stuff from Uniqlo has to get darted and even then I need to go back and make them a bit bigger when I get a chance. .The solution is probably to go MTM which is what I'm likely going to do soon. . isn't cheap but I see them getting recommended and you can put in either body measurements or direct shirt measurements. For $60 which is cheaper than J. Crew when not on sale, I think I'll try and get some measurements together and order one myself actually..Otherwise, just buy the slimmest stuff you can and get it tailored. .Asos also makes XXS stuff. I'm surprised to hear that about 510's since I'm only an inch shorter and a similar weight and I love how 510's look on me. Other than tailoring I'm not sure what the next option is for you in terms of pants..EDIT: Would you mind posting a fit pic of you in the 510's?
You won't find a lot of American stuff geared towards people who are underweight, but Asian brands might be able to help you out.  Uniqlo would be a starting point, or something like Lad Musician if you've got some money to spend..At the end of the day you're probably going to have to get most of your stuff tailored, though.
?
If you need a weekender duffle, for sure.
Great looking bags. 
River Island Safari Jacket

Like it
My brother has a navy one with aztec print shoulders. I like it, nice fit and not too thick.
river islands not great quality, but its not that expensive i guess.
Just landed my first real job and now realized I need a briefcase/messenger bag. . 
Budget?  As far as non-leather goes, I can only say good things about Filson briefcases.  Got a 257 last winter, have been using it ever since, and it looks amazing.  
i'm in the same position as you..i think that one looks fine, if a little bulky.
Hi I spent the last couple weeks doing some similar searching for a messenger bag. I'm not a huge fan of the one you've selected there. TBQH I would recommend a leather bag, and if not I'd recommend a different canvas bag. Imo, a leather messenger is never really out of place, and definitely can be used as a casual bag, whereas a canvas bag will seem out of place and "underdressed" in a more formal setting..If you ever see yourself moving into a formal setting, the leather will come in handy..There are a ton of places to check but here's what I've found:. (these are expensive, but the 13" isn't too bad). (. is doing a sale and I believe it's still going where you get something like 30% off). (they have a nice leather messenger plus a lot of canvas ones that I think are a step up towards professional rather than student).You should also check the bag FAQ in the sidebar for more options, but it is slightly limited. Search . for "messenger bag" and you'll get a lot of results. These are the ones I was looking at personally..I ended up choosing a fossil bag because my girlfriend could get it through macy's with a lot of discounts that brought the price (245) down to something like 140. I am immensely satisfied with it but I haven't had it for long and unfortunately I couldn't find any info on what quality of leather it's made from..If you do decide to go for a leather item, be sure to check up on saddlebackleather's . to understand why it's important to search for full-grain over genuine leather. .Hope this helps.
Hey thanks for the detailed response, I'll look at those and definitely give them some thought..I'm also going to start looking more at leather, you had a good point about it making more sense down the line. 
how formal of a job? I think that won't really work for a very formal one also whats your budget?
It's a pretty casual office job.  People usually wear either chinos or jeans and either a button up or polo. .My budget is kind of limited because it's my first job out of college, so I don't want to go too overboard.  .Do you think a leather bag would be a smarter choice?
I think that would be but those are expensive and really you should wait, cuz a good leather bag is NICE... I think get it for now and save up for a leather bag.
Thanks, I usually have to walk 20 minutes from the train so I definitely need something sooner rather than later. 
Rebuilding my wardrobe and these would be my first pair of jeans. Don't know weather to get rigid dragon or rigid sea dragon they look pretty similar. 
can't go wrong with either. Personal preference.
What is the difference though? Is one just more blue than the other?
I have owned both and the only noticeable difference is the stitching being in different colors. 
from what i can tell, the stitching is a different color
The stitching is different as well.
Light rose linen ...7 for all Mankind ..
I think the linen shirt is cut kind of strangely, to be honest.
Have you thought about what you would wear it with?
Probably a pair of khakis or dark blue chinos. 
first one looks pretty shear aka hello nipples and the color of your pants will show through a bit 
 in resin crinkle wash? Or would I be better off getting a pair of unbranded jeans? Also are there ever sales on the 484 jeans?
no buy ubs and yeah they go on sale during their 25% off everything sales.
why these over say Levis? These are just washed indigo denim. .If you want raw, go with UB.
I really like how the 484s fit, it's somewhere between 508s and 511s. I just don't want the hassle of raw denim I was just wondering what other high quality denim there was out there for the 70-100 range that isn't raw. 
 or . OR . OR something else entirely? My only watch is a ..
In that list, definitely the five. But, if you're willing to go a little over that price range, I would definitely go for an . or a ..
I'm just worried about the colorfulness of those faces being not too versatile, and the Mako is a great watch but the metal band limits it from being casual which seems to be where I'm severely lacking. My current not-really-a-collection is a standard black G-Shock and . as my dress watch.
Get a nice NATO band, they'll only cost about $10. If the SKX009 isn't your type, check out that SKX007. Nice versatile face. Also, it's fine if you  enjoy it, but I would really recommend never getting another Invicta. . has some great guidlines for different price ranges. 
I don't see any foreseeable reason to buy two weekenders. If you can spend more money buy a better quality timepiece. With that being said I'm a bigger fan of the citizen but you can never go wrong with a Seiko 5 either. Its up to you on whether or not you'd prefer an automatic movement over the eco-drive. 
If I were to get two Weekenders, I would've gotten one with the black face and one white for the sake of versatility and since they're cheap anyway.
Oh right I didn't think of that. Now that you mention it I kinda want two. 
Yeah I was glancing over those recommendations earlier. I'll see if I can't save up a bit more for a watch that can be casual and formal with a quick strap change. I'm very into watches and learning about them and I know Invicta is a horrendous brand but I got it for dirt cheap just in time for a handful of formal occasions some time ago. I've been meaning to replace my watches entirely because I love my G-Shock but it's really not so MFA outfit-friendly.
I need sizing help on a Pointer Chore coat.  I'm 5'7", 165lbs, moderately muscular built.  Should I buy the chore coat in small, or x-small?
Holy shit, these other guys must be going for an extremely tight fit if they're recommending an XS to you. I'm 5'7" 130 lbs with a 36" chest and my XS PCC is 16.5" shoulder-to-shoulder and 18.75" pit-to-pit. With a thick sweatshirt underneath, it almost feels too tight on me. .I guess it's been through one hot soak in my bathtub, so that might affect sizing. .EDIT: Updated numbers with measurement as of 2 minutes ago.
I have your same measurements and I ordered the XS and it was very tight around my shoulders. I would recommend the Small. 
I'm 5'10, 165 and also muscularly built.  Size small fits well, especially with a buttondown underneath, but it will feel a little boxy
Argh, so conflicted.  Opinion is split 50/50...  Guess I should play it safe and go with S, with a hot soak.  Thanks!
FWIW, don't rely on "I am X tall and weigh Y" for sizingpeople have different weight distributions. Your best bet is to get actual measurements (e.g., shoulder-to-shoulder and pit-to-pit) and compare them with garments that you currently own.
Definitely get the XS
Basic rule of thumb is to size down but I'm a little taller than you and same weight just about. .Get the XS.Edit: I wear Small and . as XS. 
Height/weight/chest/waist?
5'11", idk like 150? Not sure, idk, 29/30
Okay, that makes sense. When you said that you were a little taller and about the same weight as ., I was thinking "how the fuck did he fit into the XS?" But you're 4 inches taller and 15 pounds lighterthat's a huge difference. Proportionally, your build is a lot more like mine (5'7" 130 lbs) than his. It makes sense that we both wear XS PCCs, but I'm almost certain now that he needs an S.
Thanks!  I wasn't sure because I am in small in most brands, but the chore coat seems very boxy, from the pics I've seen online.
I'm ~125 lbs 5'9" and went XS and I love how it fits on me, but really imo you should get the small and do a warm water wash if you need some shrinkage. 
Bonobos or Epaulet navy chinos, all else being equal?
epaulet > bonobos
Thanks.
Got $100, trying to decide between beeswax cdb or taupe suede bass buckinghams
clarks
well what do you have
any more opinions?
Bass Buckinghams, 100%.
I don't have much, only a pair of nike killshots and a pair of brown sperrys
cdb
Looking for grey sneakers for casual wear. . adidas 84-LAB. CAMPUS 80S? or something else? Have wide-ish foot. 

Where did you find them at that price?
doooo iitttttt
Call me a bit out of my element and having cold weather on the mind, but I'm trying to look for a Woolrich(or similar) style parka or anorak before winter clothing goes into season and is marked up at top dollar. .I've been told by many people that Woolrich makes quality stuff that you'll wear practically forever, and if you can manage to get one of their jackets that would run normally at 600 bucks for half the cost, go for it. Anyone ever own a Woolrich jacket?.Currently I'm looking at this . , ., and ...Anyone know if I'm looking at the wrong places and can find better deals on other sites? I see a lot of sites claiming they're official Woolrich warehouse/outlets but they seem like sketchy Chinese knockoff sites. I really like the jackets I'm looking at and would want to make sure I'm getting the best deal on them..Thanks for any help!
Those all look pretty good to me. Personally, I wouldn't trust sites like that and would rather stick with reliable eBay sellers or online retailers. 
Yeah that's what I figured since a few of them looked pretty shoddy and incomplete. The shitty thing is I can't seem to find them on any ebay sellers stores, unless I'm not looking in the right places.
This Timex Modern Originals . Classics? .The name sounds like something you'd order from starbucks. 
Its the one on the right. The one on the left is superturntup though.
That low contrast face would probably making reading the time much more difficult than reasonably expected. I'd say no based on that. If it had a white or light gray face I'd buy it up in a heartbeat.
I have a similar watch and when you press the button, the background becomes illuminated. Get it.
I don't see any buttons. Just the crown.
yeah you can press the crown, sorry wasnt aware of the name
Ahh, gotcha. May be worth picking up then.
Should I get these .?
no, theres no need for that random zipper on the side, and while its hard to tell from the picture, the leather looks cheap. look at the boot guide on the sidebar if you need ideas of boots to get.
Should I get these? .
Back story is I have 6 or 7 pairs of Sperrys in various colorways. My style is trad/southern prep.
Looks awesome, and I prefer the camp moc look to boat shoes. It's a good way to counter the recent ubiquity of Sperry's. Definitely buy if you have the cash.
My only issue is most people won't be able to tell the difference between the camp moc and the boat show since they're so similar.
Fair point. With that in mind I'd suggest maybe some white or tan bucks with red brick soles. Maybe some loafers - Oak Street Bootmakers has an ., approved by a number of MFAers (. may have a pair, not sure though).
I am thinking of getting this Larsson and Jennings . watch for 180. Any thoughts? They also sell alternative straps, making it a fairly versatile accessory. 
Beautiful watch, I'd get it.
As far as fashion goes, yeah go for it. But as a watch, you can get a nice automatic in the same price range instead of that quartz. 
 for $120? Are there better deals out there for this or a similar product?.Also, does anybody know anything about American Giant?
Norse Store (Norse Projects) is having a sale right now. Their hoodies are also around $120. I've heard great things about Reigning Champ. I've heard good things about American Giant, but I've also heard that they're over hyped for what they are. That said, I don't have experience with any of them. 
More of a should I keep I suppose since I just placed the order yesterday. Just want some opinionis.  .Raw denim shirt.Interesting detail on button down.Spring jacket
Hate the first one (I have a thing about double front pockets), the other two are sweet
I've never really tried them out, im planning on using this as a winter workwear/masculine as possible aesthetic. Just need to grow out my hair for the look..Just figured it could be a little fun at under 25 dolalrs for an experimental piece
It's a hell of a price cut for sure! 75% :).I think it would definitely work nicer as its intended use as a "shacket" over a white tee or something, than just a shirt
Thats what I was planning on, I've never been a fan of denim as straight up shirts. And that piping inside of the shirt should let me do some interesting things with the sleeves and collar!
I just bought this tassel loafers with woven front..for 23 dollars I would say is a good deal.
I agree with the other guy. Return them if you can. $23 isn't a good deal for you, it is for whoever sold them. Between the woven front, the kilties, and the tassels, it's way too much. They're quite ugly. 
Well you've already bought them, but I'd return them if possible. The woven front is almost unwearable.
I also saw . ones, I think I can't return them for my money, but maybe for another pair.

I love moc-toe everything. If they fit with your style, get them. I'd love a pair but for me they just seem to clunky for what I usually wear. 
JCrew is having a t-shirt/long sleeve shirt sale. What's some must have basics? I was hoping to get a henely but many of the good colors are out of stock or on backorder until september. 
What do you guys think about Ben Sherman chinos?
I have a few EC1's. They come in a variety of colours and are good for the price. They do stretch a little bit, so I'd recommend sizing down 1 (I.E. 31 if you're a 32 waist). They're nice when cuffed due to a contrasting stiching/lining/textile bit on the insid.e
Doesn't seem like a bad price
I'm pretty sure I handled these at a nordstrom rack. Good quality, nice feel. 
I have four pairs and they fit well. One pair cuffs really awkwardly as it seems the seem wanders into the front of the leg. Overall the quality feels great and for this price I'd say buy for sure.
Red dog roughout or navy chromexcel for boots
you looking at whites?
Red dog rough out for me. Never really liked navy boots. 

Bounty hunters
sweet! I think red dog roughout, navy boots means no navy anywhere else which is really limiting especially with most outerwear being navy.
I wouldn't go that far. You can wear navy boots with a navy coat, but you definitely cannot wear any dark blue pants whatsoever. Maybe not even black. I feel like that's the worst limitation of navy shoes 
 #3
HELL TO THE FUCKING YES, I'm buying the second ones we will be boot bros!
yeah I was little bit too far with the no navy coats with navy boots.  I think you wouldn't want to wear a navy/dark blue shirt though.  Maybe chambray.
Yeah it will definitely limit the amount of dark blue/black you can wear. You would be forced to use interesting textures to make it work well
Yep
Which pair of shoes do you think is best/most versatile. - .Thanks!
Entirely up to your preference. The darker ones are slightly more formal, but both can reach a range of styles.
Where did you get those shoes from?
The lighter shade ones are from ASOS and the darker shade ones are River Island.
I can't really say "best," that's up to you. But I do feel that the lighter colored ones could probably be paired with more colors/outfits.
The second one says ASOS on the inside.
flyknits: should i wait for a trainer restock at the nike store or just get lunar 1+s? would primarily be wearing them with black/dark jeans, tees/sweats/button downs, and a shell this fall. .and would black (or black/white for trainers) or grey work better in quasi-tech fits?
Wait for the black/whites to come back, totally worth it. 
Definitely wait for trainer restock
Wait
from a nike rep email - july 2
welp this is... not ideal. ty for the heads up
np dude, i was really bummed out too because the went out of stock in my size like 4 days before my paycheck
Anyone have experience with 
What about this pair of AE Park Avenues for 50 shipped? I'm trying to upgrade my shoe game a bit, but I'm not quite sure how to judge the quality of secondhand shoes yet (especially soles)..Gallery: .Edit: sorry about the size of one of the images. Don't know how it got like that.
In good condition but will need a resoling soon.
That seems to be trending towards a consensus...with how expensive resoling is, I'm not nearly as willing to spend $50.
You're still getting $325 shoes for $50, remember that.
Point taken. Even with resoling, it's a good deal. I hope they could make it for a few months, at least, with sparing use.
For $50 I'd get them. You might need to get them resoled though.
Do you think they need to get resoled sooner/immediately, or down the road (2-3 years)? If I need to get them resoled sooner rather than later, I'd rather keep looking or pay more for a pair with better soles..To note, I would only really be wearing them for interviews and the occasional event where I need to throw on a suit.
It's kind of hard to tell from the pictures but I'd say definitely less than 2-3 years. See how on the back of the heel it curves upwards? You don't want that to get too bad because it's gonna fuck up the shoes.
[deleted]
These have been up for a few hours only. I would not be surprised to see black PAs in a D width end up over $100
Hm. I might lower my offer and cite this as the reason. Thanks for your wisdom!
I've never really thought New Balance made very attractive sneakers but I like these. Thoughts? 

those are sweet. 
see if they have your size on zappos or the new balance site, they're cheaper there
Thanks, yeah they're on amazon for $75

Yes on both. I work at Sunglass Hut and the clubmasters are my favorite pair but I can't wear them because they're too small for my face
I've been eyeing the navy chinos as well, are they worth it?
I've got them and they feel more like beige jeans than chinos, especially because they are thick, raw, and because they are 5 pockets
Not sure yet. I've heard good things on /fa/ though
 .Worth the price for crap quality?
Love the look of it; very versatile piece. I'm not sure what Asos' quality is like, though. 
not at that price, just save up and get something from penfield or somewhere when their f/w stuff comes out
the jacket is bellfield, not asos
its pretty awful, the only asos thing that gets recommended on here is their scoop necks

Cop
These swimming shorts from h&m 
those look sick.  as long as you can see yourself in something that short
I think I can. I own a few pair of running shorts (they're a bit longer than those swimming shorts) I think I can pull it off. Thanks 
been wanting these apc x retrosuperfuture . for a while
~160 shipped
something different than ray bans i guess
interesting. i'd have to seem them on a face 
Buy
Where from? I want them too. I think you should get them.
norse
that's what's holding me back. idk if they would look weird on my ovalish baby-like face. are some 
How's the return policy? 
they're from norse -- original $20 shipping will be refunded, but I pay return.probably best to sell on sufu/sf if I don't like them.
Sebago Docksides in . or .? .EDIT: Went for an inbetween, the 
Milkshake
How much are those? 
If it's a 50 50 and one is 40 cheaper, problem solved.
Sand
Milkshake is $99 on Amazon, Sand is $65. $105 on the Sebago website.
Overpriced
First-time subscribers get a code for 20% off shoes, so the Sand would actually be a pretty good deal. I ended up getting a pair off eBay in the end.
How so? The general agreement is that they're a step up from Sperrys, which are ~$80. 
Step down in quality and looks for relatively same price 
Looks are subjective, but I haven't found anything on MFA from people who compared them saying Sebagos were worse quality. Actually, it seems like the standard thought is Sperry is more comfortable out of the box, because the sebago leather is thicker and better and takes longer to break in,
Sand.

Navy suede is pretty cool, you dont see that a lot, but yuketen is pretty overpriced
why do you think yuketen is overpriced?
well, perhaps its not overpriced, but yuketen hires companies like Quoddy to manufacture some of their footwear, and sell the shoes for more.  Quoddy shoes are already quite expensive.  
you got a source? that's pretty disappointing if it's true
Doesn't really back up exactly what I said, but I could've sworn he said that Yuketen contracts Quoddy somewhere.
most shoe companies don't own the factory
Yeah, I like them because they're more unique than most camp mocs/boat shoes. I'd be buying them for 30% off from Epaulet so I think it's a pretty good deal.
Already asked this before, but I'm looking for last minute input. . or .? Most likely getting the W+H's this weekend. 
Whatever you like - if you're trying to get the perfect white leather lows, people generally think its the CP's, but there's a million different variations out there and you should just get what you want.
first ones are sick
No such thing. 
Did you even read what I posted? I said a lot of people consider CP's the perfect white leather lows, but that really the choice is about what you prefer.
get the w+h
Yeah, there's a 95% chance that I'll be going with those and that seems to be what everyone else is suggesting too. 
i really like those W+H
If they're the same price i'd get CP's
They're slightly cheaper. By about $30. But I found them on sale for even less. 
Where? Unless you want to keep it a secret.
...still expensive, but less so than they normally sell for ($360 US).
Their sizes are fucked up a 44 is an 11 not a 45. It even says a 44 is an 11 on the wings+horns website.
They run large. Calm down. 
Keeping it a secret until I actually get them. JUST IN CASE.
You're lucky. My size is not available.
Why don't you just get some white converse? If you're going for brand I guess W+H.
The leather quality for leather converse is awful and they really look bad. And if you mean canvas, that's just not the same thing. There are plenty of subtle differences between these shoes. The W+H and CPs are gonna have much better construction, much higher quality leather and more. I personally prefer the CPs to the W+H's in this case, something feels off about them. I've always liked Svenssons as the an alternative to CPs toot hough.
besides being white sneakers white converse and these shoes are completely different looks.
Interesting. To me, I've always liked CPs but there was something off to them. The W+H's are exactly what I wanted (bought them). Svenssons are okay too. Not available in plain white (besides the army sport) as far as I can see right now anyway. 
Different strokes I guess, I don't like the laces on the W+H and prefer the way the toe looks on the CPs, but both are really good shoes, pretty much a no lose choice. Svenssons are really hard to find in white these days, but you may be able to find a pair on eBay or SF's marketplace. Didn't know they were doing their own version of GATs though, those look really excellent! 
Yeah, I understand. The toe cap was one of the things that I preferred. And I like leather laces a lot, but they can always be switched out if I change my mind on that later. Also they were cheaper (on sale) than new CP's so that was a deciding factor. They idea of getting used shoes seems odd to me. I want to break in a pair for myself. I want them to be mine, I guess. 
Can't decide between GATs, 3Sixteen Sl120x, high end olive chinos or an APC raw denim jacket. Help anyone? .Current shoes: NB x Herschel 420, Lacoste loafers, Meermin dub monk, RW Iron ranger, Penny loafers from dad. .Current jackets: Apolis Civilian blazer in olive, ToJ baseball in tan, Black peacoat, red H&M parka..Current pants: Indigo nudie jeans, black nudie jeans, navy chinos, sand chinos, grey skinny jeans
I'd say olive chinos probably. They're really cool and I feel like they'd serve you better than a denim jacket. 3sixteens and gats are immediately out cuz you already have jeans and sneakers, if you got olive chinos or a denim jacket it'd be something you don't already have. 
I don't really wear the nudies and I'm hoping to sell them; and I also don't have white sneakers. good call on the olive chinos though, any brand recommendations?
Well if you don't have a pair of jeans that you like that much, I'd get some denim then, nothing I like better than a pair of jeans that fits me perfectly. Have you had a chance to try on the 3sixteens before?
I have not, but from the looks of them, they fit  exactly how I'd like them to. I have a pair of nudie grim Tim's which are absolutely perfect  fitting for me and if they're the same ill be happy
Idk man, it's up to you. 
How much did you pay for the NB Herschel collaborations? I know they're coming out with some more for Fall 2013, and was looking to cop the grey ones... that is if they are at a decent price.
I paid 75 for them and love them, they look amazing and theyre extremely comfortable..edit: just looked them up.. I WANT THEM IN OLIVE NOW
Can you post a pic of you wearing the shoes? I just bought a pair, of Adidas, but might return them and save up for this collab. Also where did you purchase, thanks!
I bought them off urban outfitters.. check my recent posts, I believe I posted a pic of me wearing them in a recent WAYWT
Olive chinos add a little more color to your wardrobe, and they're really versatile. I'd go with those, since they're awesome f/w pants. I've got a pair and I really like them.
thanks! any suggestions? I've already got a pair from h&m but the crotch is too low and they look awkward imo
Really depends on your price range. I've heard awesome things about .. High quality, durable, made in the USA (if that matters to you).
Fjallraven travel blazer in navy.
, Something I been thinking about for a while now. 
Do they tell you beforehand what they're sending? Otherwise its seems dumb as they might just be sending you things you don't need, or stock that they're actually trying to get rid of. 
It's like Christmas every month I guess?
Whatever floats your boat man, but I would personally spend my money on something definite. 
Merc Harrington jacket in black. Looking for something versatile.
Yes, but buy it from the merc website and you'll save around 30 bucks
Thanks for the tip!
[deleted]
I think you mislinked it. Dope song tho
Hiatus Kaiyote. I think this track came out this past week.
wrong link
Its TheClymb sale and they actually are in wide which is hard to find. I really want black boots and 130 bucks is a steal, but I'm not sure if I like the white soles.
I like them a lot but you could always resole for a little more if you dont like the sole
This . or this .?
neither are good quality, but if i had to pick one i guess the safari jacket
What defines quality?

Based on the link, the only thing you can really judge on the internet is stitching and hem. So how did you decide it was bad quality?

I've wanted some long Madras pants for a while but I've heard that they're going out of style. Can they be worn with anything but a white shirt?
get it. dopeness.
white shirt is the standard i think
i think madras can work in certain fits, but i just dont care for the pattern on those pants.
I saw a guy trying tose on in Brooks this morning. They look VERY old man golf club to me in person..BTW run to your local BB everyone, so many awesome shirts on sale. 
 for fall and winter. Just unsure since all the model pics of people wearing it look really ..
Really cheap watch from amazon, not much to it but I liked the look of it. Worth it?
get a timex weekender 
This doesn't really answer his question.
 for $49.25 or . for $59.90?

Red Wing Beckmans
Went into Clarks yesterday to look for new shoes. Saw . were on sale (semi-annual sale) for about $85. Thoughts?
Clarks isn't very good. The desert boots and wallabees and their variants are some of the few decent shoes they carry.
I'd say pass on those. 
 jacket? I'm curious as to what you guys think.
If it fits your style, then go with it, just be advised that asos has really shitty quality. 
Cheers, think I will. Yeah? is it that bad? I've bought some stuff from them before, it is pretty cheap so I don't expect much, and the stuff I got a while back seems alright. 

Horrible colour, 
i dont really like the shoes, partly because it just smacks of middle school, but also because the color isnt very versatile. for that sort of look and price id just go with vans or converse maybe.
My college colors are blue and yellow, so I feel like I could work them in that way maybe
Clark's Unari beewax.
.
.As an autumn/winter boot?.89$.Ye or Nay
Nay
Don't Know about these

I would really like them if they didnt have the "Feiyue" on the side
look pretty fly

no.maybe.maybe.yes.no.maybe
no.no.yes.no.yes
I'm torn about which colorway of 574s to get. I'm mainly going to be wearing them with khaki and navy chinos and shorts, should I get ., ., or .? Thanks.
I remember buying a pair of these and they just emanate and old person feeling. I say this because the sole seems too thick, and if they had velcro straps, you can bet your grandpa would be wearing them. 
actually my grandpa did have this white pair of NBs with velcro straps. thanks for the input though m8, i think im just gonna go full grandpacore
Grey. Dark grey is cool too but I'm not sure if I like the sharp contrast between the grey and white parts of the shoe. The regular grey is easier on the eye. 
How about . grey?
yea i think im just gonna stick with the grey i linked in my first post, thanks anyway though
yea i can see that, thanks
grey
alright thanks
 
or 

even for premier brand... its a lot of branding
Either looks good, I think it comes down to your preference. 
I like the gray better.
neither. they both look tacky.  .unless you're buying it to show off that you bought a wtaps item, of course.  in that case, buy both of them.
Clarks Original Wallabee Desert Weaver, $100 on ebay. Not sure if cool or just weird looking. 
Anyone here have any experience with the LL Bean Norwegian sweater?
 for upcoming winter
If someone can offer some advice:
What kind of black shoes will work with formal pants and business casual pants?.Formal pants like black pants, + shirt maybe tie. To a wedding! or to work! but tie/jacket optional..Business casual pants, like the grey, khakis, ...jeans...maybe? .Thanks. ;3
JCP Staffords at my local JCP for $50. Yes or no?.also . or do I just wait for the 
If you need dress shoes now or just need some to wear for certain occasions then yes. If you aren't anticipating wearing some anytime soon then it's better to save up for AE. I've had mine for 7 months and i wear them to work 2-3 times a week. They still look good but they're not holding up great and idk how much longer they're going to last. The leather is thin and cheap. 
Yes
given that the price of a resole of ae costs as much as the shoe a pair of stafford  is ok at the price
. Not so sure about the quality.
eh at that price its not that big of a deal
What do you think about . instead?
ive heard bostonian isnt that gr8 of quality. if you're looking for decent bucks with known quality look around for bass, they are not the best bucks you can buy, but they're good as just entry-level.
Yeah I was looking at those too. I think I'm gonna get Bass Bucks in White. Thanks man.
no problem fam
I had just ordered these jeans: . 
Good choice? Sorry for the link wall.
Do you guys think . are going to be better than last years? 
Would not risk unless someone reports otherwise. 
I got one in dark brown at the Soho store. It's thin, but it looks quite good and it seems warm. Plus, it's like 40 bucks. I haven't had it long enough to comment on pilling, but I like mine enough to get another.
I never owned Uniqlo sweaters, but I do need more sweaters in general. How could last year's be improved?
I just heard bad things about them last year, things like pilling and overly thin.
I bought one last week. I don't have experience with last years', but this one is pretty light and comfortable, and quite warm, though not quite warm enough that I would wear it in the dead of winter. With a jacket, I'd say they're ideal for mid-late fall.
They're very thin, but I'd risk $40 for the sweater...they feel a little better then last year's 
hmm ok, I'll have to think about it then as I'm planning on buying an olive and natural sweaters for F/W and I already found an olive one on ebay.
I have one from what you would call "last year." Super thin, still warm. As long as you're careful it'll last. 
Where do you live? I'm dealing with a MN winter fuckers are harsh some days, so warmth is a priority.
I guess my warm and your warm is totally different then hahaha. I live in san diego. This alone can keep me warm in like late fall ~60-65F or so. In the winter in the 50's i have to put on a jacket ;_; 
50's I'm out in t-shirts and jeans hahaha I think I will wait until others take a chance on it.
It's not worth 40$ imo. Wait for the sale. The 30$ crewneck sweatshirts on the other hand are definitely worth it. 
Because I don't want white Converses. 

30 quid, checked it out in store and the quality size and detail is great, think I only didn't get it because its . here in England
I like it. I'd say get it.
Me too, done!
Just get it now price will only go up once it's actually chilly enough to wear it
Pulled the trigger! It's 29.99 from 89.99 and I'll definitely use it once this heat buggers off
Hoping to pick up these . in the Nordstrom sale.
Are you sticking with black? 
Nah. I believe the ones they will be selling are cigar.
I got em from the pre sale :))))))))
I'll take 11.5 in Cigar. The check is in he mail. I promise.
What color options did they have? I plan on getting them when I get access to the sale :(.If they sell out I have other options, but $200 for those would be a killer deal.
I've been trying to sign up for their debit card for 3 days to get early access to the sale, but every god damned time the 'application system is down.'
I love them. Get some dark denim and rock those boots. 
Oh Ok. Get them for sure. Black would have been cool also.
Black will also be on sale.
The cigar color is fantastic in person
I on the fence between those and .. I'm gonna have to try them both on to make a decision.
Get the Red Wings. By all accounts the To Boot shoes aren't very good.
In person the To Boots look much less quality than the Red Wings.
That was my gut instinct, but I keep coming back to the toe box shape on the To Boots.
Are there any boots in the same shape and style, but in higher quality?
Why? Quality or style?
What do you mean, sale?
You and basically everyone else on MFA. 
I'm getting them first. You assholes better not buy them all. Haha. 
Challenge accepted bro

Not a popular opinion here, but I like them.
I find it similar to ask about basketball sneakers on the fashion forum similar to asking about fishing gear to a soccer sub..It isn't about bad or good, just that it's not really aplicable to the "fashion" group. Maybe some far stretches, but these are really far stretches.

These are swaggin do cop.mfa just isn't that into sneakers
Not really, all "fashion" doesn't have to be fancy clothing. People can't always/don't always want to be wearing "nice" shoes, and nowadays, sneakers are just as much a part of fashion as anything else. I find asking about sneakers on a fashion forum similar to asking about soccer cleats on a soccer forum.
I feel like camo is a bit played out at this point but these are still nice.
If I were you I'd ask . for their opinion. For myself though, gotta love them air max, I say cop them. 
not that colorway, but yes
Yes.
They look like these weight loss shoes...

thats a nice color, is it new? 
Oh yeah. Do you know the cheapest you can get these for?
I found them for., but they seem to be running out quickly.
Got mine for $70 at citysports in Boston. Roshes are next to impossible to get for under retail.
Do it. I just bought a pair a couple days ago and it's probably the most comfortable shoe I've ever owned. They look great with dark jeans too.
I'll definitely need them, since my job requires me to stand all day.
For sure.
Wouldn't know, just discovered Roshes recently.
I made the mistake of walking into Nordstroms on the way home from work yesterday. I ended up with these . for $170 and a Nordstroms card. Good choice?
yeah
Good choice, though navy is a difficult color if you wear a lot of denim.
I mostly got them as something I can wear to work, and also wear out to bars. I have other shoes for when I want to wear navy pants or denim. 
Cool, those are perfect. Beautiful shoes.
[deleted]
Khaki is hard to pair with tan. Olive is probably the most versatile.
I started buying a lot more non-blue pants due to my navy footwear acquisitions
I did the same.
Yup. I try to crowbar my blue cronmok's into pretty much anything I can.
And so the cycle begins....Same here, its a good purchase if you already have the staples down
If you're wearing navy chinos you'll get the most mileage out of tan.
Ah screw you. My budget really only allows the Strands or the Neumoks. I KNOW I want the strands... I know they're more versatile... I know they'll work better with my upcoming suit purchases. .But damn it if I don't love those Neumoks. 
My choice was between the Strands and Neumoks. The $50 cheaper swayed my choice a little. 
Well, they're both super nice. Thee $50 would be nice, but I've just wanted the Strands too long to pass up for a shoe I've only wanted a week. .EDIT: Plus, for me, the price delta is a factor. I'd ultimately have more money by buying the Strands on sale and the Neumoks @ full than reverse. .Regardless, they're sweet. 
The . is pretty similar to the Neumoks, although definitely much more casual looking with the synthetic sole. I picked up a navy blue pair yesterday for about 70 bucks from the preview sale.
Thanks, but I can't get into the Longwing look. Still, tempting... 
Yeah, I was really tempted for the Strands, they were just $220ish and I feel like I would baby them if I ever wore them out. The Neumoks I feel like I wouldn't worry about as much. 
 Sold out. 
And the last one is mine.  Thanks!
Buy those as fast as you can. 
just bought the 2nd to last one
nice! been wanting a pair of blazers for a while, thankfully that's my size!
Where did you get them/whats the colorway called?
They are gorgeous, buy them
I found them on ebay. I went ahead and did a little research on them, because I hadn't seen that colorway before either and I found that they were exclusive to one site but they sold out awhile ago. The colorway is wolf grey/dark blue, at least according to the ebay page. 
you piece of shit i had those on my watch list for so long i was going to buy them tomorrow why did you have to post the link on this thread
Bought a pair on a complete whim, worse comes to worse I'll resell it to y'all on .. Thanks a lot for the heads up!
cop
No
But he will be camo on the court. Nobody will see him.
also we had our own . about shorts a month ago, dont see why this is necessary
Those shorts are really bad. I would not recommend those be worn with anything! 
I'm personally not a fan of jean shorts, but I'll try to distance myself from that opinion as I give you some advice..So, assuming you do like the jean shorts look (I'm guessing you do)...you need to think about the color pairing a bit more. You're crossing colors over from a couple different color schemes, and I think that's where you're having trouble. .The shirt is a bright pastel blue, while the jeans are a super washed out, earthy grey blue. You should pair the shorts with another pastel color or something light like light khaki or white. The jean shorts, look to pair with more earthy colors. .You could also do to shorten the jean shorts a bit more, so that the cuff isn't quite so thick. 

very helpful advice. I need a friend like you in real life aha
Thanks for the advice. the picture doesnt do them justice but they are an old pair of lucky brand jeans turned into jean shorts. .And in reality look something like this. 
....I know many people are opposed to jorts, but they are also very in right now, and these jeans had started to bell bottom out and I didnt want to get rid of them
Just because they are "in" doesn't mean they look good. The cuff on them is really bad, and I just don't think they look good. That is my opinion though! .The shirt is too big as you mentioned aswell
thank you. any advice on the cuff or just do away with the shorts
I would make the cuffs smaller, as of now they have a bell bottom effect on the bottom of the shorts. 
If you're playing a sport, no one cares what you're wearing as long as it doesn't look tacky. Additionally, none of those shoes look like proper court shoes and you'll increase your odds of getting injured..I'd recommend the Adidas Barricades (I think 7s are the latest ones).  I used them for 6+ years daily and never rolled my ankle on them.  They also give you a new pair if you wear through the outsole in 6 months which I've done on many occasion. .If you're dead set on getting shoes for looks, I like the Ace's best.
Previously competitive junior in here. Get barricades or the shoes Rafael Nadal used from last season off tennis warehouse for cheap. .Leave fashion outside the court when it comes to your feet and ankles, I took all necessary precautions and still sprained my ankles upwards of 30 times throughout my eleven year 'career'. It's not worth hurting yourself if you're going to get good. 
Yikes. Been playing tennis for years now and I still wouldn't think of consulting MFA for tennis shoes. .The shoes are going to be the least stylish thing on the court. Think about your shorts and your shirts. Everyone's wearing shorts and a polo, but how can YOU do that better? 
Thanks, for the reply. The main reason I'm asking is precisely because if I chose a shoe on my own I would pick one based on looks and obviously, if I'm actually using my trainers, support also matters, but I wouldn't know how to judge that without spending a lot of money trying different things. I'll look through the barricades and maybe try some on at the shop. Cheers again.
When you're looking for shoes, make sure they have a wider base to prevent rolling.  There's a lot of horizontal movement in tennis so running shoes like asics work very poorly as they're primarily built with forward motion in mind.
Dude, you're overthinking this. Your first priority should be to have shoes that fit well and work well for tennis. Form follows function in this case. You don't want to get injured.  Go to a store and try them on. Make sure they are comfortable. Sure they might not be the most stylish option, but a cast is one of the least fashionable accessories out there.
Not everyone wants mids or high tops.  They offer more ankle support but stress your knees more (Source:  my orthopedic surgeon when we were discussing my ACL Reconstruction and rehab).  I'll take a rolled ankle over a knee injury any day of the week.
Barricades are low tops and prevent rolling by having a different sole profile. They're wider horizontally.  It'd be really difficult to play tennis in mid/high tops since your footwork would be extremely stiff and limited.
I see, they looked like mids from the pictures I saw.  I know... I play.
Cool dude. Keep it up.
Well, we're all men here. There must be a fair few tennis players..My phone doesn't bluetooth with my (linux don't make fun of me) computer or else I'd show off my kit, which I'm quite pleased with and breathes well, which is important given the weather here lately. The shoes are just the last element. Given your's and the other's comments, it's function over form. Are you also on the Barricades train?
I can honestly say that I have never heard or seen a pair of Barricades tennis sneakers. I generally wear KSwiss and Nikes. It seems to be the standard choice in my area. 
Great. I didn't want to go off just one person's advice.
Ok, cool. I'll keep that in mind.
New Balance if you can get them where you're at.  Some people don't like the style, but if you're looking for a functional shoe that is comfortable and durable you can't go wrong..They are made the USA (of imported materials) so I don't know what kind of availability London would have.
Actual tennis shoes tend to have different soles that other shoes. have a look through these tennis specific shoes. 
Ok, great. Will do.
Just buy a decent pair of trainers, don't try to make a fashion statement. I'd vote for Adidas Adipower Barricade. Fairly cheap, look okay and will actually be good for tennis, but find something that fits . well. 
I appreciate you corroborating . on the Barricades, but I honestly don't know what to look for in a 'decent pair of trainers'. Any advice?
If you can get a proxy, I heard stud homme makes decent RO fakes with Allsaints level "quality".  That style is usually considered a leather fencing because of the asymmetry... even though it doesn't really look like one.
so to clarify, you don't need the droopy collar or the long sleeves?
The collar is nice, but I just want a very slim jacket that doesn't have a bomber jacket waist.
This is a swiss army backpack from around the 60ies. ., 
Hi, I've had a root around and found . page but it's confusing because the backpack underneath is different to the one in the picture... Anyway hopefully it's a step in the right direction. 
Close.. 
belts around necks is a thing now?
Actually quite a few jackets have that, though usually they're fabric rather than leather.
You can tell if it's real Swiss surplus (I have several) by the leather straps, which are thick, smooth, and polished. The leather is also darker and has less stitching than the modern waxed canvas backpacks that are based on the Swiss surplus bags. For example, a new backpack can be seen here: . .Some of the surplus bags also have one of the straps that hooks onto the bottom of the bag for easy removal, you unhook one strap and the other straps slides off very easily.
pretty sure that's a real vintage Swedish salt and pepper canvas rucksack from the WWII era. They are pretty famous for being some of the most well constructed packs ever. You can sometimes find them on eBay or army surplus sites/stores. 
 looks like the . doesn't have the external pouch.
Lol, we've had a M39 rucksack lying around at home since the 90s when my dad bought it at military surplus. I had no idea it had a hype going for it.
fuck I meant Swiss. I always confuse the two.
always refer to it as CH and you'll never confuse 'em again. maybe.
but then you might forget how to spell "Czech" and think that it's made in the Czech Republic, or possibly that I made it
I got to that page as well, It seems as if they are trying to sell the bag underneath using the above photo
Seems like a camera sling.
the only unalterable jackets are CCPs fused seam jackets. bad idea taking stuff to a place (specially) like Jos A. Banks
What's a fused seam jacket?
it's a jacket built with a technique that consists on taping the seams and fusing the tape to the cloth with heat. it allows to construct seams without stitching. it's a experimental technique used by Austrian designer Carol Christian Poell. 
Yeah, I didn't really want to take it there, but I was visiting home at the time and my dad swore up and down that the tailor there was really good :/
Just get the second opinion. If they couldnt even explain it well then I dont feel like they know what theyre talking about.
Took it to a tailor today, he said it can absolutely be altered. Looking forward to picking it up on Thursday now
You're problem is that you went to a clothing store to get something tailored that you did not buy there.  Go to a real tailor and you will not have any issues.
Buy a gray pullover hoodie (e.g., Champion), cut off the sleeves, and cuff them.
I just wanna know where I can get one of their hip hop t-shirts... never seen anything like it before. 
Literally anywhere else.
a link would be nice...
Sorry man, probably should have included that. 
that did nothing. I wasn't talking about a standard hoodie.
Bonus: Apply waterproofer once you have your shoes back! =)
this guy is great:
Hello, the 1990s are calling. Wayfarers are early 1980s. Just because hipsters are wearing something similar, often without lenses, doesn't make them cool....it usually has the opposite effect.
These look clubmaster-esque..I'm actually really digging them, they look suitable for your frame.
From the picture though, it look like they're floating above your cheekbones a little far, but that would be my only concern..If it feels right and comfortable with you, I'd say go for it. 
to start? cool monochrome shit, cuffed black trousers, black tech jacket, etc
From the new Netflix show "Orange is the New Black".  Jason Biggs' character is actually quite well dressed, I've noticed..Thanks!
+1 i was thinking the same when watching the show.
slim fit is what you want. Regular fit is wider thru the waist to accommodate expanding waistlines of middle-aged guys. Try to get a mid blue, rather than dark navy. And look for a birds-eye or nailhead pattern for interest.
Don't confuse 'fitted' with slim fit. It's kinda hard to pull the two apart in your mind, but a properly fitted jacket isn't necessarily slim. And no, nothing unprofessional at all about 'properly fitted. .You're a bit bigger than I am overall (6ft 160), but you're still tall and slim. Nothing wrong with emphasizing that. 
I'll second the suggestion for mid blue (or mod blue as some places call it) .Unless you're looking at the sub-150 price range, don't take this as a suggestion of an actual blazer to buy, but look to express for some good examples of the fit and color to look for. They have lots of slimmer cut mod blue blazers and suits (use a coupon if that's where you actually buy, and try to wait for a sale) 
Depending on your dressing style, why not get e.g. a dark blue band that will go with both brown and black?
Match them. Black band with brow shoes is bad. A reversible band will be tacky. However, swapping watch bands is easy, and will give you more freedom as to which shade(s) of brown you desire.
Interesting thought, I think I would rather stick with brown and black though, I can't even really imagine how a dark blue watch band would look with that. I appreciate the idea though.
Thanks for the feedback, good to hear that others agree they should match and I'm not that OCD. I was concerned that even if reversible straps where a thing that it would be kinda cheap and tacky too, so you are probably right and I will look into going the band swapping route. Thanks again.
Why not get a brown strap and swap them as needed? It's really easy if you have a .. 
Is that something that can be done relatively quickly/painlessly? I'm not a terrible morning person but I would prefer something that I can do relatively quickly. And if so, are there any drawbacks to swapping them? Can it be done on any watch band or do I need to buy specific types? Thanks for your quick response, its probably more realistic than what I was looking for.
Well, I could probably do it in about 1-2 minutes. It's not difficult, but it's not an instant operation that you can do while you're driving either. .One alternative, if you want a more casual style, is a NATO strap. Unlike the leather strap you have currently on your watch, a NATO strap is a single piece that threads around the springbars like .. Swapping a NATO strap only takes a few seconds. They are usually nylon but you can get . as well. 
Thanks a lot, I'll look into this more tomorrow, but I will probably try and go with the band swapping route. One last question, I'm sure there is a guide somewhere for this but do you have any recommendations on where to shop for a quality leather band on a budget? I'm not quite sure I understand how the NATO straps work but I'll do a bit more research on them tomorrow too. Thanks again for your help.
I don't have any specific recommendations for leather. All of my watches either have metal bracelets or NATO straps. Maybe .? I don't know much about the brand but it seems like it would work. Your watch takes 24mm bands according to the Overstock product page.
Cool thanks again, I am definitely going to go ahead and invest in another watch band and removal tool. Not sure why I didn't give this idea more thought beforehand, but I appreciate you pointing me in the right direction.
If the Levi's are "literally perfect" for you, then why don't you get another pair?
If you want a really nice pair I would recommend 3Sixteen. 
How much are you willing to spend. If you want to go up to about $90, Unbranded are highly regarded starter raw denim jeans. Made similarly to Naked and Famous. Well worth it. If you want some real high quality jeans I can recommend more from there. 
Well they're nice, but I'm having trouble finding another pair in stores. And I know there are some other nice denim manufacturers, and I'm always open for a change!
Levi Strauss Signature was their low tier brand (Walmart, target etc) if I recall correctly. I think they have changed to Denizen but you should get Levi's regular line. Try the 511 or 510. 
I like their travel jeans, but they definitely fit a bit differently than the washed chinos.  For one, there's something like 2% spandex in the travel jeans - so they have a bit of flex to them.  I find them to have a less tailored fit feel overall, and in the bottoms especially.  I feel like their travel jeans have a slight boot cut or flare at the bottom as well.  .That said, they are great pants, but dont expect the same fit as the chinos.  They're meant for what they are advertised as, great pants with just a bit more roominess for comfort during travel, while still looking good.
Serious question: .Is there a reason you got tan bucks and white canvas oxfords, instead of just getting white bucks? White bucks are reccomended EXTREMELY often, and I think would look better than either of those two pairs. .Having said  that... For the white ones, brown of some shade would be ideal, probably closer to tan than walnut. You technically can do black, but the outfit I imagine you wearing the canvas shoes with probably wouldn't support a black belt. .For the tan ones, I'd match or go lighter. 
[deleted]
Absolutely can't go with a black belt on the Bucks, that would look awful. 
I think that for a casual wedding, well-fitting chinos, a nice brooks brothers button down sport shirt, and a pair of walnut strands (with no show socks if you're daring) would be quite appropriate.  I'd also think about getting a solid pair of shades too, you'll need them at an outdoor wedding.  .  .I'd tuck the shirt for the wedding and then play the reception by ear.  
Comfortable casual is kind of a strange descriptor but I wouldn't go . casual because it's still a wedding. You know the couple so you probably know what they're looking for..I'd do chinos - probably in navy, like you said. Maybe like a white or blue OCBD on top, that way you can tuck or untuck depending on how the other guests are dressed when you show up. AE's should be fine but if your cousin (and guests) are super casual you could swap them out for a more casual shoe, that's your call. 
Don't buy factory seconds, nordstrom a anniversary sale has strands in walnut for $229 starting Friday, unless you sign up got s for debit or credit card and get early access. You can't beat that price, and I heard ae stores are matching that price too.Edit: also, make sure you wear your strands several days (not in a row) if you want them to be comfortable by the wedding
But if I can go in store to inspect the pair I will purchase I think I can get a better deal that $230. Seconds sell for what, $180? $50 off sounds good to me if there is no major blemish.
There is always something wrong... Why not pay the extra $50 for an assurance of quality and the great return and customer service policy. $50 is nothing for a shoe that should last you 15+ years
Thanks, just got walnut strands direct from the AE store for $230 after a Nordstrom price match.
You'll quickly realize money well spent, grats on the purchase
and by "hey guys" and "thanks guys" I meant gals too.
Sorry about that time I punched you. 
Ha. It's was the emotional trauma that was the worst. 
NYC meetup spring 2013 - never forget
Shades are a good idea, I'll probably pick up something clubmaster-esque. Any ideas on a belt that will work well with the strands, besides the AE walnut belts?
Well, if you're going to grab an AE walnut belt, I'd do it now during the Nordstrom sale you'll save 30 bucks. (they're seventy right now). .If you're not, Orion saddle tan dress belt is close. That'll set you back $45.I also found a casual leather belt at Express of all places that matches pretty well.  That was $14 on sale IIRC.  
Just wear them whenever you won't be wearing black shoes. Either of those pairs will work well as accent pieces to typical bizcaz outfits.
Should I avoid certain colors as far as my pants and shirt go? I figure they could make a nice statement if I wore them with just a simple white shirt/black pants..Would I be able to swing these with a more casual summer outfit?.I only ask for specifics because I am color blind.
I'm a fan of bold socks for sure. My job requires a suit or office wear every day, and I usually sport loud patterned socks as long as they don't clash too badly with the rest of my outfit. I think socks are something you can have a lot of fun with, even in a formal setting. For those interested, George HW Bush is an awesome example of this..Whether you like him or not, the man knows how to wear a pair of socks. .I have a similar green pair that I wear with a grey or black or charcoal suit and with my jeans as well. I'd be a bit more cautious with the pale yellow. 
These socks are sort of intentionally loud, so I wouldn't worry to much about color matching. I would generally make sure the rest of the outfit is pretty muted though.
care to share  you buy your socks?
I don't really have one set store in particular, but I have a few that I have bought socks from frequently. I'm from Vancouver, Canada, and The Bay here has an awesome variety of socks. I really like Ralph Lauren's designs. I've got all kinds of plaid and argyle in a variety of colours. I've bought a few from The Tie Bar as well .
and I've picked up a bunch at H&M surprisingly. Basically, if I see a sweet pair of socks I'll grab 'em. 
Eh, I wouldn't wear them with black pants, and I probably wouldn't wear the green with charcoal either. Navy/off-white/brown/khaki/grey pants will all work fine. Any color shirt will work too, though, again, not black. 
Huge supporter of the bold socks, makes you stand out. I say go for it
Especially the section on specific items
Thank you!! I didn't know this existed; thanks a ton!
[deleted]
Just my $0.2, Buckle is one of my "stay away" stores.
someone owes somebody 18 cents
Well everyone has their right to express their opinion , so I'm not judging anyone, especially since I've only been here for a few minutes. Thanks for the tips! I'll make sure to wear something a little more simple when wearing the jeans. Boots wise, I was never a big fan of square toe so I've breen kind of browsing for some simple boots to wear with them, something on the cheaper sound. I found a couple nice looking pairs on ebay that I may buy.
[deleted]
This isn't r/howtolooklikegeorgestrait
Square toe boots is definitely not the way to go.
Please leave and never come back.  This is not the subreddit you're looking for.
Ew you're right. This sub is horrible. I didn't know this was a sub on how to look gay. Maybe gayfashionadvice should be in the title somewhere
@Rjbman, overpriced I agree but my Mom has had a pair of their jeans for 5 years or more now and they're still in perfect shape. Unfortunately they are definitely too baggy past the knee (most jeans I wear are for some reason, minus a few meh brands like American Eagle and A&F). I'll look around for some other jeans and see what I find..@whospink I'll read through..@dccorona, they're definitely the most comfortable pair of jeans I've ever worn. I've worn the same style of clothing for years, I've always been a rocker guy and my clothing has always followed suit so I don't know if I'll grow out of the look or not. I don't like the thick stitching at all either, which is why I tried on these which didn't have the thick stitching and big pocket designs..Thanks for everyones opinions!
How expensive? Those back pockets don't look good.
The wash and the pockets are really no good at all. If you are going to drop a lot of cash go for something simpler without artificial wear marks and jazzy pocket detailing. You shouldn't be overshadowed by a pair of jeans. 
Lol, square toe boots.
God those look bad. .Sorry man. :(
rock revivals are one of the most comfortable pairs of jeans I've owned...I used to wear a pair like sweat pants, they were that comfy..That said, I've long since grown out of the style, myself...I find them far too over designed. The superstitched denim fad is sort of going away, too. Based on your (inferred) age, there's really nothing wrong with them, just don't expect to go more than a couple years before you outgrow the style
The jeans are baggy past the knee because that's what boot cut means, wider at the leg opening than the knee. 
Those are pretty awful. Please read through the sidebar, specifically the denim guides. 
Yeah, it's almost like a collection of individuals devoted to doling out advice, comments, and criticism to those who post photos of themselves in our little part of the internet or something. 
[deleted]
Maybe you shouldn't have said that at all.
Those are overpriced, low quality, overstylized, and . too baggy past the knee (pretty much all bootcut jeans are). If you're looking for some good expensive jeans there are plenty of options out there but stay away from stuff like Buckle, Diesel, 7 For All Mankind, True Religion, and similar brands.
That guy's forearms are massive, holy moly.
Hahaha that's awesome. 
50$ for a simple vneck....
Naming the shirts was a really fun process! The Dirty Zebra is the winner of a naming contest we held on facebook. .Beanstalk t's are good quality, super soft, fun, dryer friendly,  and made from a cotton/bamboo blend.
Dude thank you
Anything for my fellow tall dudes out there
It's a niche product done with quality materials and low-volume production.  
His point is still valid, though..Next thing I'm gonna see is a lanky >6'5 guy asking for advice on a t-shirt and this subreddit telling him to get beanstalk shirts..Fifty bones is still expensive for a simple t-shirt, 'quality' or not. Unless you're someone like Kanye and collaborating with APC to piss people off, you can't just charge $50 for a shirt because of your relatively small audience pool.
You can't say that when you don't know the quality of their materials or construction.  Unless they're idiots, their t-shirts are . priced based on five factors:.Of course if it turns out they're crap quality and (1) and (2) are the main reasons they're priced the way they are, then yes, you have a right to say . 
Good point.
I'm way too short to use this but I like that someone comes up with all of these names for things like a purple v-neck or "The Jafar.".I want that job.
I just realized that by putting "the" in front of a word you can make anything sound like a sex position. Especially something like "The Dirty Zebra". 
"The Anchor," "The Peacock," "The Goose."
My best suggestion is to go with Suit Supply. You'll get a good quality suit for not too much money. Then take the rest of your budget, take your suit to a good tailor, and get it polished up to the fit you like.
thanks! haven't heard of suit supply before
No goatee. 
I haven't looked at the picture, but the answer to that question is always no goatee. If you want facial hair go full beard.
If you're going to wear a goatee, you'd have to keep it trimmed. Sloppy, patchy facial hair is not attractive. You have a great smile and nice teeth. Your facial hair is taking away from this.
The first picture is the look I just got rid of. Is the second pic not trimmed enough?
Isn't a goatee supposed to connect the hair above your lips to your chin? I just don't like it like you've got it. It's my personal opinion though.
I think of the goatee as just the hair on the chin. Mustache and soul patch not included.
you're right, as far as I know. A goatee is just on the chin. Connected around the mouth is something else, maybe a different type of goatee.
Your beard isn't wide enough to make a goatee work, and it doesn't look like you could grow a reasonable beard any wider..Fortunately, unless you're hiding something horrible under that hair, your face would look perfectly fine clean shaven.
I tried clean shaven before and it doesn't work for me - my face just looks far to empty.
You probably just feel that way because you haven't been clean shaven since middle school. You have that same stuff on your face as everybody else. 
Except for a large distance between nose and upper lip. That space called to me in my sleep when I was last clean-shaven in college, whispering, "provide me with facial hair." Who am I to not oblige my face's desires?
You only see that on yourself because you had a beard there for so long. People with bangs think their forehead is too big when they brush their hair back but in reality it is just something that looks normal and they are not used to. 
Go clean shaven. 
your look screams "I'm . fucking lazy".if that's what you're going for, well you nailed it.otherwise, get a haircut and shave all that shit off your face
results of haircut and shave depicted in the second picture of the album.
thin... so thin..get rid of it.
Impossible to tell without a picture.
thanks for pointing that out. i went full derp. 
Based on that, I don't think the goatee is really working for you (and neither did the chops). However, if you have the genes to go full beard, I'd definitely try it.
Sadly I don't have the genes for a full beard :(
Trim everything equal length. Try 2mm or less. 
Goatees are almost never attractive. That 'almost' accounts for the possibility that there is an attractive goatee that I haven't met yet.
Goatees are the mullet of facial hair..And I say this as someone who had one for a while.
RDJ maybe? But it's more like....in spite of the goatee rather than because.
kanye west / lots of black people
He looks better with a full stubble IMO.
Had a goatee for about four years and agree completely. 
I used to be in goatee denial.  Thankfully I found r/wicked_edge
Get rid of all of it. Your longer sideburns also. It isnt working.
by longer sidburns, you mean the ones in the second picture?
I'm ., so please forgive me, but shorter sideburns do help in my opinion
Yes.
A tux would absolutely be overkill for the kind of wedding you're planning.  I'd look into a navy or charcoal suit, and I'd wear it with a white dress shirt and a simple grenadine tie in a color like navy or dark green.  The suit guide and/or fit guide on the sidebar will help with the details.  Congrats & good luck!
I got married last August in a very similar manner..My wife had a lighter material white dress for the summer heat. 
I wore grey dress pants, a black vest, white dress shirt and black tie/belt/watch. Fancy but wasnt over doing it. .Our wedding was out in nature also and that seemed to be a good middle ground..Feel free to ask anything and congrats!
Looks like the blazer is a little too structured to be worn on it's own, and it seems like it belongs in a suit. Try something a little more casual. You can find fairly unstructered navy blazers in H&M I think. Not too important though. Brown shoes definitely, and if you want a pocket square, go with cream. Then you're good!
Definitely don't do black shoes and belt, not with an outfit like that since you're going informal. And a pocket square is totally appropriate. You could wear white, but I would suggest something a little different instead, so it doesn't perfectly match your shirt. .And is that a black tie? I'm not sure I would recommend that. How about a dark navy? 
Thanks for your input.
I'm not sure what you mean by "too structured", which one?
Check the sidebar links for more information but to clarify what the poster above meant: a blazer or a sport jacket and the jacket of a suit are two different things. Suit jackets are meant to pair with a specific pair of suit pants. Blazers and sport jackets are meant for what you're planning - suits are too 'structured' referring to their more formed shape (shoulder pads, etc) and are made of finer weave cloth which cause them to look out of place without the pants they were intended for. .I believe choices 1 and 3 are correct but number 1 is probably TOO unstructured and casual for the look you're going for.
I did an H&M fitted grey blazer, with black pants (Le Chateau) and a thin black tie.  I also pulled the whole blue converse shoes.  I might be a MFA reject tho, but everyone said I looked great.  The ol' lady included.  It worked as a summertime 'not formal' wedding dress though! 
Generally "stretch" things stretch less. I know that sounds weird. I mean, a 100% cotton sweater or t-shirt or jeans will gradually stretch out, over time, and assume a larger, permanent shape..An elastene/spandex weave makes it so they stretch well moment to moment -- you should be able to just feel them stretch in your hands -- but snap back to the original shape. It will stretch . over time, but much less than 100% cotton..How much cotton stretches varies by weave, too. Denim stretches, and loose t-shirt/sweater weaves do too, but for some reason chino cloth and canvas don't really, in my experience.
As usual people have different thoughts of what will happen :).I guess i'll just see how it goes. I'll try t remember to report back!
imo you should just return them and find something that fits you correctly, chinos will not stretch the same way denim will, even with a bit of give due to the elastane. A 2" difference in waist size is significant, if you're a 33 then don't settle for anything different. 
They're definitely wearable just a bit tighter than im used to. I checked the mirror, nothing obscene. I'll try it out as I really haven't see size 33 chinos that i've liked. .We're not all blessed with great domestic options unfortunately.
They might stretch a bit but it can really depend. Do you have a link to the chinos or can look at the composition and see if they have any spandex or elasthane in them ?
2% Elastane. 98% Cotton. .:)
I had jeans with the same composition that were a bit tight when I bought them, they stretched to a more comfortable fit. Your chinos will probably do the same, it's normal if they're tight (as long as you can button them without too much hassle) for the first couple of days.
Ok great thats good to know. Thank you!
Urban Outfitters has Alphas. If you go the Ebay route for the Roshes you can get deadstocks.
eBay is probably your best bet for Roshes. Yes, they're authentic..Docker Alphas can be found in any department store
Thanks for your response, and this is probably a really amateur question, but would a department store be like Nordstrom?
wait no don't ebay for your roshes! urban outfitters has several pairs and if they don't have them in the store you go to, then you can just ask them to find a pair anywhere in the country that they have in stock and they'll ship it to you for free (assuming you have someone to receive it).  regardless they generally have a few pairs in stock. try UO before you ebay..footlocker/finishline/champs/footaction/eastbay should also be decent roshe hunting grounds.
Can't speak for everyone in the States... but as a Californian, I'll say this much. I just went to a mall this past weekend and saw plenty of Roshe Runs in stock at Footlocker as well as Finishline. Yelp the closest Footlocker or Finishline closest to your location and call in to ask if they have any in stock in the color/size that you want! :) Good luck.
I believe it is. We don't have Nordstrom here in Canada, so maybe somebody else can confirm.
Yeah its just cause im in the states right now, so maybe I could find them in store somewhere.
We will starting next year.
What city?
yeah, Nordstrom carries alphas, so does Macy's and Dillard's. You can always call the store first and find which locations have your size/color preferences, since stock will definitely vary.
Vancouver, at least. Dunno about other cities. 
except kohls, jcp, sears, neiman marcus, bloomingdale's, barney's, and sak's.  .so, not nearly all of them.
Why don't all places that carry Dockers carry Alphas? Too slim for those markets?
Probably. Your guess is as good as mine. 
Thank you, do you have any idea on the Roshe Runs?
Some Footlockers and Finishlines carry Roshe's but I'd call the store ahead of time to make sure.
sadly, no. I'm not much of a sneaker guy. good luck, though.
Or too low brow...
I found a pair at city sports in Boston. Your best bet is to just call all the sports stores near where you plan to go and ask.
Champs carries roshes. 
I'm into the Thom Browne aesthetic so yes.. 
I don't even understand this at all. My legs are nice and cool because it's summer and my top half is FUCKING SWELTERING JESUS CHRIST WHY WOULD I MAKE THIS CHOICE..Also it looks silly to match thick long sleeves up with shorts.
I really dig the look.  Looks profoundly preppy on a young guy, but I dig unabashed prep.
I'm actually thinking about wearing one to my brother's rehearsal/rehearsal dinner.  It's going to be fairly casual.  If I do, I'd be wearing a light plum Norse Projects club collar buttonup, navy Christian Dior blazer, navy H&M shorts, and Florsheim wingtips sockless.  Might even throw in a muted blue bowtie.  We'll see though.  I feel like I might be commanding a bit too much attention (at an event that's not about me).
yeah...NO. seems really unprofessional and a no go
Jesus no I'd never wear it as a suit, ie matching top and bottom. I would consider wearing shorts and a blazer though. Some of OPs pictures look quite nice. 
Don't see anything wrong with it if it's a summery blazer (linen, seersucker). 
unprofessional doesn't necessarily mean bad.see: sockless suit, no-break pants w/ suits, emergence of minimal padding etc etc
this sub really tends to forget about context. 
My question is when would you wear such an item? Too casual for suit events but too formal for casual events. 
 but I think that's about it.
To be specific, most of the depicted pictures are of people wearing blazers over shorts. I'm not aware of such a "suit" where the suit pants are short. (unless that's what the guy from AC/DC gets made for him). .As far as whether to wear it...it's an exceptionally preppy summertime look. It's not completely un-pulloffable (It might work if you're going out on your family's yacht), but most of us should probably avoid. If you're going to do it, keep the blazer unstructured and casual, and make sure the shorts are a light color, and look nice. 
They are called Bermuda shorts and are a thing. Check it out. 
Even in Bermuda, the dress shorts are usually a different color then the jacket.  Shorts and Jackets that match (and are therefore a suit) are pretty rare I think.  .After looking, I did find a few examples of shorts suits on runways and for sale on the interwebs, but I can honestly say that I've never seen an actual matched short/suit in real life (and I've actually been to Bermuda).  
When I vacationed there about two years ago it was more common to see a Bermuda suit rather than a paired blazer with shorts. Maybe times have changed though.
I can say that I didn't really go to a bank or any place formal.  Almost everyone was wearing the shorts though. Now that my curiosity is piqued, maybe I'll use it as an excuse to go back there.  
Clarifying this because it seems like no one else covered it, but wearing shorts with a suit is generally called a Bermuda suit (and the shorts are called Bermuda shorts). This is because in the Caribbean and on the island of Bermuda especially there exists a very bank-centric culture, but it's also extremely hot, so all the businessmen wear Bermuda suits. What OP is talking isn't like wearing Chino shorts with a blazer, short suits are actually a thing, and can look awesome. I'll post pictures later when I get out of this long car ride. 
Doesn't a suit require matching fabrics/colours for the top and bottom though? Not that many of OPs examples have this requirement, so I think most of these are just blazer+shorts. I only see four Bermuda suits myself (top left, then top three).
Yeah OP gave bad examples, but Bermuda suits are a thing.
Firstly it's a good idea to learn from this and think before randomly buying something you've no idea how to incorporate into your wardrobe..Secondly, I'm not a big fan of zip-up jumpers and this is no exception..This jumper is very casual and the fair isle pattern limits it to Christmas time/winter usage. Wear it over a t-shirt or casual shirt with jeans or chinos and appropriate shoes/boots.
I personally think the beard in the second photo is drawing a lot of attention to your chin/neck, and that doesn't look too great. I don't know if clean shaven would help to alleviate this. As with the other posters, the chin strap isn't working. I don't know how to help you too much though, because I have a rather angular face and chin and never wear facial hair and yours is more round. Best of luck. .P.S. I like the hair style, but it's a bit shiny. I use the "forming cream" (I believe it's called) from American Crew, and it holds without being crunchy and adds some shine (I have very dry swimmer hair, so it normally is rather bad) without it being "shiny."
Don't use gel. Try a wax. Gel makes you look douchey. 
haircut is nice, but the chinstrap...no
Chin strap isn't working here. 
yep :)
yeah think after shaving it all off i'll try growing it a little and shaving the cheeks clear too see how that works :) thanks for the input though!
ill put up a pic with my wax that will make it a little dull. The Gel was from the hairdresser.
The chin strap screams super douche. I personally put in line with cargo pants and fedoras
hahah yes thats the feeling im getting.
good thing is: im not a douche and dont wear cargo pants and fedoras 
Go for full scruffy. Women find that most attractive
Hi eLAmani,.The chinstrap beard is not doing you any favours here - I'd seriously recommend to shave off the facial hair entirely..The hair looks decent - I'd use a little less gel (or more matte gel) and style it a bit less straight up personally.
hello there :)
Yeah that was what i thought of i too,Straight lines dont fit my face. Kinda funny, but without any beard i just look strange. i usually go with a thicker one which widens to the bottom. 
then go full beard!
i dont know if full beard would work out. doesnt grow that good, but never tried it longer that a month or so i think
Going along with what Syeknom said, your hair in the second picture(yesterday) looks miles better than any other picture as well as your facial hair. Don't style it as much. Use something like American Crew Fiber, instead of a gel, since it's not as shiny. .It's hard for us to judge what you'd look like with no facial hair, I'd like to see a picture personally, but again it looks much better in the second picture from yesterday. Less....douchey?
yeah after a little while now im starting to think that too. all just looks a little douchey :) but thats the fun, u can just try everything !.ill provide u with a wax pic later on as for the pic without any facial hair u'll have to wait till friday. then ill just add it to the album and text you.
No shame in trying new things to see what works. Only way you can do it, sometimes it works but a lot of times it doesn't and you learn from it. 
I think a full, short-trimmed beard could look really good.
i think ill try that next, but too short makes me look kind of messy (added new pics)
Seems like moisture damage, if you are wearing them with no socks and have sweaty feet that could be damaging the sole, otherwise maybe you got them wet without protection..As a side not...what color/material is that, can't discern it from this picture.
Ive never worn them without socks and I havent gotten them wet externally. Based on this I think I will seek a refund based on manufacturing error..With the bew boots I will replace the insole..They are beeswax leather.
Are you wearing those without socks? 
No never. But now I know that its damage and not SUPPOSED to happenm
if you're in vancouver/calgary/edmonton then gravity pope has them in store, but if not 
You can order it from Club Monaco - Canada.
Holt Renfrew, or Browns
Check frugal male fashion for great deals on these boots 
 has frequent sales. 
The Bay beside the Eaton Centre has them in store
For that much you could get custom boots...
 carries them. I believe they have a first purchase discount you can ask for too. They may have the same problem as Nordstrom though.
I think the first purchase discount doesn't apply to Wolverines.
Really? Does it apply to red wings because I was planning on getting a pair from there soon. 
Excluded brands can be viewed by clicking the "GUARANTEE" link at the bottom of the page.
In one of those 3 cities so Gravity Pope works. 
Cheers!
You should be able to find some proxies if all else fails.
Some high-end shirts from places like zegna have polyester in them.I don't know why though.
Sometimes it's more about knowing where the synthetics are you than that it has them or not. Some synthetics are reinforcing. For example a lot of socks include polyester in the seams but not always in the fabric. Full synthetic garments are about the only thing that worries me. E.g "dress pants" from American retailers like kohls
sometimes to be 'wrinkle free', sometimes to give a specific area more structure, but I guess every case is different. 
Synthetics definitely have their place when exercising. Synthetic athletic shirts are designed to pull or "wick" the sweat away from your body, keeping you dry, and cooling you because the sweat evaporates more quickly when pulled away from the body..The difference between synthetic athletic shirts and regular cotton when exercising is rather severe. In fact, when I first started wearing synthetic athletic shirts I threw out all of my tank tops, jerseys, and other cotton exercising shirts..An example of what I'm talking about is Nike's Hypercool shirts: .As far as synthetics in normal fashion, I pretty much avoid them and stick with organic fiber sources.
synthetics have their place. i'm . hoping a chemist will come and correct/elucidate (sklark23) on the process, but where polyester in the '70s was basically a woven plastic sheet, now you can get some impressive stuff happening. .rayon, for instance is a "synthetic" organic and can be used to great effect. doesn't really count? minimal spandex in jeans gives stretch that helps more people fit into tapered fits that are popular now. brands like cdg have been working with boiled polyester to create interesting textures out of things, ie they're doing things that specifically can't be done with organic materials. a lot of jeans also have poly-core stitching because it tends not to fail the way cotton stitching does. mfa/internet favorite outlier uses a lot of synthetics for their products because cotton or wool simply won't get the job done..sometimes synthetics are the cheap option, but as milling gets better, a lot of the times synthetics make more utility sense than organics. plus, why not have some variety?
I just ordered one of the $25 and the $27.99 shirts. Once I'll get them I'll make another post reviewing them, hopefully include some pictures to give a better idea of the fit.
Their size charts aren't showing up.  What size did you try on and what were the measurement? 
I think the $25 one is "last year"'s model. 
I'm 6' 3", 177 lbs and have a fairly athletic body type. The medium fit me perfectly. 
How do the arms measure out? I usually have to go with Larges in basic size shirts due to the arm length being to short on mediums.  Even larges are too short but I can't go to XL unless I want to wear them as pajamas.
Arms fit very well, I was surprised. Went up to my wrist, didn't stop several inches short like many dress shirts I find. The arms weren't hugging the arm tight, but weren't too baggy either. 
Thank you. 
I can't tell you what the real difference is, but the $25 ones are pretty great for $25, I have a couple of them and they have held up well. 
The difference is that weird lining in the placket. I think it's gimmicky - you're better off with the $25 shirt from your second link.
Did you find the sleeve to be unusually tight around the wrist? I have the striped from last years and it a little too snug, I can't wear a watch with it. 
Yeah it was pretty tight now that I think about it. Otherwise it fit me like a glove though. 
Same here, love the way the shirt fits overall. Was wondering if the new ones were the same as I haven't tried one on yet. Thanks. 
Target Mossimo.and everything Sykenom said
Uniqlo.H&M.Zara.American Apparel
Thanks! I have also looked at old navy. They seem pretty good too.
Outlet stores like j crew factory, gap outlet, and banana republic factory also have $5 plain tees frequently. 
Sykenom's list + .J. Crew.Everlane
I'd love more blog suggestions. .For instance, the . is pretty dope. 
Should have just linked to 
yeah he has some great fits, although i'm not a fan of his plaid shirts, sorry 
i forgive you
I don't.
Great guide! I really liked the beginning section and thought it was effective in communicating the feel of this aesthetic to those who might not get it. Clearly you are familiar with the material and the effort put in is abundantly apparent. Some people are already putting in their two cents on the formatting/scope/direction, which is to be expected since most people expect free content to be professionally copy edited. Still, I would agree that a few paragraphs to break it up and a little red-penning wouldnt hurt. .If I might make an addition(s).
tumbler 
. .
Older Inspo albums that can be of use 
.

To piggy-back off you, I'd also like to plug .. More "Americana" than "workwear" if you catch my drift, one of my favorite tumblrs.
Be the content you want to see in the world! Awesome addition that gets a follow from me. .If you have anything else like that then throw it up.
 is perhaps my all time favorite. Increasingly more and more Americana and less #menswear since he finished school, he posts irregularly but when he does, he posts value..Sadly that's about all I've got for Americana/workwear, most blogs I follow are preppy/Ivy League. I'd love some new ones if anybody has them!
I do not understand how the guy in #6 doesn't have his junk hanging out of his shorts. 
Briefs or boxer briefs 
I was joking, I understand how, but I found it funny. Also boxer briefs didn't really exist until the 90s. 
I don't generally follow a lot of tumblr, or fashion blogs, so please excuse my lack of resources. This also why i am lacking in inspiration photos. I've mentioned . before, they guy who runs this blog does an amazing job. Some people find it a little pretentious as he says he isn't fashionable, when obviously is. I think the problem lies in the definition of fashionable. People think his fits are great, and while they are, he always focuses on the individual pieces, and what they mean to him. There is never any focus on  having cohesive fits or matching colors. All his clothes follow a single aesthetic so it's not difficult for him to still have garments the work well together while not putting a lot of thought into the fit. Another website i like is ., it doesn't have a lot of content other than new offerings from brands and new brands coming into the market. I think it's an excellent place to browse through and to find new brands that you haven't heard of before. .For physical reading material i would highly recommend Inventory magazine, their articles reflect mostly the aesthetic and ideals presented in Americana clothing. They are based out of Canada so shipping rates can be fairly high, .  is based out of Portland Oregon and will ship the magazine to you for a fairly low price. I've also heard good things about a Japanese publication called Free and Easy, I've not read it so if any one could tell me a little more about it, it would be greatly appreciated. .As you can see i'm lacking in my inspiration photos, so here are some fits like from simplethreads, please add your own resources, thoughts, comments, feedback. This is my first attempt at a guide so i hope it was informative and helpful. 
No mention of RRL? What about Pendelton?
Red Wing, any of the local woolen mills, filson, L.L. Bean
Also Carhartt..edit: also, thanks for the guide, this is something I am very interested. If anyone could point me in the direction of more English looks than the Americana ones here, I would be eternally grateful. I'm guessing I'd be looking towards more of a country/hunt look..edit 2: also Dickies
There is a guide for English country look on the side bar 
Also Filson. Also  Stormy Kromer.
Needs more images spread throughout, and better formatting. Too many gigantic walls of text. Hard on the eyes.
More pictures everywhere! Ideally a picture for everything that you name. Definitely an inspiration album at the top as well. The look can be shared through pictures, and the guide tells how to get there. You need both!
Yeah, i was really tired when I finished and didn't feel like trying to find some. I'll edit in a few today 
As I stated before, quality is very important in Americana. There are numerous aspects that are often considered. I will try to list a number of them and expound on each one..There are hundreds of things quality wise that people pay attention to. These are the things that I've noticed designers expound on when advertising their garments and things that people really consider when deciding whether or not they want to purchase a garment. Hopefully this will give you some insight when you want to purchase something.      .the problem with this aesthetic is that there isn't very many cheap options because most designers espouse ideals of having high quality handcrafted stuff, made in the U.S. or Japan that will last a long time. For cheaper options you have levi's, which in my opinion doesn't really fit this aesthetic well, the clothing in your price range is not made in the U.S. and their mall clothing is pretty inconsistent in terms of quality. You have . which makes fairly cheap stuff that is made in the U.S. some of their designs aren't the greatest, especially their jeans (from pictures I've seen). Be sure look for sizing because most of their stuff runs large. It is all made in the U.S. Beyond that i can't really think of anything cheap that you can get new. Fortunately most garments are very tough and wear well so buying used is a very viable option. Browse places like ., . etc. You can usually find some pieces that have never been worn for over 50% off of their original price. The market is just saturated with never/slightly used raw denim, you can get some really nice stuff for under $100. Engineered Garments shirts can go anywhere from $70- 150 depending on the original price and use. they are high quality garments that will hold their value if you want to resell. look for chambray and denim shirts, reproduction style dress shirts look good as well. A denim jacket is a must, levi's trucker jacket gets thrown around a lot, but don't limit yourself to it. There are numerous other brands that you can find used, it's just a matter of finding something you like and that looks nice. levi's vintage clothing regularly sells for pretty cheap unused. i really like a couple pieces, but overall i just have a difficult time liking the brand. look for some heavier chinos, or duck canvas jeans. They look great and really go well with the aesthetic. Outwear is pretty important to this aesthetic, look for chore coats, denim jackets, some utilitarian type blazers, parkas. I like . and mfa kinda had a thing with it after . posted a fit of him wearing it. It's a nice alternative to the denim jackets, still looks utilitarian and rough. It's meant to be worked in.   there's a lot of cool pieces you can find and think that this is where a lot of designers have fun with their garments. These won't be as cheap as shirts or pants (some pants that is), but my recommendation is to just troll through buy/sell/trade threads until you find some nice pieces at a good price point. You could probably spend a week just looking through all the various chambray and denim shirts, and there are a lot of nice ones out there. But it's not rocket science, when you see something you like cop it, same with jeans. Although i feel like there's a lot more depth to finding the perfect pair then there is to chambray shirts. For shoes you'll want be looking at some work boots. Depending on your budget you can get good boots anywhere from $150 (thorogood) to $500 plus (white's, viberg kinda). For a cheap moc toe i would go with ., i don't really like their round toe boots so i would step up and get some .. You might want to consider getting a ., they are a good workwear shoe for summer and look really good if pulled off correctly. They aren't a must, but they are something you can wear with shorts. another more summer shoe that goes well with this aesthetic is some classic styled sneakers like new balance. The guy over at . really exemplifies how sneakers can be incorporated into a fit. if you want some higher quality boots i've heard good things about ., ., and .. Oak street and New England Outerwear are definitely more classic styles, where yuketen puts a cool twist on classic designs (a lot of native north and south american inspiration). If you want really high quality check out ., they are made in my home town and most of the stuff they do for fashion type stuff is all custom. You will find stores that stock white's customs made for their store, or you can do it yourself.  I just have a pair of plain soft toe smoke jumpers for work and they are great, they will probably last me 15-20 years. You can really do anything with them, check out ...Brands to look out for when looking at B/S/T threads: Engineer Garments (EG), Wolf vs Goat (wvg, some stuff fits the aesthetic), The west is dead, The Real McCoy's and their sub brands Joe McCoy and Buco, Levi's Vintage Clothing (LVC), Gitman Vintage, Woolrich Woolen Mills (WWM), Post Overalls (Post O'alls). This is just a small example of clothing brands that fit this aesthetic, there are really too many to list. As denim goes i can't even begin to sort through the lists of denim brands out there that may or may not fit the aesthetic, ones that are good brands, ones that aren't, one's who do mostly repro styles and those who do modern cuts. Just see what's out there. 
Should delete 70% of the OP and replace it with this.
It was all supposed to be one post, I didn't intend to go over. I think that it is important to have an introduction like I did then to have the buying guide 
Switch places maybe, but the aesthetic backdrop is an important part. 
Agreed 
If I'm wearing a jacket it goes in the jacket, if not then front right pocket.
keys in front right, wallet in back right, phone in back left. no phone-rectangle on the front of my jeans
Front pocket or in my bag, if I'm carrying one. For some of the phones these days (Note 2) better have a big pocket!.I wouldn't want to carry my phone in my back pocket because I'd be afraid of sitting on it...
Between my humongous, always flexing pectoral muscles where the crevice is. 
i wear it in the front right unless i am wearing raw denim. if i'm wearing raw denim it goes in the back left pocket.
Seriously.  What would you do?  Take it out of your pocket every time before sitting down?  Better hope you don't forget one time.
I never had an issue with sitting on my phone when I used to carry it in my back pocket. It kind of slides to the outside part of the pocket which is barely being sat on. 
I'm generally wearing a button down or sports coat, so I place my phone in the breast pocket.  Failing that, I carry it my front left pants pocket. (Right Handed)
Phone front right, wallet front-left, keys on belt loop. 
Do you find it comfortable to walk around and sit down like that? If yes I seriously need to lose weight, or buy new pants.
I find it more comfortable than sitting on a lump of leather, metal, plastic, and paper. I've never, ever understood the practice of rear-pocket wallet carrying. 
I don't see how keeping your phone in back pocket is considered feminine, but maybe he/she said it because they've seen more women do it than men. .Anyway, I carry my HTC One in my left front pocket, wallet and keys in my front right pocket. I sit on an office chair all day, so I'm worried I'll have a wallet sized mark on my butt if I keep my wallet in my back pocket every day :P
Phone in front right, keys/change in front left, wallet in back right, midori traveler in back left
Cell front left, keys front right, wallet back right for the triple-pat double-check.  
That is my exact setup, down to the triple-pat double-check.
I don't understand how carrying your phone in your back pocket could be considered feminine. Maybe if you put it in your vagina? Anywhere else seems pretty gender-neutral to me.
check out the . guide
not really a heavy dude, just big chest.
alright check out the sidebar then
And then ignore the part about not wearing shorts, unless you honestly look terrible in them. It's total BS. 
First, fit fit fit fit fit fit. Get clothes that fit, and have your shirts, suits, pants tailored. It's worth dropping a few extra dollars to have a couple of seams altered. You will go from flab to fab without any work, just a little dough. .Source: 
Neck: 19
Arms: 35
Chest: 50 
Waist: 38 .Second, be careful who is around you when you call yourself fat/chubby whilst wearing size 34 pants. You might find a huge ex-college-rugby player insulted ;) .Seriously though, just wear clothes that fit. That's half the freakin' battle. You can also wear slim-fit button downs, but you should go a size up from your t-shirts. I find that especially if you have a disproportionate chest:waist ratio (as you definitely do, almost identical to mine), going up a size and getting the slim fit works wonders for fit. .I like the BR slim fit dress shirts. I wear a XL T/polo, so I get XXL and they fit like a dream. .EDIT:I don't wear an XLT, but an XL in t-shirts and polos. I realized that might've been misleading. 
I don't know if they are available in the UK (I'm assuming so), but maybe you should check out Timbuk2 bags. They don't have the fashion as the Ally Capellino bags, but they are extraordinarily practical. Given the rain in the UK, they might be a good idea because they are really quite water proof. I've had a messenger of theirs for two years and it's taken a lot of abuse with no signs of distress. They aren't too pricey either, and sometimes they have sales. . a link (US Store, sorry) for your consideration. The bags are solidly constructed and a good investment if you want something to keep your things dry and safe. 
I have seen these bags before but I was hoping to find something a bit more like those I suggested, where as the Timbuk2 bags are functional with sacrifices in form. Thanks for the suggestion anyway:)
Try . , ., ., ., .I would really recommend the last one since it's in your price range, looks formal enough, and is probably good quality (although someone who actually owns one should vouch for this)
thanks for those suggestions, I really like the look of all the Filsons bags but theyre just a bit too pricy, the the moleskine ones are a bit too plain and would be a bit out of place with my general 'style'. :/
I don't have a good suggestion for a bag, but I use a laptop sleeve for protection . and just a regular messenger bag. This might give you some more options for bags.
I'm gonna go against the grain and make the following suggestion: .it'll be an absolute waste of money. you're 16. nobody will care if you are not perfectly dressed (of course, do not show up in a tee and cargo shorts.) borrow or purchase at goodwill or similar. save that money for better clothes once you've lost weight and have become more informed about what suits you. 
get a suit from a place like burlington coat factory, and pay for the tailoring. 
One nice thing you can buy are shoes since your foot size shouldn't change significantly. 
Lucky for you we have a really extensive sidebar, especially for just getting started!.Look in the section titled "Getting Started: The Most Basic Advice", read through those posts to understand how to begin building a wardrobe. There's even a section titled "I've got $X. How do I spend it?".Underneath those basic sections, there are detailed posts on formal wear, special occasions, and even a guide for "Heavy dudes" under the section "Body type guide".Try reading through those posts, put together an outfit or two, and post in our almost daily Outfit Feedback and Fit Check thread for comments on how your progress is going!
Well, I'm not looking to spend big on a suit. What I'm looking for is a suit that I can wear that's reasonably priced. Also, I have an overcoat that I used in my junior prom that still fits, but I don't have pants. 
Well, my point was that you shouldn't even be looking forward to buying a suit in the first place because:
I know, I read before posting. I just wanted to get some extra info, especially since I'm in a tight money situation.  
if you want extra info, you need to give us extra info first. 
Well, I would say that my taste in clothes isn't the best. I usually don't like bright colors or the color white. I tend to go for darker colored clothing, mainly because its slimming. 
hey, man. if you like to dress all black, there's no shame in that--contrary to the general opinion at MFA. I actually think a dark wardrobe (contingent upon context and personal lifestyle) has as many pros as a more traditional wardrobe. 
Now that you mention it, I won't use a suit that much. Its just that I now see a date in which I will use and I was worried about not fitting in. Thanks for clearing that up.
Lose the weight before you build a wardrobe.  Brooks Brothers is good for formal that is less tight.
Brooks Brothers is also expensive(relatively speaking), especially for a 16 year old. There are much better options for him.
Basics(tee, jeans, sneaks). Buy nice sneakers and as for everything else, buy cheap shit from H&M or whatever because I assume you're going to start losing weight. 
Go to target, H&M, and the cheapest places you can... you never mentioned how "fat" you were, so I can't really help you find outfits, but start one piece at a time.  Are you trying to lose weight? if so, you should go slowly and realize your style while you are exploring clothes... this is where fast fashion comes in handy.  If you are going to lose weight, you should buy disposable clothes, but also have clothes that fit; it always feels good to look good no matter how "fat" you are.  
I'm pretty fat for my size. I weigh about 306 and I have a pretty wide figure. 
OK, so you probably shouldn't go to H&M, but seriously the best thing to do is go to places that have really cheap stuff that fits you as closely as the . will tell you.  Are you trying to lose weight?
To complement this comment and stress a few things that need to be stressed: .if you are serious about improving, you're about to go through an intense period of constant change (both physical as you lose weight and mental as you develop your taste). do your homework, cultivate yourself, research, and buy smart. don't just run into an h/m on sale and fritter your budget. 
Thanks for the tip. But even if I wanted to go to H&M, there aren't any stores where I live.
Yeah, I'm currently am trying to lose weight. But, now that a friend of mine introduced me to this subreddit, I want to change my wardrobe, so I just want to have some clothes that I feel comfortable and look good while I lose the weight. 
dude, seriously, don't spend more than $100 in these clothes you want to get while you lose weight. the simplest of basic wardrobes: think white, gray, and navy. a gray t shirt, a white polo, one pair of jeans. perhaps you already own some of these things. perhaps it's a matter of simply weeding your current wardrobe. if you have "ugly" clothes remember you can always bleach and/or dye stuff. .whatever you do, do not spend more than $100 in your "transitional" wardrobe. use the time to think about your future persona, coherent with your lifestyle (a student, i imagine) and your context (urban vs. suburban, your culture, your peers). .PS. shoes are a different subject. you'll lose weight, but your feet will stay the same. for their versatility, neutrality, value, get a pair of plain white sneakers and a pair of leather desert boots. all in all no more than $200.
That's not true at all. The arches of your feet are flexible tendons. With more weight the tendon tends to get pushed down and your foot gets longer and often wider. Obese people often have low arches or flat feet. When you lose weight your arch can lift again shrinking your shoe size and lifting your arch height. 
You know, I never thought of it, that way, weeding out my ugly clothes.  It makes perfect sense to me. But I also would like to clothes that I can be confident in. So, taking your advice, I think I might lower my budget and replace my clothes that I give away with clothes that I feel that look better on me  
wow. today i learned. thanks! well, then one more reason for OP to wait it.
That's without mentioning a pad of fat that you could shed with significant weight loss, especially around the ankle! 
that's definitely the way to do it... Once you gain confidence it gets even easier to take it off... so just buy disposable clothes really that will hold you over.  I believe in you, man, you can do it!
that looks like a denim or maybe chambray shirt. there's plenty of places to get one, try j. crew, uniqlo, levis maybe
Yes. 
hell yeah I thought so. Thank you!
I'm wearing the same thing as guy on left right now. rolling the cuff looks ok on some jeans and bad on others depending on what the other side of the denim looks like, and how wide the leg opening is (the wider the leg opening, the less ok a cuff roll is IMO). 
yes
The grey with the red accents would probably be the most versatile. I would switch out the laces. And to be honest I'm not a big fan of any of them. 
The classic mfa shoe recommendations are Nike Killshots, Vans Eras or Authentics, and Converse Chuck Taylors. What you are looking at are fine, the best colors will be the ones that are easiest to match, so the ensign bluewhite, the limestone grey bittersweet, and maybe the steel grey black. .I recommend these because there is not that much going on with the shoe, and it will be easier to work into more different outfits. I'd suggest getting different laces, as those thick ones pictured with the shoe scream kid in skateboard shoes. Unless that's a look you dig, that's fine then. 
What laces do you think would go well with them?
Just something slimmer, really. The thickness is what gives them such a kiddie look. 
Most important attributes here:.hit the gym boys
Pretty sure it's just a white scoop-neck. .They're pretty awesome, even if you're thin. 
Maybe try .. Merz is a very high quality knitwear company, and the Merz shirt seems to have a smaller neck opening than the ASOS offering. The cuffs are slightly different, though it's hard to tell for sure since they seem to be rolled up a bit. Their other offerings may interest you as well, but that's probably the closest.
Very very similar to this:
I have this shirt, looks like shit on me lol. .Edit: I just got it a week ago and it's unworn so I think I'm going to send it back, size up and lift, bro.
This is not a perfect answer, but honestly that is just a pretty standard scoop-neck tee. It looks good on him because he's in great shape, but you could achieve a similar with just about any white scoop neck, including that asos one. Only unusual detail I can make out from the picture is the unfinished sleeves, but even they aren't that uncommon.
I suspected that might be the case. Scoop necks usually look a lot less badass so I wondered if it was the design of the shirt. Back to the gym I suppose. Thanks for the response. 
Maybe you're just attracted to Ryan Gosling. .I hear that's pretty common
I can confirm, it is common indeed.
What...psh...no...
Yup that sounds massive. Even if you're going for a "big silhouette," a 22" shoulders and 25" chest is going to fit like a garbage bag on you..Also, I'm just going to post a . since it isn't going to fit you anyway. 
 is a picture of the jacket for reference. I didn't link to the jacket because I didn't want anyone to scoop it up before me haha.
Thanks! Not sure why any designer would make that, since it wouldn't really fit anyone. A person with a bigger silhouette would most likely have a hard time fitting into a jacket with a length befitting a 5'4 person
Altman's Men's Shoes on Monroe. 2 bucks for a shine, but it's excellent quality..Great store for shoes regardless, though service can be a bit pushy sometimes. 
For repairs and whatnot AE recommends Brooks Shoe Service at 29 E madison. If you say that the guys at the AE store sent you, they usually will hook you up.
Thanks and +1 for your user name
Thanks. Do I need to do anything else before I wear them?
Nah, that should be fine. I don't even think you need to get them shined, it's just a good idea. 
Thanks for your help
either lose the jacket or tuck the shirt, that would be my feedback (based on the assumption you'll be doing something about the fit of the shirt...its too long to be worn untucked as is). .Id second the suggestion for an button down collar...its not that I don't think a point collar can go with denim jackets, I just think the collar on your jacket and shirt are too close...they look almost as if they're meant to be overlapping, which of course wouldn't look good either. The more controlled look of a button down collar would look better with this particular jacket. 
get a different shirt but you already know that.i guess the rest is ok, you'll be fine
Shirt would be better as an ocbd, the collar on that doesn't suit the denim jacket. This would get a better response in the Outfit Feedback thread.
Hi there! Argh there's nothing more frustrating than losing a much loved jacket. I've had a little look about online but I think it's a bit trickier because black denim jackets don't seem to be in fashion right now (although I personally feel they're pretty timeless!) What size are you? If I'm looking for something specific that doesn't seem to be in high street stores or online I always go to . You may even find the exact same one! A couple of years ago I also lost a loved jacket of mine, thought it was gone forever and then ebayed it on a whim and found it on there! Otherwise, maybe check Asos market place or Levis :) Hope you find it!  
I will see about taking measurements of my extra slim 25x32 shirts for you later tonight. It may help
Typo 15x32
measurements for extra slim fit 15x32 as measured from the back:.Besides having slimmer sleeves, the ESF shirts are all darted in the back whereas the slim fit are not.
Thanks a lot! If the 15.5 neck size has a broader shoulder, that sounds like it could fit me quite well. Loose in the waist, certainly, but quite decent overall. Thanks again, I appreciate it
I'm 5'10" usually ~155 lbs.  I have about 8 ESF shirts from CT, all in size 15/33.  So far, all but one or two have required tailoring.  Usually I just have them brought in a little on the sides so they are less billowy.  I just give my tailor a sample J.Crew shirt that fits me well and ask him to replicate the same fit through the midsection (cost $10-$15 per shirt).
I'm a bit taller and a bit heavier than that, so I don't know if that would make me more or less skinny... but how billowy were they without the tailoring? I'm not too picky at the moment, as long as they aren't so billowy that they poof out when tucked in.
yeah I figured it's not the most helpful reply.  For me they were good in the shoulders, arms and chest - just a little roomy in the gut.  I wouldn't have bothered with tailoring since I usually wear a full suit to work, but I first bought their shirts in the summer and I prefer a slimmer fit all the way down if I'm not wearing a jacket..For what it's worth, you can usually snag them for $25-$35 depending on sales.  Based on the quality, they are well worth sampling at that price point, in my opinion.  Plus they have free returns.
Jcrew's Ludlow suits or Banana Republic could work, since you are free to choose separates with both. And particularly with Banana Republic, if you wait until they have one of their discounts and sales, you can likely come out with a decent suit for well under 500. 
or get a benjamin sartorial, which is between 500 and 600 i think. it's a fully canvassed suit and from what i hear it's really nice
Black Lapel. They're a M2M company and insure a flawless fit with your own measurements. Black Lapels are definitely better quality than J.Crew Ludlow and Indichino.
check out j. crew, im pretty sure the ludlow is below 500
Try over on r/watches. Sorry for the non-link. I'm on my phone. 
Add an extra slash infront of the . to link
TIL.
Everyone loves Seiko 5s. I also have an Orient Vintage, been pleased with the quality and look.
If you are looking for sub-$500 automatic/mechanical, your best inexpensive option is something with a Seiko or Miyota movement (both Japanese).  You could also take a look at lightly used Swiss/German boutique brands, which commonly use ETA-based movements.  Brands on the lower end of this spectrum include Steinhart, Christopher Ward, Aristo, etc.  $500 is also the approximate entry point for some more reputable Swatch brands, such as Hamilton and Tissot.
i hate to say but Automatics are specialty designs prized by watch geeks & those in the know because they require stricter tolerances to maintain accuracy. That's why cheap automatics (under $500USD) are hard to find and often times inaccurate or prone to premature breakage. On a well-known watch forum they said, "Constantin Durmont is made in China by Millionsmart Enterprises Ltd . with the movement from the Liaonong factory and distributed by German companies rebranded for the European markets.".Truth be told, you'd be off searching for an automatic with a Japanese Miyota movement. Seiko divers employ them and they're robust & superb sports watches.
Seiko 5 is a solid watch for starters, under $100. I personally love the SNK803, but many also like the dark-faced SNK809. Small review here: 
Miyota movements are made by Citizen.  Seiko makes their own robust and reliable mechanical movements.
The Seiko 5 SNK809 and the . would be my recommendations for that price range. Also, take a peek at the 
Yeah, ask yourself why you want an automatic..There are a lot of reasons to want one, but you want to be clear on what you're getting and why.  I have a Seiko 5, but I also have several Eco-Drive watches.  I bought them early in my watch fetish, thinking I'd "never have to buy watch batteries again", leaving me free to have as many watches as I wanted and never have to worry about getting one out of the drawer and find that the battery was dead - something that seemed to happen EVERY time I'd pull out a dress-watch for a special occasion, etc..The reality is this:  .All of that said, I LOVE my Seiko5 as a beautiful "thing", and I now wear it probably 5 days a week.  I've finally found a REALLY comfortable and adjustable leather band that's deployant-native (i.e. not one of those add-on clasps with the extra bulk under the buckle), and has that classic leather/military style like a Hamilton Khaki, etc..The only times I don't reach for it first are days when I KNOW I'll be doing a lot of sweating (grab the silicone-banded watch for that), when I'm going for a VERY sporty look (have a much larger faced hybrid-nato band ecodrive for that), or I'm dressing WAY up - I have a pair (one brown, one black) of sleek leather-banded dress watches that go with my suits for anything short of Tuxedo.
That "deployant-native" leather band sounds interesting. Link?
The Speidel 3103R - still available on eBay and elsewhere, last I searched..
example: .So it's not obvious by the picture, but part of the buckle has a toothed tension lock, so the band is infinitely adjustable.  Depending on how much extra band you have, you can either just let it stick out the end, or trim it.  My wrists aren't big, so I trimmed an inch or so off the end.  The trimmed end is "inside" the buckle when it's fastened, so it ends up looking really clean.  More importantly, it's much lower profile than the type that have the extra tab of the strap sticking through somewhere and you don't have to tuck anything in..Once I figured out how awesome it was, I bought two more, just so I'd have a few as the strap wears.  Even when I'm careful, it's hard to avoid sweating on the band here in SoCal, so leather straps are a wear/replace item for me here.  Once I've replaced the first strap, I'm going to try to sew up my own strap, re-using the buckle hardware.
That waistcoat will make you look like a magician 
I don't like it. I personally don't think you need a waistcoat from what I have read out of your parent comment. You will be working in a lab position, you shouldn't need a waist coast for that. It is too pretentious. 
Any suggestions for something else, or should I doth the waistcoat all together?
no waistcoat.get a brown belt    .get a blazer if you want to dress up more
Yeah, no waistcoat seems to be the prevailing opinion. And I'm assuming a tucked in shirt will be better than having it hanging out?.Like I said, I really have no idea...
as long as its not a dress shirt you can tuck or not depending on preference
Sounds good. Nah, I only have one dress short and I keep it with my tux. Thanks for the advice. I really appreciate it.
Don't wear a waistcoat. 
Have the same problem as you.  If you trim it down, be prepared to have to constantly trim it down every couple of weeks.  My advice would be to let it grow out a bit and see what happens, the weight might make it more manageable.  Use water/wax/gel in the meantime.
I've a double crown at the back and a cowlick on the right-hand side of my fringe so I can definitely relate. My recommendation is either go really short or let grow out quite a bit (there isn't really a middle ground). Also use a wax or clay to style it and make it more manageable. I'm currently using VO5 Extreme Style Matt Clay and would definitely recommend it, just be aware that it can tend to clump together in your hair if you don't work it in properly. .Hope this helps
I have a double crown so its a similar problem for me on both sides of the back. Grow your hair out. This was my problem for years, I thought a shorter look woukd be best, but soon found that the weight held it down. I woukd reccomend a taper cut left longer around the crown and on the front, swept back in a quiff. Although the receeded hairline is a tiny problem, if you make sure the hair at the front is low it shouldn't look too bad. I apologise if I made no sense I'm slightly drunk. 
thats kind of what I was afraid of.  I would like a middle ground, a transition stage so to speak.  I have had the same hair (just less of it now) for my whole life, these are big changes.
I think you may be drunker than you think...or I am just dense.  Do you think you could come up with a picture of something like you are recommending? 
 Like this at the back. This is what I mean by longer. Longer strands, but short at the bottom. I believe this is called a tapered neck. . This at the front. Side parted, slicked back. Maybe quiff was the wrong word as the front should be brushed down neatly like in the picture. It might not work, but I have something similar and it works for me. I hope I didn't confuse you. 
Yeah it is what is unfortunately, it limits the different styles you can go for but there is nothing you can do about it except go with the styles that accommodate for it. Not the answer you were looking for I know but there are still plenty of hairstyles you can use 
You might want to use different kinds of hair products. I use a pretty strong wax to keep my sides in check and a clay to style my top.
I cant believe I am thinking about this...I have never used a hair product in my life...growing up is fucking scary.  
I'm back!.I spent a lot of time yesterday and today looking at pictures and I am liking the timothy olyphant look.  It looks like he has a slightly receding hairline, less than mine but still going.  But my forehead is quite a bit higher than his and my face is more oval too.  Wouldn't something like this make my head look really long and the peak of my hairline even higher?.    
Now it makes sense.  I just dont know if I could pull something like that off. I work construction in the summer and hair stuff...well it is kind of scary actually lol
I'm in construction too, I'm a roofer. ;) You can pull it off, if you have the confidence. Its not actually that hard to style either, just a quick comb with some styling paste in the morning. Try it out, worst case scenario; you don't like it and cut it short again. :) Good luck mate.
how would I go about starting it? just letting everything get long then cutting it back or what?  
Yeah give it a few weeks to grow. It will look strange to you in the mean time, but once you get it long enough to get it cut into the right style you'll be glad. I'm sure your girlfriend will help you manage it while its growing. Then when you get it cut, talk to your barber about it and get his opinion. Remember the word taper and mention the cowlick. Ignore the word quiff as that was my mistake. 
I guess I need to find a barber.  I dont know if there is one around where I live, just salons lol
What type of business casual do you want to go with?  In my opinion there are two types of business casual:.It really depends on the office.  Both are acceptable and kind of interchangeable, though in . humble opinion, they do represent two different levels of formality and you're better off sticking to one style instead of alternating every single day... it's just doesn't display style congruence (again, that's my opinion).  As an example, I wear dress slacks, dress shirts, and wing tips/cap toe  derby shoes every day, and on Fridays I wear the more casual chinos with an OCBD, CDB's or blucher mocs, and a nato strap watch.
Based on the picture your body type doesn't seem to be an issue at all; finding clothes that fit you well should be no problem at all..I'm not sure what your budget is, but a good place to try would be j crew factory. One of my favorite places (and in my opinion is underrepresented on this site), it is certainly cheaper than bonobos but will give you a similar look. There are also cheaper options than this (heck, people have been reporting good experiences with target if you know what you are looking for). Whatever you go with, just remember the basics when you shop (mainly fit)..Please reply if there is anything more specific you wanted covered.
Thanks! I'll check out those places. Thus far Bonobos has produced the best fitting clothing I've found. But at $98 for a shirt and $150+ for dress pants, it's out of my price range.
It seemed like everyone else in this particular office was sporting dress slacks and a button down. It's tough to tell, though. This is a whooolllee new scene for me. I'm used to workplaces where high-top Adidas are not only acceptable, but encouraged.
Business casual, like button ups and chinos?.Uniqlo, H&M, GAP, Target. Buy clothes that fit. If you have the budget, tailor the items you buy..Super basics: white shirt, light blue shirt, khaki chinos, grey wool slacks. Blazer if you need it?
Thank you for making this distinction. A lot of the advice I see on business casual here doesn't really fit the definition of what I've seen at any of the offices I've worked in (more on the finance side) which I often think leads to questionable advice. Most places I've worked, chinos are kind of slumming it. But at the same time, a blazer or tie would generally look way out of place. 
I've noticed the same thing, however more times than not the person asking for advice is an engineer or in IT or something.  If I ever see someone who's going into the mgmt/business side of the house, I try to jump in..Wearing chinos and a sport shirt/polo is passable in my office.  My managers do it every day.  But if you dress at the top end of the acceptable spectrum (i.e. going as far as you can without looking like a try-hard douche) I think it's very beneficial. 
Yeah, the simple fact is that if you do the bare minimum to meet the dress code, it looks sloppy and gives people the impression that you're sloppy about your work. Dressing just a little bit nicer than you need to (without making too much if a leap, which is why I'm opposed to ties and blazers in the office if they're not required) will make you seem "professional" and "reliable". It's all kind of bullshit, but it really does make a difference. No one wants to promote the guy who just does the bare minimum. 
Exactly.  As much as I wish I could wear ties and blazers in the office (they're just 2 more things you can have fun with), it's just not a good idea.  
May I ask what type of job it is?  finance, engineering, etc.?.something to keep in mind is that in any large office you're going to have a wide spectrum of attire.  Men in my office range from a . people like me who wear dress slacks / dress shirts, all the way to guys who wear wrinkly chinos with a terrible worn-out old polo shirt and square-toe loafers..It really varies, and the best thing you can do is dress at the top end of the spectrum. 
Technical Writer in a major corporation's software R&D department. 
We have some technical writers at my company, but they're not the best example of how you should dress (lol).  I'd say you should probably err more on the side of the less-dressy version of business casual.  I think since you'll be surrounding yourself with programmers/engineers, you'd be overdressing if you wore slacks and a dress shirt..If you want, you could go with a more middle-ground approach: wear chinos and broadcloth button-downs (in other words, avoid the rougher fabrics like oxford).  If you wear chinos, a button-down, and a clean belt that falls somewhere between a dress belt and a casual belt, and then you pair that look with some casual dress shoes like longwing or wingtip bluchers (.).This approach is still more on the dressier side, but without going all the way with the wool dress slacks.
Fedoras are never worn appropriately. If your fedora was sun damaged from use, you fucked up. It's for suits only and hasn't been in style since the 40's.
from the internet
Fedoras were literally never classy headwear to put on when you can't be arsed to do your hair.
panama hats...bogart wore them. nuff said
It came from the widespread idea of guys wearing graphic tees and cargos that they didn't look classy enough, and from the idea that the hat-wearing era of the early 20th century was the pinnacle of classy. What did those dapper men wear? A dapper fedora. So to look dapper, I'll put on a dapper fedora myself. Dapper. A fedora doesn't automatically elevate the aesthetic element of an outfit. In most modern cases, it just looks terrible. Thus it gets made fun of a lot. Especially since it isn't the social norm to wear a hat all the time, but it isn't the social norm to wear a suit all the time either. If you're wearing a full suit that looks great already, and you have hat that doesn't detract from the look of the suit, sure, wear that sucker proudly. But there's really no other time at all to put one on.
Today I learned: I have no sense of style. I basically wear the hat with whatever the hell I decided to put on that day, for no reason other than it's become my "thing" in certain social groups..I need a fashion doctor :<
[deleted]
I think a lot of it depends on the type of fedora too. Theres a lot of shitty cheap material thin brimmed pansy lookin fedoras from hot topic nowadays, that just dont live up to the manly aesthetic of sinatra in a sexy wide brimmed fedora..That said, it is definitely a more formal hat that looks better paired with formal clothing, somethin indiana jones style would look a little less silly for an everyday choice 
Okay man I get your point but personally I think you're going over the top here, to a point of almost rudeness. It's just a little assuming.
no, no, I'm pretty sure this cunt just went . past the point of . rudeness. .Making hella assumptions about someone because they post about tech support? I'm on reddit, I don't need yer stinkin nerdphobia. 
I was giving him the benefit of the doubt until he deleted his comment. Way to backpedal. Very classy.
Facial hair: Goatee, and noone will give me a solid opinion on if it's a good look for me or not..Miss a shower: Hell no. I live in Kansas and have overactive sweat glands. At least a shower a day, if not more than that..Unkempt hair: Curly hair + humidity is a bit of a pain to keep up, but I will run a brush through it to at least make it look evenly... poofy..Brushing teeth: Once a day..Deodorant: Yes, though I might smell anyways; my nose doesn't work too well..Diet: Oh god, I eat pretty healthy. Soda is a rarity, and cheetos are nonexistent in my diet..Glasses: Just my prescription glasses, which are clear as... a clear thing..Vest: Never worn one..Shirts: I prefer tight shirts. I don't have too many that really hug me (aside from my athletic wear), but nothing excessively baggy..Tennis shoes: My only pair of shoes (yay being poor) is a pair of Nike running shoes. Usually worn with either low-cut black socks or white sicks..Graphic tees: Nope. Plain patterns and colors. Occasionally a souvenir shirt from somewhere I've been to..So not a ton of things wrong. Just the one. As far as looks go I've never been told I . like a neckbeard stallman-worshipper. I might act like one sometime, but that's a different can of worms.
I deal with the curly poofy hair too, though its gotten a lot better since I moved away from Florida. .This may sound counter intuitive, but for hair like that, a lot of times it is actually better to shampoo a lot less, and only condition with most showers. Then, don't dry your hair with a towel - maybe sofly pat it with a t-shirt and let it air dry. Don't brush it, and I've found . stuff to help a bit as well, though it took a million products that don't do anything to find that one. .Finally - wear what you're comfortable in, and make your lifestyle whatever the fuck you want it to be. If you decide you're interested in more fashionable/ flattering outfits, that's rad, this sub might be a good place to poke around. But remember to do it for yourself, not to please someone else's perception of who you might be. That jab at you posting in web_design really irks me, I was the nerdy kid through all of middle and high school and I thought I was pretty much done dealing with that. Besides, I've met some hella stylin' web/interaction designers. 
Interesting idea with the hair, though I'm not sure it's the best for my rampant dandruff. I'm definitely going to be sticking around and looking through the sidebar stuff, and perhaps taking a trip to . as this sub's idea of 'fashion' is a bit more expensive than my $7 t-shirts and cheapo Urban Pipeline jeans..The only 'fashion' article of clothes I have is my Levi Signature jeans, and those were a bit of a splurge on my part. They are the most comfortable things I've ever worn, though.
if you're genuinely interested in learning about fashion or even just the basics of how to dress yourself a bit more appropriately, the sidebar is a great place to start (particularly the five links under Getting Started: The Most Basic Advice). just skim em for now.
The first step is admitting it! Read the sidebar and you'll get all the basics you need. Good luck! 
I've been browsing. It looks like I have some of the basics down already (my jeans all fit me right, my dress shirts fit right, my one suit fits right, etc.) but the one place I'm really wrong is the fact my dresser is mostly full of cargo shorts and cheap t-shirts due to living in a state where 100 degrees is the norm.
Grab some linen shorts. In super hot weather, linen is a godsend. It will change your life. A tee, linen shorts, and some light sneakers are my uniform for 100+ degree weather. As long as your tees aren't poorly fitted and too busy/loud/ugly, you should be fine. 
Yeah, I poked around in the sidebar and realized that 99% of my t-shirts are somewhat ill-fitting.
Okay, most basic, well fitting, okay quality shirts you'll get are .. Just make sure you order the right size, getting to an actual store would be best. Even Merona from Target shirts that aren't garish and fit well would be fine. If you have any more q's, throw them in the simple questions threads or hit up the sidebar guides or even PM me. I kinda creeped through your submissions and we're around the same age, I wouldn't mind helping you out myself with basics. Good luck!
See, maybe that's the problem? You're not wearing it for the aesthetic but because you made a hat "your thing". 
Going to take a shot in the dark here (as the others say, there isn't a lot to go on), and suggest a couple of possible approaches. .: Start with the shoes. Sometimes to get someone interested, you've got to find an in. Shoes are a good in because it's easy to wrap your head around them, and good shoes can really transform an outfit. So maybe start by getting him some really sweet shoes. They don't have to be super formal, but they could be shoes that dress up his current wardrobe and come across as more grown up. You could go with penny loafers, or you could go with some wingtips or bucks (.). .: Use a good blazer as your in. A blazer can transform a jeans and t-shirt outfit into something much slicker. A good navy or charcoal blazer that fits well (avoid shoulder pads) can work wonders. .: One full outfit. Find an outfit inspiration that matches his personality and style and try and duplicate it. Make sure it's something you think he'd be willing to try. Maybe it's something like .. Or maybe .. .So yeah, without knowing more, that's all I've got. I'd do the blazer first, to be honest..EDIT: words, punctuation.
Unfortunately he has to take the step out there to make himself get better dressed. It's not that hard either. .You can buy him a good shirt here or a good shirt there, but its not really a good shirt if he doesn't wear it with complimenting items. 
This is a great answer, wish i could upvote many times. Thanks so much.
Nothing in your post really screams out that he's terribly dressed.  There's nothing wrong with jeans and a t-shirt, especially if they're well-fitting jeans and they're not garish graphic tees.  Slacks are all well and good but if he's in a casual setting, they're not really necessary.  Maybe some good chinos?  Dockers Alphas could be good since they're relatively affordable and cut more casually, like a pair of jeans, which may help if he's afraid of looking too stuffy.  Some well-fitting polos might work, since they're not too formal.  But really it's all going to depend on his tastes.  Maybe just take him on a shopping trip on critique the fit?  Just don't try to force him into what you like instead of what he likes.  It's important to have your own personal style.
Oh totally! Well he thinks he looks boyish, so im wanting to help him find what he likes when he has no idea what he's doing..I honestly could care less if he kept his style or change it. My favorite outfit of his is the naked one anyway..Oh and, what are chinos?
Check out . for tall clothes that fit the tall and slim/athletic build.
Any time! It'd be fun for us to see before and after photos after you've helped him out. 
These types of posts don't get a ton of response because we don't have a ton to work with. All we really know is that he's tall and will only wear jeans and tees. You might want to read the denim guide and buy him some v necks and crew necks that fit well..Not sure how you show someone how to dress older of they refuse to wear collared shirts.
I will do my best. It might take a few weeks/month.
Google Images is actually an excellent option for this. Search things like "how to style red shirts" or "red shirts outfits" or "red shirts fashion style" or what-have-you. For certain items it's easier, e.g. "barbour jacket outfits" (add "mens" or "on a guy" if you find a lot of women's fashion images)..But re: the general problem of collecting inspirationstart saving images to your computer, via Pinterest, by reposting to a Tumblr, or some other image bookmarking tool to flick through later. It sounds like a lot of workbut it's really helpful to quickly browse through a ton of things you found interesting and noteworthy and inspirational.
I don't think that you could feasibly find a shoe like that in the $30-40 range in this style. You sound very, very new to fashion.
Yeah, I'm pretty new here, but I just don't get what makes these so expensive?
Let's cover a few basic things about specifically boots that make them within a certain price range..That brings us to a raw cost to anywhere from $50-$250 for a pair of quality boots, which still have any level of markups from the factory and retailer..I think it would be smart for you to take a step back from fashion and try to find styles (not items) that you really like. Look at what models are wearing, research brands, and buy items you really like that have a good name behind them, even if it's somewhere cheap like H&M or Zara..For shoes specifically, make sure you look for full-grain leather (NOT GENUINE LEATHER), preferably with a Goodyear welt. You will not regret buying clothes that last.
Sorry dude, Steve Maddens . the cheap option (and a pretty low quality version, at that). a pair they seem to be imitating.
Oh, well that's disappointing. Thank you for the information anyway.
lol @ $50 boots..Anyway, ...As you can see from the photos the construction quality is balls and the materials are shit too. But for $50 who really cares?
Thanks! I'll have to consider these.
Check out the sidebar in ..
I did not know that even existed! Thanks for the help! 
PLNDR, karmaloop
In similar vein, check out the . it's always good to have options.
Email them and request garment dimensions (e.g., shoulder width, chest width, sleeve length, and so on). They already have spreadsheets that include all of this information. All you have to do is ask.
Sweet. Thanks.
Regarding similar coats, maybe check out Filson? Their classic Mackinaw Cruiser is about the same price and is now available in a ..
Just finished my email and thank you for linking the Mackinaw, I had complimented on it earlier. It's looking like it'll be my back up in case one of the two other coats I am looking at don't work out. I have really fell in love with the color of the Car coat as well as . peacoat from the same company. Hopefully I get a response soon. .Thanks for your help, it's guys like you that make me stay around and actually get involved in this subreddit. 
 should still have some left in stock
They are pretty low quality. Mine started coming apart at where the forefoot flexes on the outside of the foot after about 3-4 wears. I got mine at Nordstrom so I showed it to them and they offered me a return for another shoe. I haven't had a chance to see what I will get next though.
PF Flyers.  Center-Lo or Bob Cousy Lo.  Check out Zappos..Similar price, better quality, and a little different than the norm in a good way.
I just returned my Vans Authentics because they had weird lining issues and were just all around uncomfortable. My. came in and they feel amazing, I highly recommend them. 

They are of a lower quality than the previous Purcells, but like someone else said, its not that bad.
I've had mine for months, and they are still perfectly fine.  I wear them a lot as well!!!
SOMEONE FILL ME IN!!!.WTF happened to my dear Purcells?!?!.My pair that I've had for about 18 months needs to be replaced soon....What did they do to them?!
I have also heard that Seavees Army Issue sneakers are good. You can always find them for ~$40
Someone can correct me but apparently there are two models now. The poorer quality ones have no logo on the tongue and the inner side vents are lower where they rest on the runner sole..The better quality ones have the jack purcell logo on the tongue and the inner vents are about a half inch above the rubber sole. These are a bit harder to find, though Nordstrom had them the other day.
Thanks, they look decent, will consider
Some of those are quite sweet. Will definitely consider them.
your syntax is backwards. should be []() not ()[]
Whoops thanks guy
This is depressing..It's the only Converses I can wear. 
Hmm, okay now I've got one reply telling me that these are fine, and another telling me that these are bad. I'll see what the alternatives are, and go for them if I prefer, but I'm still undecided.
. 
Thanks very much for the reply, unfortunately they don't have them in a 10. If anyone's reading this and has small feet, it's definitely the right place to look!
I was pretty pissed that the JP's have changed too, but they really aren't THAT bad. Unless you can find some PF Flyers, Pro Keds, or Vans you like better, I'd still get them.
Ok, thanks for the info, makes me slightly less worried about getting them. I'll consider them for sure, don't know if I'll get them yet though. Might go find a pair in a shop (or an online store a with good returns policy) and have a look at them or something.
I have one of the new jps, and I think they're still better quality than chucks are. Having never owned the old ones, I can't compare them to the ones I own, but they certainly aren't complete shit imo.
I have a 30 year old pair, still made in the USA that my dad gave me. The rubber sidewall hasn't even started peeling yet. They are indeed very high quality
Okay then, chucks are alright, I don't mind them being equal or better quality than those. You might have just convinced me. If I can't find an old style one, I'll probably give in and buy the new style.
Those are very very nice shoes. 
I was going to say virtually everything, but the Bass pair you linked seems more like a pastel/turquoise blue. If they're lighter than royal blue, stick with lighter colors for your pants, like khakis or grey denim or oatmeal cords. But if they're actually darker than the pic, you can pair with darker tones like indigo denim, chocolate moleskin, grey flannel trousers.
just get cdbs and the insert
the website says 80 but its actually 32 at the mall and the memory foam padding is comfortable as FUCK
so then buy it, they're just a slightly uglier pair of cdbs though

That's like... too expensive for me man .
I doubt OP is going to get a $1200 coat somehow.
that coat doesn't cost $1200
Though funny enough, the statement still applies.
almost all stores wont stock peacoats for another few months.jcrew baywater (or something) might work for you
Yeah, I had one from banana republic that just fit me SO damn well. I ended up losing it somehow after a rather spirited night of drinking - and I haven't been able to find one that was fitted like that since.
br generally fits a touch larger than jcrew so the jcrew one should work for you. plus iirc there were slim and/or tall options for jcrews
Noted, i'll give them a gander - thanks a bunch
Neither will really work with a suit, man. Dress watches are more minimalist in nature. I don't wanna say either watch will work in more casual outfits, but I do think both are pretty ugly tbh :. I'm sorry if I sound like a dick, but watches are a passion of mine and seeing someone wear a Diesel with a rubber strap with a suit makes me cringe. Could I recommend you some other watches maybe?
I appreciate the advice and no, you don't sound like a dick. Thing is, I need a daily watch first before I buy a suit watch because I don't wear suits everyday. I was just thinking in an emergency where I'd need to wear either with a suit, which one could I pull off better..I do like both of these watches, but if you got other recommendations that i could wear daily I'd be more than happy to check them out. Keep in mind, however, that I don't have 600 dollars to spend on a watch as of right now.
Timex Weekender and Easy Reader get recommended a lot. Works with a suit. ~$30 on Amazon. Also has some respect in watch circles.
Have you considered anything by Seiko? They have really nice watches available in a range of sizes to fit most wrists, and are . better quality than Diesel. You said you're looking for a bigger watch, so how about the .? Probably my favorite watch at this price range, and it also comes with a . watchface if that's your thing. However if either of those are out of your price range (which is understandable, watches can get hella expensive) I'd recommend the . with either a metal or brown leather band.
Great looking watches and not too out of my price range, but they don't seem like watches I'd wears everyday, at least not to me. Definitely would wear them with a suit though and I will look into them.
The Seiko 5 is a really popular watch for casual looks around here. What makes you think it's dressy?
Something about it being all metal just doesn't give me the feeling that it's something I'd wear to like the gym for example, which is part of my everyday routine. But watches are all personal taste. I may be in the wrong, but it just doesn't scream casual to me. 
Oh I see. Well that's actually my bad. Most people wear their Seiko 5s/Orange Monsters on a leather strap, I just happened to link you to one that had a metal bracelet. 
I prefer the Diesel.  The MK is nice looking but if your primary goal is versatility I'd go with the Diesel.  Both can be worn with active wear and casual clothing but I think a polished face with a black rubber band will look cheesy with a suit.  At least the Diesel will be all the same color and hopefully blend a bit better.  .That being said if it's an option buy the Diesel and invest in a black leather band as well.  I think that would look worlds better with formal wear vs a rubber banded watch.  
After this, black and/or brown leather band will be next.
I personally prefer the Diesel still I think, of course you'd have to use a black band with it. 
[deleted]
(follow the link, its not hosted here)
I've actually been obsessed with ., so this is something I've been considering myself lately. A few things:., + a discussion on why I feel they work and don't work:.I'll also note that, since geometric shapeslike highly round sunniescan feel a bit severe, it can be nice to get sunnies in a lighter tone, e.g. tortoiseshell or warm amber frames. The black will close off your face, but a lighter brown will catch the light and make the impact of the sunnies on your face less overwhelming and intense..Hope this helped, somewhat.  ()
How do you always type out such long, thoughtful responses?
Summer break x no job x I really, really enjoy the pursuit of explaining aesthetics and breaking down fuzzy visual things into wordsso people can understand and develop an aesthetic eye. 
This is great, wonderful examples..Here's another: . from Twin Peaks. Not the epitome of modern-day sophisticated fashion, but he's got something.
Big fan of circular sunglasses here. Some guys look foolish in them, some look great. I really think the best way to find out is to go to store and try them out. .Like Schiaparelli said, it depends a lot on your facial shape whether you can rock circular sunnies or not. .Personal favorites of mine are .and for a non-acetate frame option, .Feel free to browse around their websites. They have more models with similar style. 
Clubmaster style or keyhole style sunglasses make for a good first step here. Try some out (grab a cheap pair on amazon) and see what you think. Then either settle with those if you like them (invest in a nice pair at that point) or repeat with something more extreme..Cheap sunglasses are a great way to trial run styles you're not sure about

Love the graphite on these
ROFL cmon
The only funeral I could attend to was when I was just 7 years old. I literally have no experience or idea of how it is supposed to be like.
As someone who practically grew up in a funeral home because of the amount of family that died, I envy your ignorance. 
I'm sorry for you. To make you feel better, my family lives on the other side of the world, when my grandpa died I couldn't even attend to his funeral.
you've never seen a movie scene were everyone's at a funeral all wearing their . t shirts?
I've seen one movie where three guys go to a funeral in black suits.. But they were in the same black suits the whole movie. 
This outfit is too formal..Have you considered cutting off the sleeves of the t-shirt and converting the jeans to jorts?.You want to come off with a "sexy/flirty" tone.
wear a black suit. or just black (dress)shirt & tie & black slacks..no t shirt and jeans
yeah dude, you could at the very least put on a plain button up shirt. Maybe some chinos or slacks. Maybe even tuck in said shirt. .Kinda depends on the funeral I guess, and how formal they're tryin to make it. 
This is pretty inappropriate to wear to a funeral, yes..Your ideal needs to be a black suit and white shirt. Assuming you don't have that just try to work towards it. If you've black non-jeans then wear them. If you've a black blazer wear that. Etc.
I don't know too much about suits, but I have . from a party I attended to last year. Is that suit also usable on a funeral?.Edit: just noticed that I failed the loose bottom button rule :/
white button up is acceptable to a funeral even tho black is more traditional.black slacks and a white button up would be fine.noticed you cut the shoes off on your suit fit, if they are skate shoes or some shit you want to get some black dress shoes asap
I've never heard of black being more traditional at a funeral. When I see black on black I think priest or mobster, not mourner. .Black suit and tie with a white shirt is the pretty standard funeral look...you want to look clean, put together, and respectful without being flashy in any way. 
sorry i meant just a white button up would be ok even tho a black jacket/blazer overtop + black tie is more traditional
Do you mean to say to just wear the black slacks and white button up only? .And no worries they are black dress shoes.
It's not the best fit but it's better to be dressed appropriately than fashionably - this'll be fine. If you have a black tie wear that.
I actually don't have a black tie with it. And I've grown into the suit over the past year.
You don't have to wear a tie, I'd say. You're young enough that that isn't mandatory.
Ok, that clears things up.
Wear a tie. It's a funeral. Select the darkest and most reserved tie you have access to. Because you're only 18, without a developed formal wardrobe yet, people won't care that you didn't wear a black tie. The outfit from your picture (the suit one) is what you should wear. 
oh god, graphic tee to a funeral, my sides
Yeah, I already had a feeling it was wrong.. Just needed a confirmation.
I'm not really sure if these are "next tier" but I really love . Chukkas. I really don't like the soles of the shoes because I think they wear out a bit too quickly, but it could be just my preference. Definitely worth a look, though.
?
They're not for everyone (I wear your Grandpa's . shoes), but I'm a big fan of chunky brogued derbys, like these ...Slip ons like boat shoes or loafers are good for the heat..I also like boots in general if the weather calls for it. LL. Bean boots in the rain, Alden Indys in the fall, etc.). Check inspirations blogs for ideas..If you don't have the budget for some of these, look for well regarded cheaper alternatives in the same style or browse ebay/styleforum/etc.
He wants chukka boots, man. Not shoes.
whoops im pretty high sorry.just go up the scale in terms of quality shoe brands. j&m, Meermin, AE, Alden, etc.
These are nice I reckon:
The Red Wing Beckman will be on sale for around $200 during the nordstrom sale. You should check that out
Already have some Iron Rangers or I might be tempted.  .Now will the Beckman Chukka be on sale?  Because I might actually consider that.
[deleted]
that leather looks awful
that's not even remotely worth 130, reconsider.
I was looking to do the same you are. Allen Edmonds makes the . for .. They're certainly more dressy than CDB's, but they look good with dress pants and jeans. I bought a pair of seconds during AE's last tent sale for $159. You might call the AE Shoe bank and see if they still have the shoe in stock or wait around for the next seconds sale.    
I don't really know, but have a few suggestions. I dislike the look of the CDB, but I've tried on a lot of other chukkas, mostly in the nicer/more expensive camp..Allen Edmonds Malvern -- An AE Chukka boot. I think you can still find it around for 200-250..Allen Edmonds Katmai -- similar to the Malvern, but in suede..Frye Oliver Chukka -- pretty skinny, nice leather. You should most definitely check this one out..Johnson and Murphy Hosford Chukka -- Really nice leather and comfortable sole. Sizing is a little strange..Also Red Wing has two chukkas that I know of -- the Beckman chukka, which looks nice, and the work chukka, which looks goofy.
I'm curious why you think the work chukkas are goofy. I think their nice, especially in ., and I've only really heard good things about them previously. 
I have them in briar oil slick, NOT goofy, they feel and look awesome
A bunch of different reasons. I guess I mean that they don't look ., and to me personally, they look goofy. Mostly I don't consider it to fulfill the same role as most chukkas in a wardrobe..I don't like the "cap" toe covering thing that covers most of the vamp. It's an unusual shape, and unusually big, and this is the only shoe I've seen that has it. I also don't like all the contrast stitching, especially considering parts are double and triple stitched, and the stitching is even in different colors.By the same tack I dislike like the very prominent, bright eyelets..I personally strongly dislike the wedge sole as well (or any sole with no heel on something other than a sneaker)..To me, the strength of a chukka is in having a simple, no-frills, classic shape and style that can easily be dressed up or down. The work chukka basically can't be dressed up, as far as I can see. There's nothing wrong with it, necessarily, beyond things that I personally don't really like. .But I do feel that it doesn't fill the place in the wardrobe a chukka normally should. It's kind of its own type of shoe. It's a fine shoe to have, but if you're looking to own one chukka boot to do all the things a chukka boot should, it would be much better to go with something more classic, and more versatile (of which the Beckman chukka is actually a great example.)
Find another English brand. English shoes have far more elegant shapes than American shoes..The . is an excellent purchase if you want to take your chukkas up a notch. . instead of link..After that you'll probably be looking at other Northampton shoemakers such as Church's ( I own a pair of ., simply amazing) and Crockett & Jones.
It's kind of a massive pain in the ass to get any of the nice Made in England brand shoes in the US, though. I think Crocket and Jones has like 1 US physical stockist, in New York city, and Trickers' show up on Sierra Trading Post sometimes, and occasionally a couple shoes will show up in other odd places..Other than that it's ordering from England, which costs a bajililon dollars and takes a long time, and it basically a no-go if you are unsure of your size in a particular shoe or otherwise have a hard-to-fit foot.
FWIW, I own the Pimlico, and I ordered them from Shoe Healer in the UK.  They're going for about $250 right now, and standard shipping had them at my door in California in two and a half days. I went one size down from my standard US size, and that worked out just fine.
Herring shoes stocks Tricker's shoes, they also will deliver to you in just a little over a week which is extremely fast in my opinion. You can also mail order Crockett & Jones shoes from NY..Paying for the international shipping is a bit pricey, but it's very fast shipping and you can easily pay upwards of $400 for a pair of shoes any ways so it's not that much bigger of a hit..It's just one of those things where you have to suck it up. No one has patience for the finer things it seems
Nah, it's just in my case my feet are a really weird shape, and I'm very particular about the way shoes go over them. And, as anyone particular about shoe fit knows, despite the . standardization of foot measuring, shoe companies, . nice ones, basically completely don't give a shit about the Brannock device. .I don't mind ordering four pairs of Allen Edmonds, because they have free shipping and free returns. But doing that with foreign shoes would cost like another hundred dollars on top of everything, and my enjoyment of quality shoes is already financially inopportune enough. 
That sucks. I know I agonized over what size to get for my Ryder 3 boots. In the end it just took a lot of research about how it fit and I was 100% satisfied.
It does suck. Is fashion tourism a thing? I've spent enough time in England that next time I make it back there I am going to be a little . focused on shoes.
Check out Jermyn Street in London if you go. Church's, Crockett & Jones, and John Lobb are all there..I've been contemplating taking a small trip to NYC for awhile, and maybe stopping by C&J while I'm there.
You're not going to find anything like that coat for under $900 man.
Yeah the twisting thing bothers me too, apparently broken twill denim was invented to alleviate this problem.
I experience the baggy knees as well. After awhile you stop caring about it so much.
It's normal on many jeans but more noticeable with thicker or raw denim
I hate the look of broken twill denim. So much.
Zara does . and is less terrible, though not great. Alternatively, just look at the infographic in the other link.
someone please post the /fa infographic..As for the shirt, just look for a plain white OCBD instead.
can we just sidebar it
That's the old one tho. The new one is has like 5 pics from mfa and its brilliant

You say you use the kids sizes at Levi's but have you tried the kid's sizes of other brands?
Learn to tailor your clothes by yourself. I do this for pretty much all the clothing I buy (sometimes even alter the shoulders). American Apparel and Topman also sell XXS clothing..Also, I'm surprised Asos XXS fits you, because I'm 5'5 and the length is long on me, but then again I'm stick thin.
I've made it a goal to work out for the past few years, if it weren't for that I'd probably be two sizes smaller. I'll see what I can do to learn about tailoring, it seems like like it would take too much time for adjusting the chest size, length, arm sizing and practically turning a piece of clothing a size smaller..Thanks a ton for the American Apparel and Topman suggestions
Well, if you have a sewing machine, it isn't that hard. It takes me like 30 min. to shorten+hem a t-shirt, <10 min. to slim a pair of pants/shorts/t-shirt/shirt, and like 3 hours to fix the shoulders on a shirt lol..It doesn't take too long to learn either.
I tried the kids Gap but since I have larger thighs it felt way too tight on the thighs
Yeah I can see how that would be a problem, you'll get the length right in kids sizes but necessarily the sizing. You can always try tailoring pieces that are almost the correct size if you can find any but beyond that and any speciality brands that might exist I'm not sure what else to recommend.
I think criticizing clothes in a catalog is absolutely fine and people do it all the time. No one has ever had a problem complaining about Ed Hardy and I don't think anyone worries about hurting the feelings of a would-be Ed Hardy wearer when they do it. Criticizing a specific outfit, worn by a specific person, is kind of rude, but even then there's that line between constructive criticism and rudeness. 
of course we can, and should.saying your bizarro outfit is cool using a variation of "art is subjective" is nonsense, there's plenty of objective rules in fashion and if you can't make a cogent argument as to why you're breaking them, it's because you don't have one
I think that's a valid point but at the same time I'm skeptical of the idea that great art always has a clear statement of intent behind it. I'm no art historian so by all means prove me wrong, but I suspect that a lot of things start more as intuition and don't have cogent explanation as to why they're breaking the rules initially.
lots of people think .doesn't make them right
I've never met anyone besides myself familiar with it in conversation :(.
You need new friends.
He's talking about Zelda, right?
muffy's a she, fyi
Who's muffy?.edit: Muffy is the author, for anyone that doesn't follow Daily Prep

Fun fact though, the original star wars trilogy was actually based on the hero's journey. Lucas looked at the heroes journey and then made a story that all but literally follows it. For example, Luke Skywalkers "cave" literally happens in a cave.
So was every other big epic sci-fi/fantasy series, see: lord of the rings, harry potter, etc
True, but I feel like Star Wars follows it almost verbatim. See: cave happening in a cave, the call to action . being a call (recording, same difference though), etc.
Harry potter call to action was the letters, cave being the dungeons, or if you want to take the series as the journey, the cave in the halfblood prince he and dumbledore go to. Anyway I don't disagree by any means, just thinking aloud really
It's been a while, but isn't the dungeon at the end of the first book, or is there a part I'm missing? That would make it the resolution..Aside: why are we discussing this on MFA lololol
Yeah so the interpretation of it as a series arc makes more sense. And this is the place I've found the best people to talk to, so that could be why

I audibly said "of course that's her" after seeing that. 
Well, the cost is what the market will bear, as ever. If I had 17m kicking around I'd much rather spend it on the Titian than 20% of a Warhol, though.
jdbee's mom

whoa reign in those hormones!
I don't know that I have much to add but this comes up every few days, so I figure the post is a good catalyst for discussion. I am pro-criticism of clothes.
god why do you care what people think about you anyone who judges you does not deserve your friendship or even your attention just be yourself k
ur a beautiful little flower
no matter what they say
The article's an interesting read but I'm guessing to us on mfa there's some context missing, it sounds like this is partially written as a response to commenters on the blog from past articles..Otherwise everyone else's comments in this thread are what I'd say pretty much.  The only people who have ever criticized my outfits irl (aside from family just nitpicking) are people who don't really have an interest in fashion, the "I don't care about clothes but here's a bunch of things i don't like about this" kind of comments we see on askreddit or threads that reach . sometimes. (The particular experience I'm thinking of is, a person with a black metal-studded shirt and glittered black moc toe sneakers told me "I think your white sneakers are pretty ugly" and I was like "I dig them once they're dirty and worn in but ok"). I don't think I've ever criticized someone's outfit irl unsolicited and I'd feel like a real prick if I did. 
Yes, because the world needs more discussion on mundane literary tropes 
You have to be a pretty committed philistine to have not encountered the concept, though.
Everyone has to start somewhere.
Fittingly, that's basically the first third of The Hero's Journey framework.
hahahaa you're right
from tasty sandwich to toilet agony. 
Oh, this is so interesting, and really well-written. Thanks for posting it..Kind of wondering if there's this snobbishness-and/or-insecurity in how we tend to view fashionoften times to care too much about it is seen as an expression of undue ego. But why? Everyone writes .. Not everyone writes ., but for many people writing is a comfortable ego boost and personal adventure. Everyone takes photos. I'm curious.? I'm guessing many people would be cautiousout of politenesswhen criticizing the personal writing/photography of someone they know. But we all feel we have a good vocabulary for talking about these things w/r/t pros, I'm guessing. Everyone feels himself a moderate critic..Curious, though, that fashion is seen as way more of an expression of ego/potential source of elitism than these "artistic" disciplines. Maybe because it's a more immediately observable expression of self? Maybe because it's a little easier to unpack social status and alignment through fashion? But this is getting a little unrelated..This got me thinkingwhy is it the concepts of the hero's journey and other literary tropes and patterns are more recognizable to the general public than fashion tropes or even terminology? Or even namechecks of the lately beloved and current greats of the fashion world? I think fashion is a lot more inaccessibleweirdlythere's this aura of exclusivity that keeps on being reinforced. But then againthere are levels of fashion accessibility ("trends" that get sold at J. Crew/Gap v. runway trends) just like there are levels of literary accessibility (bestselling thriller novels v. Murakami versus classic great works of literature) and cinematic accessibility (latest Nolan film v. weird arthouse indie film)..Again, maybe because fashion = ego and we're uncomfortable criticizing it? Maybe because fashion is more of a personal pain point to people than other aesthetic areas we can easily criticize?.I think this discussion pops up in many introductory fashion communitieswhere some bits of clothing will be criticized (on the abstract or on a person) and someone will feel personally offended. I think my current M.O. right now is to not critique unless asked for (which is, you know, just about 100% of the time on MFA/FFA, but 0% of the time offline unless it's an easy fix"tuck that", "wear your other shirt"). .And of course criticizing a shop's collection or a designer's collection or visionI think it's much different to criticize public figures that should have the expectation of criticism, versus private figures like your friends and family..I think the way we're sold the concept of fashion (but I think this is stronger in womenswear, for various reasons re: how women's media discusses fashion and the necessity of women to care about fashion) sells our personal style choices as a representation of personality and taste and self, and we're all supposed to have a "personal style" that expresses ourselves, and thus a critique on our clothing is a critique on our self and character..Her closing three paragraphs are so strong and I am afraid of quoting them because I just want to quote the whole thing, but what she says about how we dismiss clothing and its value and the value of thinking about it consciouslyso good. Definitely food for thought.
I'll take a shot at this one.  Fashion tropes and terminology come into the game deep into the knowledge well.  You have to have already decided to be interested in/go out and learn about fashion for this knowledge to be acquired.  The hero's journey is something we address in high school or college English.  It is also something we are exposed to consciously or unconsciously by people we admire in movies and tv shows.  By comparison--as you've pointed out--fashion is introduced far more painfully to most of us.  Fashion is something that the "cool" kids in high school may attempt but it certainly isn't taught.   In the cut throat nature of high school it's actually used as a wall of otherness to keep the "uncool" kids away.  The first exposure we have to the hero's journey is an inclusive experience.  The first exposure we have to fashion may be inclusive or quite painful given the person.  .The aura of exclusivity is exactly what keeps it inaccessible, but it's actually the same exclusivity that keeps weird arthouse indie films and novels inaccessible.  The fashion world cultivates this otherness culturally.  It probably stems all the way back to the point when fashion was for the rich and powerful and the plebes (seriously think about the words people use to mock the new in MFA!) wore their functional clothing.  Fashion has the same implied judgmental "I'm better" attached to it as an indie movie, or classic literature cultures.  .Clothes are also something that are necessary and with us at all times.  We cannot choose to opt out of clothes, but we can choose to opt out of making movies, writing books or being into fashion.  We can choose to opt out of performing (yes, I know we can't entirely, but if someone chooses to, realistically they can out out of performing for 99% of their lives).  If you make a movie you know you are putting it out there to be judged.  Similarly, if you make a clothing line you are putting it out there to be judged.  The average person though is wearing clothes for comfort and function.  They are likely trying to be pretty, but they are not putting themselves out there to be judged.  Subsequently, they are far less inclined to judge someone else's clothes too harshly because they don't see their own, and by extension the other person's clothes as a performance to be judged. .I'm not actually sure if this response made any sense or came to a coherent point.
This is honestly one of the best explanations I've ever seen on why fashion can be exclusive and hostileyour way of expressing it was very sensitive and empathetic, and feels very true to my own experiences and initial insecurities with fashion..This is actually a very good pointparticularly because being a bookworm is the kind of accessible-uncool-that-becomes-cool-with-the-right-environment kind of thing, and so it's not as intimidating to know and care about the hero's journey. But fashion right off the bat makes you feel poor and ugly and untouchably-uncool-keeps-you-up-at-night-in-pubescent-anxiety-ridden-sleeplessness (I'm exaggerating a bit for useless literary effect here)..Your point about fashion being something we can't opt out ofwe all engage in it to some degreeis also very on point. I actually addressed that idea somewhat recently . as a social signaler and heuristic to judge people by.
Aww, thank you.  Coming from you, that means a lot..Coming from a comfortable middle class background and having been completely uninterested in fashion in high school, I'd totally missed the high school connotations of rich kid/poor kid.  I'm sure it happened at my own high school, but I never lusted after their stuff, so I didn't notice it.  The astronomically rich kids I knew I frequently pitied on some level because they almost invariably had deep seated issues..Unlike being into fashion, being a bookworm can also be concealed.  The fashion kid in high school is going to flaunt it.  The bookworm kid can choose to read their books when no one is watching.  We again come back to performances..I had read your comment already and my response was actually keeping it in mind. :)  Part of my point about performances comes from the strange place I live now.  Many people here, they've almost completely opted out of interacting with strangers and their jobs barely have dress codes.  We all engage to some degree--and clearly they are sending a message with their clothes--but most of these people would only consider something they wore to a wedding as performance clothing.  Everything else is for function.  When I read your comment, I was very confused why .'s comment was comment of the week, not that one and then realized it was because you had the last comment on the week.  I was so happy you made the geek t-shirt analogy, because I see them get ragged on so hard in MFA and I think a lot of MFA doesn't entirely . why people wear them.  I have this big long discussion rambling through my head on them with selection effects and an approach to clothing choice reflected in scarcity/abundance social effects and how tshirts or clothing in general that communicate something about yourself are underrated on MFA.  At this point in my life, I probably wouldn't wear a geeky t-shirt to comiccon, but they have a place at specific types of nightclubs and events.  I really want to post it, but I know it would be downvoted into oblivion before anyone ever read it..As an aside, it's weird how not being able to post except at night makes conversations very disjointed on reddit.
Do you have a blog or something? If not, maybe you should. Your multiple-paragraph comments are always worth the read 
I have no blog. You're right, maybe I should start one. I guess I'll shyly post it to MFA GD if I start one, and then run and hide and hope no one laughs at me for my dorky long posts on Tumblr, king of internet brevity..Thanks for the compliment though. It is so nice to hear coming from you. :3
It's important to note that people intimately identify with their clothing. It's personal, like someone's art. People know clothing makes personal statements, so when you criticize their clothing they often hear a lot of . things. . Criticism is welcome here at MFA because improvement is the point, but I think a lot of people welcome sartorial criticism about as well as if you walked into their house and criticized their interior design..That being said, his latter points are spot-on. People, for some reason, think there is something completely unattractive about a man putting effort into his outfit--and I'm not talking about "tryhard". There's a distaste in society among all sorts of people towards a guy that puts significant thought into his wardrobe. I personally don't really understand this, and when I find it in real life I'm never precisely sure how to respond.
This is definitely true and your examples are super on point. It's hard not to take clothing criticism and feel like it's attacking you on a somewhat uncomfortably personal level. I think things like, "not masculine/not feminine enough", "not spending enough on quality/being cheap", tends to hit people the hardestalong with general clothing criticism that may feel like it's implying/reminding that your body is unattractive or ugly.
Worse, if someone gets wind that I dig clothing, people feel criticized even if I don't say or think a single critical thought. Just the specter of criticism is enough to make many people uncomfortable.
but isn't that the same way that "I listen to everything but country and rap" can so easily be translated "I listen to everything except music made by blacks and lower-class whites". They . hear something else, because the implications are always going to be there.
Shit, this is me. Damn it..Uh, I like James Brown, funk, and soul?
I disagree with your example. That is a possible inference that can be made from the statement, but not a natural implication of it, if you ask me..I think such inferences based on comments on your personal style are a bit more justified, as they are made directly about what is a reflection of YOU. To use the music example, i think it's more like telling a musician "your music is bad." It's a part of them being insulted in an entirely destructive way. That is, it offers no reasons or ways to improve..So yes, I do think their reaction to nonconstructive criticism is justified, I just didn't agree with your music-race example.
Honestly, it's me too, and a lot of people, even people who are actively working on not being part of the racist, patriarchal, homophobic, transphobic, and otherwise generally bigoted system. We're socialized for it and it's hard to break free..The best way I've seen it put is that if you find yourself broadly attracted to a form of art except for the the bits characteristically made by marginalized people, you should probably step back and try to break down why.
Random - I go to a somewhat conservative church (though I never really know how to qualify these things to non-believers) and I heard about a hundred times more anti-gay hate speech statements from a group of my non-Christian friends last night than I ever have from church friends. Now that I think of it, in the past couple years of my church friends I can't recall an occasions where someone has used "gay" or "f****t" in an insulting way..The world is a weird place sometimes..I'm recently getting into a little bit of hip-hop, anyways. I should learn some more.
I've generally been pretty hostile to religion but I've seen more and more churches and individuals stepping up to say "hey, this shit ain't right" lately. It doesn't change the fact that there's some pretty heinous shit in the Bible, but I'm incredibly heartened by the amount of people that are loudly and publicly decrying the bad parts..On the other hand, . is . a thing (link focuses on racism but of course where you find one you'll probably find another)..I don't think you necessarily need to start liking hip-hop or country (though of course it's generally nicer to like things than not!), but at least gaining a basic appreciation of things is, I think, really important.
I think especially w/r/t rap, that's why there's a stigma against it: rap is for ghetto stoner slacker not-gonna-get-anywhere-in-life kids. That's actually a very interesting point. It's of course not always what people mean, but the subtext often pops up and is worth examining.
probably I don't need to derail this into another "fuck white supremacy" rant but you know where to find me if you want to talk about that :D
"Oh, you're into, uh, fashion?"
tfw no qt
Yeah, that's really awkward..People also get super uncomfortable about money as soon as they know I like clothes even though I don't say anything. I just try to move to conversation away from clothing asap.
for some reason that happens anyways
Only when we're asked to.  Folks outside MFA get all up in arms about what a snobby, pretentious place it is, but it's not like we require mission trips to . or . before you're welcomed into the fold.
I can see how your average Reddit user could be surprised to discover MFA and subsequently miffed to learn that their idea of 'style' doesn't align with that of MFAers, but I absolutely don't understand why MFA seems to have a reputation of being snobby or elitist.  I actually think (as far as hobby subs go) . and . are both brutally unwelcoming to newcomers, much worse than MFA.
I haven't found any sartorial community that's less snobby/elitist. Second is perhaps AAAC.
Sorry what's aaac? Ask Andy about clothes?
Yes
There's probably a Dunning-Kruger effect in that everyone wears clothes, so they style themselves as above average in judging what clothes to wear.  When encountering a community that counters that judgement, the defensive reaction is "sour grapes".
So stern and New Englandy.  I just want her to scowl at me while we make love on a pile of LL Bean totes in the back of a Volvo wagon.
More likely Saab for that vintage front wheel drive
This made me laugh a lot more than it should have.
That was certainly erotic
she "tuts" at stuff...I just know it. I'm positive she also has a ceramic rooster on her kitchen island. These are facts people. 
Just shaking her head, thinking to herself "How . Matilda be ungracious of my expert criticism, that oxford cloth blouse was all in shambles"
Everyone get your minds out of the gutter, it's a tennis phrase. He's being New Englandy. He wants to lose at tennis.
i think criticising a new collection is fair game. .clothes being put out by designers or companies are both/either an artistic expression of the designer (a la movies/music/works of art/even food) and/or products to be utilised by the market (a la refrigerators/cars) so they should be held to the same standards and be open to criticism..on people though its a different story, as different people value clothes differently. to me the only times you can criticise someone for their clothing choice are in a setting where a certain dress code is imposed or when they ask for it. otherwise keep it to yourself.
That's exactly how I read it actually, not so much going up to someone and saying "your outfit sux lol" but that larger trends (like flip flops) and discrete collections are as worthy of criticism as artistic movements or specific pieces of art.
There is a guide at the top of MFA right now for ..
Orion sells good belts that are not going to stretch and break like the ones you are used to. 
1 - This is actually desired by many. See .. I'm wearing a pair of 3sixteen's today that I wish would fade faster..2 - Just buy a new belt. Maybe a skilled leatherworker could do something, but it would almost certainly be more money and effort than a new one.
1) Your jeans get white wrinkles that are permanent..These are called "fades." Many people buy raw denim so that these fades look much, much better when they happen, like .. The short answer is no,  there is no way to really prevent this. You have two solutions. Either buy raw denim so that the fades look good when they happen, or buy good washed denim that avoids fading. My levis never really have fades develop..2) Your belt has stretch marks.Nope, can't really fix it. Your solution is to buy a better quality leather belt next time. Full grain leather. It's a bit of an investment but it will last a decade or more.
They look...swollen. 
Really unhappy with the last on these. Otherwise a good price for goodyear welted shoes so long as the leather quality is decent. 
The toebox makes them look more casual and with the color being . instead of walnut or merlot, I'd prefer these over McAllisters/Strands for pairing with jeans.  
I like that they are bluchers, but I'm also not loving the rounded toebox..I really like the . for the more modern squared off toe in a wingtip blucher..In fact, I'm wearing a pair right now.  
Can you expand on that?  I've been looking for a decent wingtip blucher for a LONG time simply because I have never found a balmoral that fits my feet..Aside from the toe box being a little bulbous, I really like these... I'm not comfortable with the lack of sizing info though.
The toe is a little bulbous and the vamp sits pretty low, making it not taper much. If they made it a taller shoe, more like the Vass . I'd be happier with it, but as it is it doesn't have the graceful lines that a wingtip should have. I think this particular last would be better for a quarter brogue or PTB. 
What in living hell did they do with that toebox, it looks like a bee stung it and kept on stinging it ad infinitum for posterity.
I've had mine for close to three years now and they still have plenty of use left. Mad comfy though.
I was going to comment on your thread and I realized I had the wrong kind of desert boot. If you are interested some high quality boots in the suede, I wear Danners. The boot that closely fits to mine that aren't super military in appearance are .. This is a really high quality company and I've had the same pair for about 5 years now that I have worn daily. 
Rotation. Not to urge you to buy more shoes, but giving pairs a break obviously helps with longevity. 
Well, both are good things, so . . .
Never had a suede pair. The leather on my beeswax CDBs seems very durable.  I put Oberhauf's LP on it twice a year, which darkens but protects.  I've had them for a year and a half and they still look great leather wise. .I think the crepe sole will go long before the leather. 
How much did the leather stretch for you? I'm between two sizes and I can't decide which way to go.
I sized down a full size.  Leather was less comfortable the firsts couple times I wore them so I presume it stretched to match my feet. .Now they're among my most comfortable shoes. 
Hmm. How much did it stretch out though? Enough that you found yourself tying them tighter, enough to be comfortable, or something else?
They stretch a lot - get the smallest pair you can fit into.
I have owned both the leather desert boots and the suede desert boots with crepe sole.  I believe that the leather desert boots are the Bushacre model from Clarks.  I much prefer the leather ones.  They hold-up a lot better and are a much sturdier shoe.  
It sounds like you've pinned down the cause in other comments, but a few things to consider:
As somebody who has never used shoe trees, are they a good investment and worth the money? And if so, what are some quality shoe trees?
Absolutely they are! You can get anything, really, as long as it's solid cedar. Woodlore is the most commonly seen brand. Check Nordstrom Rack, Sierra Trading Post, and ebay. You should be paying around $10-15/pair.
Nordstrom has really great shoe trees that often go on sale for 9.90 down from 12.Something. They're worth the money, I own like 7. Keeps my leather shoes fresh and smelling nice. 
I had a pair resoled with a leather sole and at the same time they oiled them (not sure exactly what went into this) and they so far doubled the life. About to think about resoling them again. I also hated the crepe soles. 
I used think my mom was crazy for having so many shoes. Now I understand. 
I've got a pair of . in the smooth brown leather that have stood up to a pretty good beating. They're also by far the most comfortable shoes/boots I own. They're far more structured than CBDs, which is why I picked them. Can't stand the floppy look.
Very nice, and almost the same price.  Thanks.
Getting wallabees steam cleaned makes then look like new.  Here in nyc they also grind down rubber so Siles look new too.  Multiple pairs ready to be tossed have been brought back to life. 
pics would help.
I have a pair of desert boots that I've worn for 4 years that, while worn, are in quite good shape.  My brother has a 10 yr old pair that is holding up strong..Is it possible that you're somehow abusing them?  Getting them wet often or wearing them without socks?.Did you apply any sort of scotch-gard when new?
Never applied scotch-gard.  I assumed that, being suede and in Southern California, I didn't need waterproofing.  I never wear them without socks.  I'm only about 160lbs, so I don't think it's extreme wear and tear..I should've posted a photo of my current pair.  It looks like . but worse--more buckled around the rear, less form in the entire shoe.  Makes me feel like I'm wearing ., in that the entire shoe feels like it's losing its structure..Maybe it's just me having a problem with worn out looking, or "soft" boots.  I've only ever worn Wallabees and work boots before these.
ah, I see..If you're willing to try yet one more pair, I'd suggest sizing down half, maybe even a full size if it's not uncomfortable..My first pair did that, I sized down half and they're golden now.
I really do like the style, price, and comfort, so I'd probably get another pair.  I'll give sizing down a try if they're otherwise comfortable.  Thanks for the tip.
Isn't that intentional? I think ., and are intended to be floppy over time..If you want something more structured, look into a dressier suede chukka boot. I like the Loake Pimlico, which you can ..
I guess it is intentionally "floppy.".Those Loake boots look like a good solution -- lined, suede chukka.  Thanks.
I believe the main difference between a desert boot and a chukka is that the chukka is reinforced where as the desert boot is not; thus, floppyness. I found my beeswax leather pair held their shape better than the suede version.
I have a pair of the Loake Pimlicos, highly recommend them. 
+1 for the Pimlico. Loake is an excellent English shoe brand, they've been around for awhile, since 1880 I think. .Pretty much any shoe coming out of Northampton you are going to like because of its superb quality and beautiful last shapes.
I have a pair of Johnston and Murphy Chukkas that cost just over $100 which are a little more structured. The model name is Runnell. 
I'll second the Runnells.  I have a pair that is very comfortable.  They are a little bit wider that CDBs as well - just a bit.
They're intended to be loose and soft. Maybe just not for you.
Isn't the whole point of CDBs that they look better when they're old and beat up?
yes and yes, but if they're just half a size too big, all structure fails.
Based on the other comments, I'm starting to think that's the case.  Either I have to get used to the lack of structure (being unlined) and live with the "floppiness" of the boot (and get . out of my head), or get something that's lined, assuming I want to keep wearing this style of shoe.
Uggs look flattering on you.
People's Uggs look like that because their feet require additional support, not because the boot is unstructured. A cheap <$20 3/4 length supportive insole would prevent that from happening without making the boot overly tight..EDIT: I use a 3/4 length black Superfeet insole in my CDB. Similar insoles are made by companies like Birkenstock, New Balance, Dr. Scholl's, Spenco, etc.
That picture makes me uncomfortable.
I've got a pair of white chucks that are going on 4 years.  I'm normally a fan of the "worn" look and don't mind when they get dirty, but every now and then you get a grass stain or something that just makes them look grungy.  I typically use a pre-wash stain remover on the bad parts, and then just throw them in with the rest of the wash.  The stains always come out but the canvas never gets completely white, so it turns out pretty well.
Did you treat them with a protectant spray when you first got them?
Shoe repair places can generally get stains out of cloth shoes after the fact.
I prefer my white shoes clean like you, OP. .Water plus soap and toothbrush. 
try a mr. clean magic eraser, it works surprisingly well on white leather shoes.
Mr. clean magic eraser. goddamn magic. 
I wouldn't try and keep canvas clean. Maybe spot clean some big marks, but overall I let them get beat up. .White kicks/more formal shoes on the other hand should be kept clean imo.
I always use a "medium" hardness toothbrush with some water and a bit of dish soap, rags don't really scrub hard enough, and wire brushes damage the shoe. Every two weeks I spend about 15 minutes cleaning and they stay pretty white for the most part. Normal floor grime comes off really easy, but things like oil and stuff will stain for good.
you dont.dirty is good
They're white. They look bad dirty..edit...don't they? I guess I never thought of that.
There's two schools of thought. Some people like their white shoes to look white, while others like their white shoes to look beat up. It's a personal choice.
If I want them to look white, what do I do?
canvas shoes can just be thrown in a washing machine, iirc
buy leather instead of canvas
I like them white too. I'm just careful where I wear them (no bars, etc). I can usually get one or two cycles in the wash before replacing them.
They give all the measurements.
So they do... they look pretty similar. Any quality difference?
Just color difference.
Cool. Looks like I have a transaction to make!
Not sure how they are in the US. In the UK I like them for basics. In their larger stores (i.e. London) they also sell interesting clothes from smaller designers. They used to even have a vintage section. Quality wise I've been pretty happy for the price; I would say the on the same level as Uniqlo.
I can only speak for the uk version of the brand since I'm not sure how different the us version is..But in my experience the quality of topman clothing is pretty poor, I have two t-shirts from them that barely survived their first washing and a pair of jeans that lasted three months before coming apart..They're a low cost, fast fashion brand. If you're looking for "trendy" clothing but don't expect it to last too long then you'll be fine because that's what they're good at, but for building a wardrobe of pieces I would stay away.
I've experienced the exact opposite, i've got a pair of 2 year old jeans from topman that are still going strong (25 standard pair, nothing fancy) and a pair of chino's that i've had for about a year and a half, the button came off on those but that happens, no fading in colour or shrinkage/bagging. As for tops i've had one polo shirt from there thats near a year old now and showing no signs of deterioration..Maybe shows that their quality is inconsistent? 
i am looking to build a wardrobe but I want to add some of their funky pieces, I really like the fit of their short sleeved collard shirts. Do you know any stores that have comparable style but higher quality. I enjoy purchasing items that stand the test of time.... and my washing machine. 
general mall-tier, probably fine for basics, but i wouldnt get much else there
I'd say quality-wise, worse than Uniqlo, better than H&M.
I like a lot of the designs but the clothes are overpriced for the quality. They have really good sales though so I would cop then. 
You can find some Aldens on sale for around that budget
Easily. Possibly even some shell cordovan ones (which would be preferable).
Kent Wang, Loake, Ed et al, Markowski, Charles Tyrwhitt are some more brands in addition to what Siegfried_F mentioned.
looked into it, thanks :) 
, ., and . are all in that range. 
much appreciated! 
thanks so much, leaning towards Charles Tyrwhitt wingtips at the moment :D
On an unrelated note is Johnson and Murphy a good dress shoe? 
They make some decent quality shoes (goodyear welted and all that) but the majority of them aren't that high quality. Style is okay. 
If its price your worries about check out the Nordstrom sale I know hey have AEs on sale just not sure why colors or style .If its brand then I'm sure someone else can help lol
for sure, thank you 
White/grey vans work very well
Black/White Nike SB Janoskis are comfy, and pretty casual as well.
I'm lost. What are Jordan's and LeBron's considered if not a casual shoe?.Check out the shoe guide in the side bar .. Guessing you are young so maybe some boat shoes or moccasins will work. 
LL Bean blucher mocs
I am a boat shoes guy.  Always have been always will be...as was my father before me.  but we aren't talking preppy looking, always clean boat shoes.  i am talking the kind that look like they have actually been used on a boat, in the water, with paint and teak stains...oh and without socks.  i think i may be the one of the few who think that boat shoes look 10x better when they are worn in some. they also tend to go with everything i wear from jeans to shorts.  i admit i do have a "clean" pair i can wear with nicer clothes but my go to for everyday if am not at work is a boat shoe.  the jack purcells interest me but maybe i will change it up one day.
"new" boatshoes are kind of not preppy at all. I have never seen anyone try and keep them clean either.
whats your budget
Preferably anything $80 and under.
lol save up some money du.i doubt youll be able to find anything besides vans and converse at that price that isnt walmart tier shit
get some white or grey vans authentics. and maybe some loafers or boat shoes. 
They are athletic shoes.
Lol right. They're named after athletes!
I have a pair of sperry 3 eye billfish and they go with every pair of casual pants I have. I would definitely look into what sperry has to offer. 
Vans Authentics off-white
You might want to look into saving up for a pair of second hand CPs, they go with pretty much anything. 
I suppose they can be casual shoes, but my point was that they are all I have. I would like to branch out and create a wider range of style. Basketball shoes can't be worn with everything.
Vans authentics, all day, all night.
What kind of boat shoes do you recommend?
i rock the sperrys original in sahara leather.  that's just because i am cheap and can usually find them on sale ($60 or less).  they will last me about 3 years before i have a blow out or the sole's start talking.  i find it hard to spend more than that on a casual shoe that i am just going to abuse the shit out of.
For whatever reason Vans are all over style blogs these days and they're pretty cheap but I've always associated Vans as a skater brand. I have Sperry top-sider halyard laceless shoes but I choose to use laces.
Yeah, I'm with you. Even though they aren't "supposed" to be worn with jeans, I do it anyway. They're so comfy and easy to just slip on and go. I also wear them in cold(ish) weather. I simply don't care!
low top chucks in neutral colors

If I'm remembering right it was a Nike windbreaker from the 90s so you'd have to check eBay or etsy..Edit: also thrift store 
All I can think is how did this guy ever become 'sexiest man alive'?
For dress sock, try socks that go over the calf, creatively named over-the-calf socks. Dapper Classics and Pantherella's on Sierra Trading Post are about $15-25 per pair. 

I've have a few sock like that, but what do you do with the leg hair problem? My leg hair starts to really annoy me after a while. Is that just me?
Never experienced any leg hair problem. Might be the socks material (cotton, cotton/poly, wool, wool/silk, etc) against our skin. Might be that you're skin/leg hair is sensitive. .You could look into sock garters. 
OP here: Thanks, everyone. I'm following-up in case this is of assistance to anyone looking for an answer to this question later..My washing machine doesn't have a gentle cycle, so I washed them last night in a regular, short cycle and removed them before the spin cycle. They're hanging to dry now and look just fine.
woolite with gentle or delicate setting.hang dry.if you go to a laundromat you might just need to handwash since i havent seen a delicate setting.
I've read up a bit on this, as I too have bought pants with a "Dry-clean only" label.
It seems that a lot of higher-end clothing makers will label their clothing as "Dry-clean only" so sort of avoid risk of you ruining the clothing due to washing. Or even to "cover their ass" if it happens to have faded or frayed or something in the wash. For the most part, if it's not wool or some other type of animal fibre, you can wash it in the delicate cycle or by hand. .Also, the fact that it's thrifted, would make me not worry about it. The person that had it before probably just washed them regularly.... or in the delicate cycle. 
Interestingly, I don't think they were ever worn. There was still stitching in the waistband from where the label and price tag would have been attached. It was loose thread, which would have come out in washing.
Aren't you the lucky one then, to have found a fresh pair of pants at a (I assume) great price! :D
It's a lot better than finding a shirt with neck grime (ew!).
100% cotton? I'm sure they'll be fine in a gentle setting. 
fromjapan.co.jp
Wear thick socks and blast them with a hair dryer in the stiff bits. Wear them around until they cool down. It helps stretch and break in the leather.
I really wouldn't advise blasting good leather with a hair drier. There is a reason you are supposed to let them dry away from direct heat. 
Wear them for a few hours at a time around your house.  Wear them to the grocery store.  Wear them during errands.  Just don't wear them when you won't be able to change out of them during the day.
Good idea. I'll give that a shot!
I got . flask as a gift about a year ago. 
Mine is currently filled with a blend of Weller 12 year and Old Weller Antique
Come at me

I have a couple:.This one from . that I really like the look of.  Kind of wish it didn't say 'this way up' but I like the leather..And a gunmetal one that looks like ., engraved with my last name. It's a little bit lame but don't tell my gf .Both were gifts. I don't really use them at all but they're fun to have  
This is what im rocking these days. 
A bit off topic: but what stores would sell a plain metal flask? Preferably glass lines, but if not that is okay..I was looking in SF for a 6-8oz one, and can't find an unmarked one for cheap. I can't order it online either.
I am unsure of these 2. I kinda like them but im still unsure.-.-
My flask is one from my wedding with my name engraved upon it.  Typically filled with scotch.  .I'm really tempted to buy . though.  Would make bible study a lot more appealing. 
got a bunch from walmart for $3/piece. they get lost sometimes. 
I can't remember which shop on Etsy I got my girlfriend's flask from, but you can find a ton of basic flasks with shit put on them. Pretty neat and usually only ~$20. .The one I got my girlfriend had basically . on it, although it was a bit better quality than this.
flasks are for basic bitchmade dumbos who think "class" is an adjective that applies to them
I mean flasks really don't serve that much purpose...well, at least with my experience as a college student.
Some people like things you don't like.
I see them a lot in cutlery stores and sometimes jewelry stores. Any store that has camping gear should have a plain stainless steel one, but I'm sure it won't be glass lined.
Yea I checked out a sportsauthority, and they didn't care any conventional looking flasks. Walmart had some online, but only the NFL logo ones instore. An the army surplus store had some but they were all military branch logo-ed, and I don't really want to be carrying a marine flask. .Finding a plain one from a store is way tougher than I thought, I will give another look.
Somehow (shipping error) I managed to have two of them, so I kept one and now have a 3oz, a 8oz and a massive one as a door prize that holds half a bottle of wine.  I don't know why I'd need to put half a bottle of wine in a flask, but knowing that I can...
They come in 6 and 8 oz sizes. If you are carrying overproof whiskey, that's plenty of consumption for a single person
Honestly, I find myself either using my 8oz or wishing I had a plastic one.  Baseball games, bourbon and a souvenir-sized Coke usually go well together.
sometimes the end justifies the means
IF YOU HAVE EVER CARRIED A FLASK YOU ARE A DOUCHEBAG OF THE HIGHEST ORDER
I'm not saying I have anything against flasks. I'm just stating that seeking flasks as a "cool accessory" seem to be counter intuitive.
Personally, I find them useful for certain occasions. I think most people here don't want a cool flask to impress other people, it's more of a personal satisfaction thing. Don't you just like owning cool stuff sometimes?
Yeah, of course. Like I said before, I have nothing against flasks. 
Or, you know, a functional item.
that makes it even worse there are plenty of times throughout the day when it is socially acceptable to drink how about don't be a shithead who needs to bring four ounces of booze wherever you go
I don't advocate carrying one around all the time but there are some occasions when it's nice to have one. 
really like when
An outdoor concert, watching a sporting event, the after party of a wedding, golfing, visiting your in-laws, watching the sunset with your friends at the beach, party hopping, etc. They are easy to carry and conceal because they fit in your pocket.
you can get a drink at like all of those functions why not do that instead of looking like a dweeb
Public consumption of alcohol is illegal in America in most situations, flask helps you keep it on the down low. Also why should I pay $9 for a cheap beer at one of these functions when I can bring my own alcohol?
drinking is legal in like all of those situations you mentioned and if you can't afford to drink maybe you shouldn't be drinking
$1 plastic flask from the liquor store is the best because it doesn't set off metal detectors.
This thread makes me wish I drank more....
DO ITTTTT
I'll start right away!!!!
I've got this.  It fits in a coat pocket and the opening is great for pouring.
 is the one I have. Its Awesome!
I like this . flask, but it may be a little expensive for something I'll probably lose..There are also some cool . flasks on ebay.
Vintage flasks can be a bad idea, especially pewter as it use to be made with lead.  Also they can be super dirty inside and nearly impossible to clean...

not too expensive and the wide mouth means you can actually pour into it and drink out of it without a funnel
I have a regular Stanley flask and love it. One of the better flasks I've used. 
I'm a little late to the party... . is from ., from Scotland with love.
I bought this set of . from Amazon for for $12. They're stainless. They hold alcohol. They're cheap..I gave several away, and I still have enough to get me through a night at the in-laws. 
6? that's commitment 
My girlfriend got me a coleman flask wrapped with brown leather (plus some wild turkey!). It's nice to handle and doesn't make as much noise when I drop it.
I own this . and I am tremendously satisfied with it. I like asking people if they want to come sailing with me.
Saw a bunch of these at a local shop a year back, been wanting one ever since..
EDIT: Oh yeah, remembered I didn't buy one because I was pissed that they had a Jayhawks flask but not a Missouri one. If you go through the collegiate part of the site, it looks like there are some university ones but not many. Damn. 
. It'll get some heavy use at fall tailgates.

I like the way you . think.
I have none. I just really enjoy how blunt your post is
TIL that MFA's full of alcos..I use a cheap souvenir flask from NZ. It's crappy af and the liquor tastes gross but that's a job done so I really couldn't give a shit.
I have.. It's the highest quality flask that I've ever come across!
So much class
I have two flasks and have only once ever needed one and when I needed it I couldn't find the flasks due to my not having needed them in the past.
Is this really a fashion item? Just get a goddamn flask. It doesn't need to be fancy. 
this thread has shown that this subreddit has gone full neckbeard. it was never that great for fashion in the first place, but it was at least somewhat decent. oh well happens when any subreddit gets bigger, this place is basically shit anyways.
Can you explain what full neck beard is? I feel kind of stupid, I didn't even realize we passed half neck beard.
well for one thing theres about maybe a dozen people on this subreddit that dress decently, everyone else looks like shit. the fact that the stuff they post gets upvoted at all is part of what contributes to that. and then the fact that "what le flask should i le get reddit Xd" is here just proves that next to every user is a neckbeard. if you use a fucking flask then you already have one and it doesnt matter what it looks like, the only type of people who post asking for flasks to buy are little bitches who most likely are going to be drinking milk out of it
I've actually been looking for a flask and have found this thread to be a good place to get ideas so far. I'm sure there are others in my position as well with a subreddit this large
Full neckbeard is a quarter past 3/4 neckbeard. So just flask out of your drink and relax..
Would you like to justify that blanket statement?
sure thing flasks are douchey and so are dudes who carry them
Right. Good discussion.
why don't you tell me how they're not the douchiest shit ever
Nah I'm good.
Good discussion!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I raise my flask in a toast, fellow alcoholic. .Aye, they are a little garish, but a necessity for the modern booze hound. 
Who's the more lame? The lame post? Or the guy loudly complaining about it?.Want quality content? Submit some, motherfucker. 
that's some tough talk for an autist defending the use of flasks
i dont want quality content because this subreddit is shit and it doesnt matter
Kinda lame, but it looks nice and seems quality. ..
would be so much better without the stupid words
Am I the only one who loses flasks more than sunglasses?.I just figure use the cheapest form of transporting that alcohol, then disposing it.
Seriously. I probably get a new one every two months. They're a necessity for going out on the cheap. I just recycle through the $3 ones they sell at Walmart or the gift pack boxes that come with them; Jim Beam Double Black often sells them. 
I'm right there with you bud.
Easy solution. I put my address and 10 stamps on my stainless steal flask and then covered it with clear packing tape. So I can throw caution to the wind while using my flask. 
This . is Amazon gold.

I was hoping to pick up one of these from UO, but they stopped selling it 2 days before I went...worst luck ever.
I have this same flask. Flask cousins.  
internet five!
Liquor stores usually have a cheap plastic flask available. They tend to be black with a clear stripe down the side so you can see how much fluid is left. Sure, it's the Fisher Price of flasks, but there's a very important caveat: plastic will make it through metal detectors. Some venues will wand people through, so consider the plastic flask as a versatile accessory. .. I was a founding member and they sent me the flask, and a very nice woodblock print of their logo. .As for proper care: vinegar works wonders in deodorizing. Never store carbonated liquids in your flask.  
thanks for the vinegar tip
[deleted]
i would assume it's because the pressure would build as you walked, which would not be so good when you opened it.
I don't particularly care for this one at all. 
I like the one at the . a bit more.  I like the lighter-colored leather and wording a bit more.
You missed the best part: the JCrew flask hold 1oz more liquor than the JCrew Factory flask.
My favorite flask I ever bought was from CosmicFirefly on Etsy. .Here is the link to his flask store:.The one I purchased is this . flask. It's hold my scotch without getting that metal taste in it, is beautifully crafted, and more importantly, holds my scotch. .He sells a lot of other steampunk looking things, but definitely check out his flasks!
Damn. I wish I drank so I could carry one of those around. Beautiful. 
DO ITTTT
I own a cheap $3 from a local shop, it's stainless steel. It's OK daily handler. .I drink a lot.
I find it easiest to transport in my belly.
*bloodstream
Yeah and when you want to pour your buddy a drink you can just pull some upon through your stomach and directly into their mouth.
Like birds! It shows how close we are.
 I like that it's unadorned and will not tarnish.
Doesn't pewter contain lead though?
I believe some older pewters do contain lead, but this particular flask does not. Here's a bit from the product description:
[deleted]
Wish the 6 oz wasn't sold out.
[deleted]
no
I like it. Plus I hear pewter doesn't give your alcohol that metallic taste like stainless steel does.
I think I can opt to be unfashionable with my liquor and store it in an unadorned, nontarnishable plastic water bottle and forego the $70 container that barely holds enough to get me tipsy.
That's your choice, but sometimes it's nice to know that you have the best of something.
Fair enough, but that argument can easily be extended to clothing as well, or anything that people spend extra money on really. 
My good friend brought me this one back from Russia many years ago. The engraving says "best soviet soldier" in russian.

I like the rugby trophy
You have good taste in books
. current solo record is 5 liters in 22 hours..yolo
wheel of goon!
I don't know why people always got Franzia.  The knob is stupid and always leaks a few drops, staining your shirt.  Get Vella, it has a button instead which makes it 100x easier to drink from and never leaks.
This guys knows whats up. You must be from country Australia.
nz
I had two years of college that were sponsored by Franzia. 
Ugh the worst hangover
You may like to upgrade to this 
SLAP THE BAG.The most challenging drinking game of all time
It was 'slap the udder' where I come from.
The raging debate where I come from is whether you slap before or after you chug. Thoughts MFA?
during
before
You slap the bag when you are done and then someone closes it for you.  Other people can also slap the bag during the "game" to be obnoxious 
after
SLAPPIN' DA BAHG
Tour de Franzia. Much more fun..Any number of 2-person teams. First team to finish a box wins. Bonus points if you're the only team playing. .:(   
That's different from the Tour de Franzia I'm used to..The one I know consists of a number of houses, each stocked with two (or more if the house is generous) boxes of Franzia. Then the group of people (usually above 20) goes house to house, but can only move to the next location after all the wine in the current house is finished. Keep in mind this was accomplished in a square-mile college "town," so walking was the best way to get around. .The last Tour de Franzia I went on had 15+ houses involved and the number of people in attendance grew to 50+ as the group went through the town. It's obvious when the Tour is happening because you see a big group of people walking around with upside down red cups in their hands.. the Tour de Franzia I know and love is basically a mobile party.
When I saw Tour de Franzia, my first thought was that it would be a drinking game where two people are on a tandem bike while drinking a box of Franzia.
my favorite way of playing is to share the bag as fast as possible and then go ride bikes.it's not very smart but really fun
Try some suits that are a bit bolder...take a look at the suitsupply website...I think they've got some great examples of how to look like you're wearing a suit because you WANT to, not because you have to. 
just do what feels right. i used to be like you and wear my suits all over the place and i got known as the suit guy for better or worse. its cool to have a uniform. i only stopped because i realized that suits are fairly delicate and they often got dirty from drinks, sweat, etc.
I wear a suit every day at work, with few exceptions.  If you're confident about it and wear it to events that it fits, typically you just get compliments.  Nothing wrong at all to wearing a suit to things like art gallery openings, charity dinners, nice restaurants.  .Now that has limits.  If you have a beach wedding with a business casual dress code, it would be inappropriate to wear a charcoal power suit.  If you're invited to a pool BBQ, find a pair of shorts.  If you're going to a rock concert or baseball game, avoid a suit. .I think this is all common sense. 
Are you supposed to wear a suit for work every day? If so, then sure. There's a difference between the dude who shows up to a bar after work wearing his suit, and the dude who dresses up in a suit to go to the bar. Chances are your demeanor will give it away, anyway. You mention that not as many people wear suits to work, does that mean you're the only one? Or does that mean only you and your bosses are wearing suits? Or does that mean there's an even number of people wearing suits and not? If it's the latter, it's fine. If it's the former two, I think you should consider re-thinking some of your work attire. .IIRC art gallery openings can be relatively formal affairs. If you're the only one wearing a suit maybe you should reconsider it but if you're just going after work and that's what you're wearing then it's fine.
Bro, it's your job. In that context, it makes sense. .What's wrong is fat neckbeards wearing three-piece suits to GameStop. 
Links a picture of the most typical Brooks Brother model....Anyway, It's fine to wear a suit almost everywhere if you look comfortable.
Are people constantly asking you why you're so dressed up? If so, then probably. Really just depends on your social circle, the situation, and how much you care about fitting in. .Since you wear a suit to work everyday my guess is that it's less likely to come off as forced and awkward when you wear it to more casual events though. People will just think you came from work. 
If you want to 'casual up' after work, just take off the tie and undo the top button. If the colors go it should look dressy, but not as formal which might be more appropriate than a suit+tie for an art exhibit or buying coffee. Although removing the tie will only really be possible more in the summer months..Tom Ford hates ties, and doesn't wear them himself yet looks pretty dressed up but it looks like  more appropriate dressy for current America.
Less conservative i.e. brown belt, non solid color shirt.
yeah, I got it, but I thought it was pretty funny that was still pretty conservative.
In the industry I work in (private banking) everyone wears a suit. It's standard fare. But for most of the people my age in this town suits are not the norm (lots of petrol engineers, doctors etc) it's weird how different towns have such a disparate views on fashion based on the dominant industry.
To me it sounds like you're fine then, if you're wearing a suit to work 5 days a week you're going to be in a suit the majority of the time and I think people can recognize that. .But if you find you don't have a whole lot in between what you wear around the house and your suits, I would view this as an opportunity to expand some of your more casualwear if you're so inclined. Different kinds of jackets, shoes and boots, find jeans that you really like, etc. 
Personally, I think that a suit really needs to be worn with a tie. If you want to go tie-less a sport coat would be a much better option. Otherwise it looks like you just got off from work and couldn't be bothered to change.
Well that depends on the cut, the drape and the setting for the tie being critical. Which is why I said the tie less suit option is really only a warmer weather option, and less so an option with charcoal, or black suits. It works with beige, navy, or something more colorful.
Other than like, the gym, it's really hard for me to imagine a situation where wearing a suit is inappropriate. Fuck everyone else if they can't deal with it.
What regularly occuring weekend events require you to wear a suit? Genuinely interested
I didn't say say required, I just said not inappropriate. In general I think it's harder to over dress than to under dress.
Metallica concert...
Makes some of the most beautiful ties I've ever seen.
That is the ironic part haha
i mean it really just depends on context. thats why these kids who are just freshmen in uni look silly wearing suits to class or whatever; it's because class is generally a more casual affair while a suit is more formal. the fit can be gr8, colors go perfectly together, the whole nine yards, but context is key.
[deleted]
Something is off about my shirt, and I'll probably change it. 
BDG.Ralph Lauren.APC .Sperry.edit: sorry for the lacklustre photography... I desperately needed something to do to hold me over on this layover and couldn't find a full length mirror for the life of me.

First waywt, weekend in Atlantic city..Uniqlo/h&m/redwing.The watch is seiko
My first WAYWT post! I'm going to go thrifting for the first time today, hopefully the Salvation Army will have things my size. today.  .Also, how is the fit on . ? It's Billabong..
It's a little loose and definitely too long, what do you do with a shirt like this? Just let it hang long, or hem it with sewing machine?  .EDIT: 
Gap/Old Navy?(converted from an old pair of pants)/Vans.Glasses are some Kenneth Cole Reaction ones I found at Marshalls..My hair's getting way too long, ugh.
Hey everyone, new to the community - any feedback would be nice. :). - front, shoes out of frame
. - side, shoes in frame.Sorry about the bad lighting! :S
Leather converse
UB101 in black
H&M Shirt
Baxter in Catalina Blue
Britton Camo hat
Picked up 3 new shirts today from Gap.how's the fit? 
These are all pretty much just outfits for going out. First post sorry for the crappy lighting and the only big mirror is in my parents' restroom
.Outfit 1 
Oxford shirt from Hollister
Olive colored Levi 511 jeans
Shoes Nike SB.Outfit 2
Transformers Autobot Beanie (trying to have a little fun)
Arizona navy V-Neck
Olive colored 511 jeans
Red Vans.Outfit 3
Transformers Decepticon Beanie it's reversible to show both sides
Straight faded Grey Hoodie
Carbon skinny jeans from rue 21
Nike SB
Outfit 4
Burgundy sweater from JCP
Mossimo green plaid button up
Carbon skinny jeans frome rue 21
Nike SB
[deleted]
This isn't working 100% for me and I'm not sure I can pin it down. People will tell you the shorts could be shorter. Maybe the rise on the shorts seems a little low, which makes the tucked shirt not look quite right? And the shoes don't seem to be quite right, either. Sorry to be so negative; it doesn't look bad, just not quite on point.
Those shoes look awful to me with the shorts.


Work attire for a lawfirm.EDIT: casual law firm, boss has great fashion sense.. in court we dress more conservative obviously.EDIT 2: H&M Jacket, Banana Republic Non Iron Shirt, Banana Republic Slacks, Cole Haan Air Charles Chukkas.
those sneaks don't do justice to your suit. It looks like a mismatch. I think suede loafers would've been a better choice. btw you need a more stylish gym bag.

Weekend outfits
.
.
.
.Work. 
.

I think you should get pants tapered in work fit. Lots of extra.
I'd shorten up the shorts.
Weekend's blue and yellow looks good, maybe white shoes for summer? No biggie there though. For work, iron your pants, and wear them a little lower. Also learn to tuck in your shirt (check the sidebar) and find some tapered pants. Alternately buy some slacks, because you want the pant to cover the very top of the shoes. In general you don't want to have stacking in your pants at work. 

Yea i need some grey alphas. 
I think the pants themselves look fine, getting them tapered would be cheaper than buy alphas. An ironing would hurt either :)

first post, sorry for the shitty picture

First time poster, long time lurker. .This is a work outfit (internal IT for a major Tech Support/Call Center) .JCrew green/white striped button down
Banana Republic White v-neck undershirt
Abercrombie dark wash straight cut jeans
Calvin Klein black tie with a four in hand knot.Opinions? 
not great. a black tie is for funerals. if you're going to wear a tie with this, i'd go preppy with a striped rep tie or a knit tie. the shirt is still quite loose. the jeans are too low or are sitting too low for you to tuck in.
tie and jeans are a clash of formality imo
Don't dig that shirt tucked into jeans..Shirt doesn't fit very flatteringly.Tie and jeans don't work together..Black tie isn't working here (they can work with a suit and if it's a textured tie)..I would either replace the tie by a casual knit tie and the trousers by chinos, or add a jacket, replace the tie by a non-black dark tie and swap out the jeans for chinos/dress trousers.
Another try... .
Hanging out on the deck, hence no shoes. 
How does this look? Everything fit ok? Shorts not too long, etc...?.Figured simple is best... .Oxford shorts
Polo vneck t
nice fit, maybe try to cuff your shorts once.
 . 


looking good man, the shorts fit well
I love those shorts, they look amazing on you. 
Like the fit a lot minus the flip flops. I'd go with some vans but that's just my preference.
the shirt is a bit too long so it hides how your jeans are ridin'. It'd be nice if you could either get the jeans hemmed or cuffed up a bit tighter
Looks pretty good, but fits 2 and 3 would look better without the beanie
Yea I normally wouldn't wear it like that and I can see were you are coming from. Thanks for the input.

Shorts sitting too low on hips, makes your torso look super long..Don't like belt with this whole thing..I would say, if those shorts were pants in the same color, you swapped out the belt to match shoes, and didn't change anything else, this would be great.
where 2 cop shoes
I got them at a Sperry store at an outlet mall a couple months back. 
Im a fan of the two t-shirts i think the shirt is good however personally i prefer to wear patterned shirts with such a simple outfit
The shirt is pretty tight, especially from the front view.
I suppose that's a bad thing...? lol
It can be, wearing a white t always runs the risk of looking like you're wearing an undershirt rather than a regular white t.  It's dependent on the transparency of the shirt and tightness imo
how did you size the archival sweat? can't decide between S and M. I got APC in 29 for comparison, what are your's?

i think this could do with maybe rolling up the shorts, they look a little too long
Your proportions look a bit off in this. I think you might be wearing your pants too high and I think they're a few inches too long - do you know how long their inseam is?
Nope, size 28 American Eagle shorts, if that helps. You think lower shorts would help? 
I went to lowermy pants and accidentally changed my whole outfit. How's the new one?
This looks better to me personally. Good fit on everything as far as the picture shows.
unbutton the top 2 buttons.  
Pants fit alright. Shirts fit decently well. Not sure what to say about it. It's definitely not BAD, but i wouldn't say the fit is great either. .For fir 3, if you're going to tshirt under a shirt, make sure it's an obcd and unbutton the whole thing, not a dress shrit like in your picture. 
Okay thank you for the advice! The pants aren't perfect, I've already tailored them the best I could, and I don't think I can do anything else to them.  .As for the others, I'm trying to work with what I have at the moment before going out and buying new clothes, as I'm in the middle of my growth spurt right now. But I will definitely invest in an OCBD when I've finished growing and wear it like you suggested.  .Thanks again!
you seemed to be 16 at the oldest in your pictures. Don't stress out too much on clothing in high school. Just make sure it fits and don't spend too much on any one item. .you have a long time to spend on clothes.

I'd lose those glasses and maybe untuck the shirt. Also shorts look a little long
I think the shorts are too big in the leg. Other than that, looks good to me.
Yeah honestly I'd agree, but with everyone I know still on the super bunchy cargo shorts train, I needed something that looks better but won't stand out way too much. 
shoes are ugly,
pants fit well,
shirt is ugly,
ditch the necklace, really really juvenile and embarrassing.bilabong shirt fits ok, don't change it and definitely don't slim it down because it's not loose
Alright. I agree about the shoes, and I am for sure trying to make the shirt work, but it doesn't in this case..
Could you tell me why exactly you don't recommend the necklace, besides that it is "juvenile"? It has sentimental value for me, I wear it basically 24/7, I would be fine with changing the cord 
shirt is just ugly don't try to save it.if it has sentimental value conceal it, it's big and distracting

Good fits on everything. I think outfit 3 would look better if the shorts are shorter.
the clown shoe thing is not as bad irl as straight-on pics make it seem
, ..
Shirt from Express, Jeans from American Eagle, Jacket from H&M.
Jeans don't go with the shirt/jacket and tie.
Get rid of the Transformers beanie. But everything else is solid

Dig all of this except the cuffing shenanigans in fit 1.
iIlike everything but the shoes. They make your feet look huge which they quite possibly are. Coming from a US size 14 I have personally found that white makes your feet look bigger than they actually are and so I stick to darker colours especially with shorts
Thanks for the feedback! :)
As a note, the pants are more of an olive green in person, opposed to the brownish that they appear to be in photos.
Shirt and trousers are nice (shirt's a bit tight across the shoulders/chest) but I don't think the shoes work with them like this. Very chunky and sporty for an otherwise slim and put-together outfit.

Inb4 skinny comments. I know. I'm working on it.
Sorry for the crap picture quality.
could just be picture quality, but everything looks pretty close in color and tone, you could benefit from a little more contrast..looks like you could size down on those pants as well.
You're probably right on both fronts. However the lighting/camera does play into the shade to an extent, and under normal lights I think it wasn't that bad. .I bought the pants for a little over $10 and they only had them in 34 so I went for it.
I found a button-up tee that actually fits. Should I tuck it or not?

A button up is not a tee. It's a shirt.
I have an interview on Friday, so I'm either wearing ...or . (ignore the v-neck and socks, I'll be wearing a dress shirt and tie).
the first suit fits better but seems out of place for an interview, also try a skinner tie knot and try to get a dimple .second suit is better suited for the occasion but doesn't fit nearly as well as the first one
I like #2 better
First WAYWT post, summery kinda clothes i guess .Bealls shirt, Kohls shorts, Clarks boat shoes. 
that's an interesting shirt, but it doesn't fit you very well. It needs to be slimmed and the sleeves look baggy & huge on you.
ok thanks, I have to buy slimmer shirts. Is everything else fine? That's the first time i tried wearing shorter flat front shorts, I came from a world of baggy and long cargo shorts. 

Went to the movies with the guys.
fit 3 is weak as fuck compared to 1 and 2. .Shorts too bold, and the shirt is also too bright. just look like you're a glowing light.
First attempt at pulling off shorts with stupidly hairy and pale legs-apart from that, typical monday wear 
Not a fan of much in this fit. The tee looks a little big on you and the big graphic is very distracting, jean shorts are kind of frowned upon unless they fit very well, which these do not! and I do not like the Converse too well in this fit, I feel like a pair of light Vans would do well for this fit instead though!

i like that 'all-buttoned-up' look. i rock it myself regularly..but on the shirt / pants ratio: i would go for rocking your jeans lower. giving it a . baggy look. it really helps silhouette wise :)
Shoulder seems end at the shoulder, shirt seems a little long, but as long as it ends just below the belt it's fine in my opinion, sleeves are tapered to about half way down the bicep. Good fits on the shirts. 

I'm not too big on the shoes in the first fit. Needs something that offers some visual contrast. 
What colour would you suggest? I own two pairs of shoes, the other pair can be seen on the ground in the first pictures (they're blue). Do you think those would work better? 
If only I had somewhere to go today.
The shirt is a little big
what boots are these
They are guess gmyan high tops.
I love fall/winter clothing, how does this look?

this isnt bad but the nautical striping is taking me awway from the black jacket, which looks quite technical.
get jeans or pants that are a tad bit looser.normally chunky boots+skinny jeans work okay but the toe box of the iron rangers are just clownish
Transformers hat is kind of annoying, like a quirky graphic tee shirt. 
Yea I kind of thought so too. Thanks for the feedback
nah its fine he's probably just intimidated by your nips.altho if you found a tee with an extra inch or two in the chest it would work better
shirt too long
Clunky boots + skinny jeans make them look like clown shoes.
 :D. is the suit I wore underneath, and . is the enrobed version..The shirt and the shoes were bought in the last few days and the suit is a fair bit old. Everything you see is bought from Turkey, except the tie which is from my dad's old collection. I visit Turkey quite a lot and really like buying formal clothes there. The brands (I'm wearing: . suit, . shirt, . shoes, but also check out ., ., .) are very high quality for very reasonable prices.
Simple Monday at the office. The shirt feels fine on my body but it looks a little loose on the arms. .Mossimo
Gap
Clark's Bushacre 2.
.
.
.

Shirt doesn't look too bad in the arms man.  Don't worry 'bout it.
normally don't like armband tattoos but yours jives well with your clothes and looks cool ( ^ - ^ )b
I'm sorry but I just need to say that I hate your glasses. IMO they don't fit your face at all. Please get some new ones. .Everything else looks good. 
Also what frame style would you recommend? 
These frames were given to me for free. I do not have vision insurance, wear trifocals, and cannot afford new ones for another year. Thank you though for being honest. 
Order one of those Warber Parker Free home trial kits and see which ones suit your face best. 
Thanks man. How is the rest of the fit?
A little plain, but not in a bad way, just understated..I like the socks too.
love your tattoo dude
edit: 
the shirt looks oddly long. is it the angle?
I like what you were going for here. The shirt looks too big - it looks like it's falling off the shoulders and too big on the body.

shirt is a bit too large...I think it fits the shoulders well, but it still has a very "baggy" look to it.
Maybe partially but it is kinda long. 
this stuff looks good to me, not sure why its getting so much crit.looks super chill
good fit, people complaining about fraternity associations gotta check themselves.
Idk, as much as I defend boat shoes, pairing them with cargos, even well-fitting ones, is definitely approaching frat territory. Oh god, I can't believe I just said that, take me out back and put me out of my misery, George.
Cargos aren't frat though... 

meh, the cargo pockets are pretty slim and not baggy
I would have loved a pair of dark brown camp mocs for this.
Something a bit chunkier like the OSB's with vibram sole would do much better here for sure! 
After seeing OSBs and others I am sold on white wedge vibrams. 
proportions are outta whack -- 10/10 would iron
shirt looks really awkward. try rolling the sleeves above the elbow
I think the shirt color is too close to that of the pants: Jerzees long sleeve t, Levi's, vans.

I think you're right. I think a white or black version of the same shirt would be a good fit. Or maybe a subdued red/washed out maroon. 
go bears

i like this but i think the shirt and pants could use a little contrast. black, white, or grey would be cool. 

i actually kinda like how monotone this is. if anything i'd like to see plainer shoes so you look like an inmate.
Fairly basic today..Band tee/511's/CP's
even w/ my aversion to red pants i dig this.cool shoes ;)
Yeah, wonder where I got 'em....I swapped some white rawhide laces into them, too, and I really like the way they look.
White rawhide is tight bro..CP is fucking expensive, but it looks nice. Do you know any alternatives?
i don't like the laces but your preferences

 My blazer from H&M, shirt, pants, shoes from Zara.
I don't really dig the tee under blazer look, because it gives off that dbag vibe. But you pull it off very well and your whole outfit compliments your gf/wifey.... casual, but cocky.
Right on, thanks for the feedback - I'm an awkward turtle in this realm and just started dressing myself. A few months ago, you'd always catch me in basketball shorts and a hoodie. Thanks!
EDIT: not sure if people who upvoted you think I pulled it off well, or think I'm a dbag lolololol
Redwing, levi, j.crew

its [text](link) just a heads up
Yeah noticed after I posted

why do people hate you.i love u man

FWIW I think two works much better.
yo dude just stand, look straight, and let your arms dangle. 
might be the lighting, but I think both of these could benefit from lighter colored pants. the darkness increasing down the outfit is kinda neat visually though.
Found them 
I've been trying to find my pair of olive/khaki chinos (they're kinda in between) but they're somewhere in the depths of my closet
Love the shirt 
not so down with the henley as an undershirt, too many plackets.
Gotcha, I was kinda going for the thing that yoyo_shi did in the fall with the henley under the button up but unbuttoned.
I feel like that works better with heavier materials in the fall, flannel for instance.
Why are you standing like that?.Shirt looks better in #2..Pants look better with the boots.
Posing for self timer is weird, agreed on both counts.
thrifted.asos .levi.keds
What watch is that good sir
What watch is that?
I would also like to hear about that watch.

very cool
thanks!
Watch?
Its a Nixon, but dont ever buy a Nixon watch, quality is shit.
What wash/fit are those levis?
they are 511s that shrunk a bit in the dryer, no idea what the was is, just an indigo with no fades.
Maybe it's just me, but compared to Vans or other similar sneakers Keds just look so sloppy and flat. It's like comparing a burger from 5 Guys to the one you get at McDonalds. 
thats kinda why i like them. Like a slipper with a sneaker costume on. ive been thinking about getting some CPs though, considering i wear white sneaks almost every day.
Personally, the flatter the shoe looks the better in my opinion.  I was just admiring the fit of those shoes actually. 
I think the difference is in the proportion. kinggunkadunk looks like he's pretty tall. The keds have such a slim profile, that if you're too big they will look flat and sloppy like you said..The heftier sole on a pair of Vans would really balance this out. Keds look great on guys that aren't as tall.
They are beat to shit shoes that cost 35 bucks, so im not going to argue that they dont look sloppy and flat, however, I do love them. More than white vans.


this is p cool. if you had some brownish slip ons you'd practically be Cell Block 2.
silhouette of those shoes is worse but it looks really good despite that

Baggy fit on that robe. Looks awful. The whole thing really needs to be tailored. 1/10..But seriously, congrats on graduating!
I assume you're joking... We don't even get to try them on before ordering. We just type in our height and they give us what they give us!
clearly a joke


Which season is that tie from? 

I love that tie.  Watch and boots are awesome too.   .Looks like the suit is pulling at the middle button though.  The tailor that made it should be able to fix that pretty easily.  .Why are you standing next to a old TV?

wonder why you're gettin so much hate
Yeah, I'm pretty curious what the downvotes are from... there's something comforting though about being the top post in WAYWT 

For a bespoke suit I find it incredibly weird that there's so many random creases everywhere. The sleeves seem to be pulling in just about every direction imaginable and the waist appears to be suppressed in a way I've really never seen before..Also, I don't think your suit jacket is long, it's definitely the shirt sleeve being about half an inch too short (it should be resting on your thumb knuckle).

Hate the shirt collar and the tightness at the chest button. .Love the tie and boots

do you really think that tuck is a good look?
Not . . .really. But it looks really long when it's untucked.
Get it hemmed. 
those jeans are wholly inappropriate for tucking your shirt into. your choices are a) not a good look untucked or b) not a good look tucked, so i recommend going with option c
[deleted]
How on earth was he being an asshole? If it's not gonna look good tucked and it's too long untucked he needs to either get the shirt tailored or wear something else. I'm all for calling out assholes, but when basic constructive criticism is getting downvoted because people are being overly sensitive that's really dumb.
he doesn't need advice on what to wear, he's already shown he knows exactly how that shirt works with those pants. he needs advice on when to take his own advice.
You think it would work better with some lighter chinos? 
Maybe like this (.) without the croping.
probably. khaki would work and a marled gray (or even a dark charcoal) might be interesting to see. if you're worried about length something with a barely dropped crotch to offset it would help wear it untucked. material wise i think something with a fairly tight weave would be best, but you could go fine or thick gage with that shirt.

uniqlo/lvc/dockers/red wing
What is the point of the tab collar, I have one on a jacket and I don't quite understand the purpose.
this is cool, I like this a lot better than your all black stuff

Love that shirt
thanks duder
How'd you size? TTS or one down? I have one similar that they only had a medium (which I bought) and haven't gotten it tailored yet but definitely didn't fit as well as yours

hey miner
i'm an iron worker bro didn't you see my shoes
You look so happy <3 Love that the beard is getting back
cool shirt
Simple.
.Uniqlo/Uniqlo/Converse
I like this. What color is that shirt? A very dark blue, or some shade of black? I've got some green chinos in a nigh identical color (probably a little brighter), and I've been struggling to find the right shirt.
Love the simplicity
next time take a pic that actually includes the shoes with the fit and doesn't include the face.  i don't mean any offense to your face or anything it's just distracting seeing a new face when we're trying to collect thoughts on a fit. 
fwiw , its very simple yet cool.
It's just standard navy blue.

all the links broke on my post sry dawgs. 
What jeans are those?
nice stacks
id on sweat
Ditto
Archival

Love it. Everything looks good esp the jeans
APC ps
I'm not really feeling the flyknits on this one, I think it would benefit from all white sneakers, or black (waxed) jeans. 
Wife snapped a quick one of the pup and I at the dog park.
.Not the best representation of the fit since I'm sitting down, but I love the basic t-shirt and jeans look. 
Would love to know the name of the rinse of the Levi's if you still remember 

How do you like the BR boots?  I was real close to getting some new the other day for like $75 and I want to know if I fucked up..Fit looks good n' basic tho, nice casual.
You should go back and buy them, without a doubt. They were $150 brand new and worth every penny. They are my favorite pair of shoes.
I'd like to know as well
Just a quick question, what hair product do you use? My hair looks to be the same color/consistency and I just can't get it to look like that. Solid fit btw!
Axe Hold+Touch Fine Hair paste..A nickel sized dab ran through wet hair holds all day.
What kind of dog is he or she?.Just curious because your dog looks very similar to my dog and my wife and I have no clue what she is!  Our dog has a bit of a longer snout though.

sweet dog find tho
Yesterday's
.J. Crew/ Topman/ CP Achilles
whats the color of those pants?

is that in san diego?

I like it
khaki
Aww cheer up bud.
the sun, I can't see :(((
before anyone asks, no i didnt wear the jacket out. just a new piece, trying it out. 
I think I remember seeing you mentioning this shirt in the Recent Purchases thread, what is it?
ya trainers look cool.i think fit works better with jacket but prob too hot out

Still love this. 
Yeah, shoes not so much.  Everything else looks p cool tho..You could probs rock some chunky black hi-tops w/ this fit.  
he'd just look like everyone else if he did that.

Hang onto that jacket it's fantastic and fits you and your style really well!
Making do without much of a budget! .Sweater: $5-Urban Outfitters mega sale some time ago.Shirt-$15-Merona.Shorts-$5 at the same Urban sale. Started as pants but I cut them.Shoes: $20 Old Navy
Yourself? Sewing machine? Props if you did. I just bought a sewing machine so I could hem up all my old badly-fitting crap.
Jason bateman?
Kitchen scissors and hand-stitched the edges...travelling now, so have to make do with what I got! Would love a sewing machine though
I think I like everything individually, but I dont like the sweater + short combo

Disagree respectfully. It's a very preppy look and I think it looks awesome

I really like that shirt. Does anyone know of a similar one for the US?
Thank you! I bought it at Top Shop when I was in London, not sure if that helps you at all. Good luck!
I checked out the Peter Werth website and sadly the shipping to the US was almost as much as the shirt itself.
Found it on . for a little over $45 shipped (sizes Large and up). I paid more for it myself :'(
Awesome, I'll keep an eye on it for smaller sizes. Thanks. 
Those jeans look great. Where did you find Momotaro online? The on places I've found don't ship to the US
Thank you! I didn't buy them online, rather at a small brick & mortar in Seattle. If you're really interested in a pair PM me and I can go back and look at sizes for you tomorrow.
gap tee.uniqlo cargos (blackish grey).flyknits
you need a better camera than the potato one you currently have, would improve your fits x100
I like the fit, but I definitely miss trying to guess what beverages are on your table.
devils conference champions #1 hat
comfy

are the uniqlo cargos really that slim? I was thinking of picking some up but whether they were actually all that slim was the one thing holding me back. would you say they fit close to 511s?

dont insult my webcam m8
H&M, Pepe Jeans chino, Nike Flash

Where can I get those shoes exactly?
I like everything about this.
thank you!
Nice fit
thanks!
They are Nike Flash Canvas. i got them online from a german eBay seller a few years ago (I'm from Austria, so no problems with shipping). I would suggest to search for them online...
Trying something a bit different here, would probably look better with different jeans but I wanted to throw on my beat up Levi's..| AllSaints | Alternative Apparel | Levi's | Red Wing |
.
.Also, going to be that guy...reposting my fit from Friday since it was a bit late.."Bought Monitaly bowtie print shirt and shorts because they were discounted like crazy and it's one of my favorite brands: .Here's the shirt in today's fit:., I swear I'll post a fit with other shoes soon..Also got a ."
Noiiccee - jacket's looking good. I wish mine fit that well.

Hair looks brilliant. Digging that denim jacket in your first fit too.
best fit in thread. nice call on the black boots.

I really like the the first fit if I cover the boots, I'm not that keen on the black boots in this. maybe brown would be better, or maybe mmm sidezips or uh maybe not tucking I dunno.hair looks good
what do you call that haircut? Been trying to get my stylist to get it right...or do you have some reference photo?

wooaaah monitalyyy.tell me about them

wanna see the bowtie shirt and shorts worn together.also, to me the trucker looks better unbuttoned
That first fit is fantastic. You look like you belong in that American Heritage guide . just wrote. That first tee kind of reminds me of that long-length APC/Kanye tee..Bowtie shirt looks too short, though.
Shit people actually read that. I'm pretty sorry about not having any photos. I wrote that whole thing out at 1 am and was too tired to look for pics. If I have time today I will not edit some in 
I read it! Last night I was wishing it existed, and then I woke up this morning to find that it magically appeared. I was excited. 
Can't see too much, but I think glasses are too big for your face.
I just can't get behind those shoes no matter what, but I like the rest. Jacket is prime.

I love fits like these where just changing the top or bottoms or shoes makes a world of a difference.
Damn, any chance you have a link on that second sweater? Great fit.

Where'd you get the sweater? I haven't been on MFA in like two days, so I'm not sure who you are copying either! Thanks

tbh the red raf dip dye doesn't really look good on anyone that I've seen.mostly people in really basic shit with just the dipdye instead of a solid color sweater and it looks really weird (see: half of /fa/ waywt).of course that's how raf himself wore it so w/e I'm probably full of shit
dip dye looks pretty weird here
lellers look good on you
wow you look so good w2c style

Riff Raf usually what I'm dressed in.

Look used.  You can definitely find some deals on them if you hunt a bit..$100-$150 range even.

I like the colors and planned on posting it anyway. .Oakley / Uniqlo linen / target tank / billabong shorts
I find it odd that the photo focuses on your junk.
Know the specific model of the shorts? Thanks.
they are from last year - .  They are from the "Garage Collection"
Thank you very much!
You looked burned man, ouch. 
haha, fortunately that's mostly the filter.  
#noedit #instaflex #followforfollow #f4f #caughtmeslippin #malefashion

Old Navy / Mossimo / PF Flyers
If you unbuttoned one more button it'd look better imo but it's a preference thing. Try it out if you like.
I'd cuff the jeans personally, but that's an entirely subjective suggestion.  .Not bad.
These jeans don't look too great when cuffed, but I have some Unbranded's coming in the mail soon so I'll experiment with cuffing more when I get those..Thanks!

The jeans fit perfect, and I love those flyers! Great fit overall, classic.
. 
Something about the collar seems off, maybe it needs to be ironed?

it's probably just the angle... but gorgeous tree-legs, dude
[deleted]

Shorts?
H&M, $20
I would probably undo one more button on the shirt, but, then again, maybe I'm a slut.  Nice fit, dude.
went to my first north american wedding. greek x jamaican. shit was mental.
can't say much because I don't know my suits well, but the fit looks good from what I can see and the tie + hanky combo is sexy 

def not feeling tie ps combo
Black shoes and a white pocket square would work better IMO, but I'm a fan of keeping it classic.
i like the brown shoes here. but white pocket square for sure
fwiw i agree, just those are my only leather shoes and pocket square.
You should definitely get a white pocket square as they are so versatile!

Understand that less sporty shorts would work better here. I just don't have any
What kind of Nike shorts are those, btw?
where is that button up from?
beeb
Love your sodding outfits lately mate <3 
both are really cool
Liking the two-tone shirt.
it's like a worse split shirt


bling-bling deets?
i like the look with the sporty shorts, actually.
whats the jacket in pic1
NBs are pretty sick here.
jacket deets please
first is cos jersey bomber, second is some cheap jacket from pull&bear
i like this a lot.the shorts are fitting dont let others tell u otherwise
Sporty shorts work better in the second than the first. Jersey is just an odd pairing.
Just a reiteration of stuff.
 is some important information for you.

Is that an urban sombrero?!
Still not sold on the hat -BUT- I think this is by far the best pairing you've done with the rest of the pieces.
haha yesssss
really digging this one
What are the shirt and the pants?
your hats are my favorite thing. .really dig those shoes too.
i thought you were trying to censor your eyes and then i realized.
cool sunglasses.I really like the floral
Thanks pronssi. I like it because they're leaves. :)
are you wearing one of 
mortal kombat flashback
leave raiden alone
what's your body fat percentage? 
Not sure actually
he's noting dat arm vascularity
2
I think if you didn't do the underlayer tee again this would be stronger..Your face blocking is translucent btw.

 ..Edit: not sure why people think those shorts are wet or that I went into the ocean, .those are waxed so they look shiny but I didn't go into the water.
alucard
how you supposed to frolic in the water with that shit on
jp is hot as balls right now and u know it. why the beanie?.are those julius shorts.
because I cant find anyone that cuts gaijin hair
lol was passing through not going to the beach 

The IG link is gorgeous, seems Japan is treating you well!

More like noctis
seeing your face actually helps with your fit no homo.
lol pretty much quit
u look cool but id be confused af if i saw u at the beach wearing this 
I didnt go to the beach wearing this, I just was at the beach at the time to take a the picture, I was actually there to see the shrines and eat sushi 


What is that parka though, impossible to google Can.
i love the shape of slipper loafers -- are they stubbs?
y aren't you a consistent contributor yet?  You always have the most interesting fits in any WAYWT thread.
he is 
If I could put to words why I love that jacket I would..All I know is I want it.
hope you got deep pockets: 

that jacket is my favorite thing that you own
Are you a bad enough dude...to save the president?
nonnative
if you had to guess me wearing a brand and it was notwolf vs goat and also it came from a collection called underman, which brand would you guess?

didnt know gustin had branched out into parkas!
trash is a cc, has been for a long time. he just hides his tag.
Oh.  I thought he had a tag awhile ago but had it stripped away like veroz.  Thanks for telling me, I appreciate it.

Do you even English?
it's like schizophrenia but in a good way
it's confusing me that I like this so much. I need to do some meditation on this. 

i'm not sold on the colors but i don't dislike it the way i imagined i would so i think we're actually in the same boat here
what would you do to improve color coordination here?.personally i think the shoe choice is weak, and grey pants would be better
Yeah the colors are the thing I'm confused by I think. I mean it's like Initially I'm like, that's not working, but the more I look the more it starts to? Idk. 
it sucks because you suck.i'll bet you didn't think the shirt pattern would look good with the jacket.the reality is it looks bad because you have dirty feet

I really think the hair is too much and detracts from how classy the rest of the look is. But awesome fit, nonetheless

Cool look, like those artists from the '70s. Usually if I wear a jacket, my pants have a higher rise. But it doesn't sink the ship here.
tie and belt and shoes are clashing too much 

Everything fits you really well. Do you have a brown belt that is similar in color to to the shoes?
Yeah, I really like everything except the belt. 
I agree, a similar-colored belt would complete this outfit for sure
It's really cold in my office, so I have to bring a sweatshirt.
solid.

What jacket is that?

Is it good quality/ would you reccomend it?

*takes notes
looks good. how long did it take to get the daypack?
Thanks man.  I placed the order pretty late, but I got it in sometime last week.  Probably about 6 weeks.
is it worth it? (and try to sift through your thoughts about it without the 'omg it's a toj TOJTOJTOJTOJTOJTOTJOJT thoughts, lol)

ToJ daypack is neat, cool grab
Awesome. I would love to pull something like this off; really jealous the weather wear you are permits you to wear an outfit like that.
Haha thanks.  More like the ridiculous temperature they set the thermostats to in the office.  It's a bit too hot outside for the sweatshirt.
this is really good man
would benefit from a looser tee
As someone who likes fitted shirts and has worked a lot on his upper body, is this still advice to be followed? I wanna show off my gains...
it can go either way really, depending on your preference and the outfit in mind. 
Duly noted.  Suggestions?
One size up nearly works with anything if you want it looser and a bit longer. Else you could try look into "void the brand" shirts. 
the same tee one size up and not a vneck
Curious why you prefer a crew neck? I'm updating my wardrobe and currently have more vnecks.
v-necks for tighter fits. Crew or scoop necks for looser fits. They generally look better with the drape because v-necks have a tendency to bunch up or fold over on an oversized fit.

i have a personal bias against v necks but theres nothing wrong with them inherently, however in this case with the outerwear i think it would look better with a crew neck
Nothing special. Hung around the house this weekend. This is a really old tshirt that's become a favorite to bum around in. It's frayed, worn, and overwashed, but that makes it better in my opinion..The shoes are Veblens. These were a steal at $80. Keep an eye on MYHABIT - they sell them at that price every so often.
tats complement the outfit nicely
i really like that!
Stravers-shoes.com
You might want to look through the kid's section.  Otherwise you will probably have to heavily tailor anything you purchase.
Peter Manning NYC
Looks promising. I'll have to take a look, thanks. 
Brooks Brothers Boys. Slimmer cuts, plus it's cheaper. Win Win.
Wow. Great job man.
Dat lighting
Looks like you started lifting too!
Awesome transformation. I just wanted to make you aware of the shoulders of your jacket. Right now they're border line too small. If you see your arms bulging out, then it's too small. I'd say you can get away with how they are currently though. 
Wow. When I saw this transformation, I smiled really wide. I am REALLY happy for you. Keep looking good, brotha
Looks awesome. I really like that vest!
This is really inspiring. Thanks for taking the time to share this!
Wow, congrats man, you definitely prove how much anyone can improve if they put some effort.
Which information sources would you recommend?
It's amazing you discovered that a suit looks better than a T-shirt. Fucking genius you are.
Oh man that is incredible. I'm about where you were when you started. I only recently joined the sub and I'm also working on losing weight. I hope I can go all transformer like you did! Congrats! 
First off congratulations on your transformation.  Your fashion has improved and you look way fitter. .While I think people here are correctly acknowledging the black dress shirt is usually a bad idea (and it is) I don't think that is the case in this particular fit at all.   I think given your skin tones/hair, that shirt matched with the grey suit and waistcoat it works well.  The key is, there is so little of the black showing its not distracting from the rest of the suit.   You . be proud of the fit, it is not easy to pull off a black dress shirt, and (at least in my opinion) you succeeded. .As far as room for improvement, look for a higher quality suit, improve the fit, and unbutton the bottom button of the jacket. 
Pretty god damn fantastic man. Nice job.
You could post this in . also. Congrats, OP!
So you went from taking bad pictures of yourself to getting a professionel to take them? Smart
Congrats, but what about everyday wear?  That's what really defines your style, imo.
Shit dude, this is inspiring! I'm just going into college and getting to the point where my parents aren't buying me clothes anymore. Developing my own sense of style is something I've had a little bit of a struggle with.
Dude way to go, really impressive. I'm feeling your hair style man, what exactly do you tell your barber/stylist to do when you get it cut?
Do you have any other albums to show different outfits you've been trying?
I would say the confidence and weight lost was a big part of this. Most people who come to this sub to find advice need to be told to loss some weight because no matter how you dress you still need to make the clothes look good.
excellent job. your suit jacket looks like it's from futurama though.
i need to start commenting more, so i'll start here.....from that first suit you had on to the last pic....kudos on how far you've come. you look very well put together!.ok, now that i've been nice.....that first suit?! hahahaha
Dont button the bottom button on a suit jacket.
NEVER EVER BUTTON THE LAST BUTTON OF YOUR SUIT! otherwise, i'm inspired. 
I wish I could grow a fucking beard.  PS, that suit looks great, how did you manage to put it together for less than $150?
Check it, check it, check it .Now this is just an introduction before .I blow your mind .The show is All of That and yes we do it all the time .So sit your booty on the floor or in a chair .Ground or in the air .Just don't go nowhere
Congrats on the transformation man, you give others hope.
Random question but the vest at the end, does it have a shiny back to it? Also I love the evolution of your style
Nicely done, major improvements. .The difference between the 1st and 3rd picture is astounding. 
Grats on gathering a single good outfit
black shirt and red tie.gross
Love the beard, and the haircut!
Damnit if this wasn't inspirational, I have nice clothes but only wear them when I need to.
Now I feel like a bum for wearing jeans and a t-shirt to work. Then again, I sit behind a computer all day..
Good. The beard is an awesome touch. 
Dude, seriously - good job.  It takes a lot to break out of the shell that many men struggle with; "is it too tight?"  No.  It is fitted.  There is a difference.  Trust me when I say, if you have a slim build, all slim fits should work well with your body.  And why?  Because there is a room full of people who meticulously altered those garments, even down to a 1/16th of an inch to make sure it looks good on you.  So bravo man.  Wear it proud.  And look damn fantastic in it.  Kudos man.
Where did you get the suit? I'm sending this to my bf he's fashioned challenged! 
I really like your photo album. The last picture is my favorite!
Everyone on this sub looks the same.
The difference between the 4th picture and the 5th and 6th ones is HUGE. Props man.
Nice evolution, my friend!
Where did you acquire the suit for $150? (if you don't mind me asking)
Nice! What's your work out routine like?
aka. I lost weight!
Up voted because of the weight loss! Keep it up man :)
The last picture...wearing a vest that's not part of a 3 piece suit. What are you, a waiter? Nice heavily filtered pictures, though.

I haven't subscribed to MFA as part of my normal set of subreddits ... until now..Damn, dude.  You've got so much style, you almost turned me gay.
You're a smokin' hottie in the last pics. :D
That first haircut was definitely the beginning of it all, you could actually see your face that was hiding underneath all that hair. Great transformation! Love that last pic - that should go in .!
[deleted]
Last picture is badass.
Lookin damn good sir! Your fashion transformation is really inspirational
Monkey Tuesday!
You just convinced me to sub here. 
looks too cartoon style for me...kinda artificial...best is the "last fall" picture, looks more natural
mfa taught you well...mfa taught you well.
That All That shirt is awesome!
swooning.
Hooooly shit. I just subscribed to this subreddit from seeing your post.
Holy fuck dude. Like seriously, holy fuck. Great change. Honestly, you literally look like a different person. Handsome! No homo.
GOT DAYUM SON, you're looking great now!
Lady here- I just came in to say that I LOVE your new look and I wish that more men would put effort into their appearance. Hell, I wish that more women would put more effort into their appearance. Job well done, sir.
You, sir, are very attractive. 
Horrible choise of shirt :-)
Great progress dude! As a former baggy jeans & oversized graphic print tee wearer myself, I've found advancing your look and wardrobe can help to take the edge off the whole "aging" thing..As for some of the people commenting - .... just a thought; perhaps some of you would care to give it a try?
Clothes are things you put on your body so you don't offend people with what you naturally look like. Why does fashion matter to you guys? Serious question, I am curious, don't downvote. Edit: Thanks for the answers
dammmn dude ...Well I'll start reading more and do less browsing. 
Man, from that first picture with Penn, I could tell that the last picture in the album was going to look good! Great evolution, man! Those last two pictures look like they're from a GQ shoot or something!
I'll take that Capcom shirt if you don't want it anymore. :U

Just a question, but how tall are you? Mind if I steal your haircut?
I like the hair in the last two....how do I get my barber to do this?
This guy went from looking like Penn to looking like an asian guy thats crazy!
Ho Lee Fuck man you look awesome! Care to share how did you start?
This is great inspiration. I could definitely use some advice and a makeover
Where the hell can I find a suit for 150?!?
Astounding improvement in just two years! Keep up the good work. :)
Thank you! Like I said, we can always improve.
Holy shit man. Great look, and amazing transformation. I'm really happy you made life style changes to make yourself look great!
Thank you! It's crazy what can happen in just a few months.
You look simply amazing my friend.
Good job dude.  You look amazing!
That's awesome! Keep doing what you do. .Also, I hope you didn't throw away that All That shirt. Because, you know, All That was the ..
WOW! Stunning change! i am also a guy that is just the plain shorts and sshirt guy. the ones you see at the beach looking like a tourist. YOU have made an impact on me... Love the last pic!
Strong work. A rather dashing progression. 
What's the name of that guy in the first picture? He looks so goddamn familiar. 
That's Penn Jillette of Penn & Teller. Great guy!
Honestly OP, I am so fucking happy for you. The confidence you get from proper fitting clothes is ridiculous. People used to tell me I developed a swagger in my walk when I wore a suit, but not with other clothes. Anyway, top job, but lighter shirts are always better. General rule is tie and suit always darker than shirt.
Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot for the advice and props. I'll definitely consider that when I go thrifting.
That last picture is awesome.
damn fine transformation
Looks like Enrique's watermark on the photos! I take it the cut is from Proper ha
I must say, those last couple of pictures look great.  Good on you for taking control and engaging in self-improvement in a healthy way.
You looks awesome! I have one question, did you give up wearing T-shirt? I myself want some change too but I can't imagine going everywhere in shirt.
dude where did you get that suit for $150!?
He got it from H&M.
man I go to H&M and I see blazers for like 80 bucks!? the rest must of been hella cheap?
I know this is twenty hours old but I figured I'd help you out, $80 for the jacket, $30 - 40 for the pants, maybe $20 for the shirt is right in the $150 range. Really if it's on sale I've seen suit jackets go to $60 at H&M (I picked up a black suit there) so yeah it's pretty cheap. 
You're looking fresh man, good work!
Wow! Looking good!
You look fuckin' great man! It's amazing what time and motivation can do to a person.
Awesome transformation. Lookin good.
 Constructive criticism: don't button the bottom button on a jacket. Generally don't wear a black dress shirt with a suit, it doesn't on too bad on you though, and look at getting the shoulders of your jacket tailored to fit a little better. A break on one side of the corner isn't bad, but when it happens on both sides it probably means you're jackets shoulders are too wide.
Man, while I was looking the pics you post, I thought, what is absent on me and preventing that achievement from me. I think it is the determination. 
Your change is really admirable, good job!
You just need to find a legitimate reason to do what you do. If you do that, you'll never run out of determination.
Thank you.
Subscribe and lurk. 
Wow. Seriously, that's amazing. Fantastic, really. Massive credit, it isn't as easy as you make it sound here!
Oh man, you look so freaking amazing. I would love to wear that kind of stuff around on a daily basis, but I always fall back onto what's easy and familiar. Stylish Blue Jeans with Affliction T-Shirts. .Every time I look into.. I don't even know what that is? Contemporary? No clue. But every time, I never find anything that I like or think would look good. .Fashion is irritating. I just want to be handsome. Though, I guess I should start with losing weight... lol yeah, might want to start there. :/

Feel free to peruse the sidebar and check in with some of our regular threads to see if there's anything you like. I'm sure we can be of help, if you'd like it.
Your last pic makes you look boss! Awesome job man!
That All That T-shirt is probably priceless now...
Your entire outfit was < $150? What did you buy? Looks great and like an actual suit but I could see it also being a blazer + jeans with a vest for some reason (high contrast makes it hard to tell), which would explain the $150.
ok, so how is all that only 150 bucks?
H&M is pretty damn cheap. Poor quality, but fit is decent and it's cheap.
Good job!
Inspiring!
oh come on.the All That shirt is fire
It definitely was. I wish I could find that shirt again.
Wow, great change, it's a new you
good job..
I can never understand some posts here. In second photo where you are wearing a suit, where do you buy those suits? I mean isn't there someone taking care of you while you try suits? How are you buying a suit that's two size bigger than what it should be?
Who "takes care of you" when buying suits? At budget shops (e.g. H&M) you're left to your own devices. In other places the sale-staff have painfully little understanding of suit fit and are mostly trying to push through a sale. If a particular cut/brand doesn't work for the customer the sales person is not going to consider that nor recommend they look elsewhere. If they're out of a correct size they'll convince you that the size up fits just fine..The customer has no concept of how it should fit, their wife probably has an opinion but no real understanding and the salesperson usually doesn't care..Look around you next time you're in town and pay attention to how people's suits fit - the majority will be atrocious. 
So I guess its about location. I live in Turkey and we have sales persons working in shops that you buy suits. It could be a $50 suit but still there's a person that can and will tell you that it doesn't fit you. I know what size I wear which drop I should get but even if I didn't the sales person helps here. 
What style of hair cut did you ask,I have been getting the same haircut for about 2/3 of my life and I really like this haircut style in your last picture.
Take the photo to your barber and ask for them to aim for the same. Much less confusing than trying to describe hair cuts with words.
I will, I just felt strange of taking a photo and asking like "this", but I guess being uncomfortable for a few min will be worth it in the end.
It'll make their life easier too, no shame in that
Well done, you look great.
I would like to know where you got that suit. It looks great!
H&M but any suit can fit like that with a tailor.
Hopefully better than that, it's not a good well fitting suit
Yeah midsection is grossly too tight and I'm not sure if the lapel Bowing is from stance or being too big in the chest, sleeves could be brought down a touch, and the bottom button.  As a European do you have a more conservative taste in suits and menswear then?
It's not quite correct to think of suit fit as a linear axis from slim/trendy <----> relaxed/conservative. Rather, allow cultural tastes to inform. The conservative cuts in Britain (i.e. the ones resolutely maintained by Savile Row houses) feature strong shoulders, relaxed drape down to the waist which is strongly cinched and then a long jacket tail and trousers with a bit of taper. The overall result is a pretty sleek inverted triangle shape..Compare this to a conservative American cut and we're talking sack suits - big padded shoulders, big chest, no darts and little taper. Very blocky. Straight trousers..My personal preferences for suits are more along the lines of the British cuts having experimented with suits designed in a tighter, more Italian style (which I also enjoy). I prefer high rise trousers, longer jackets and big lapels on a sleek frame with tight waist suppression. .Slim suits are not easy to cut well though as H&Ms offerings show.
Interesting I knew at one in time British, American, and Italians had their cuts, but didn't realize that those distinctions still were around today.  I always thought it was the Italians that emphasized the inverted triangle and padded shoulder pads and the British didn't really put a lot of input in padding either way.  What makes an Italian suit?
Depends on the particular region and house (Neapolitan tailoring is very different from Roman, for example). Generally Neapolitan tailoring (the more recognisable) shape is very relaxed with unstructured "shirt shoulders", big soft lapels (with high gorges, particularly prominent in Naples) and a high, tight collar - . - "the collar of a Neapolitan jacket feels like the arm of a friend around the neck". The armholes are high and sleeves tight, the body long and elegant and the waistline (buttoning stance and point of taper) very high by comparison to British/American standards.
Where's you pick up that jacket and vest combo for $150? Pretty good deal, I'm used to seeing a decent vest for over $100.
Was hoping you were Penn at first, changed my mind when I saw how damn sharp that suit looked.
Looking good, man..Don't forget to unbutton the bottom button on the jacket.
You look great, good for you!!
I get a high and tight. Your barber should know what that is. It's more or less a type of military cut, but I ask for a hard part for the style. Hope this helps!
It doesn't fit me anymore. What size are you? If I can find it, it's yours.
Aw, I was just kidding around man. Thanks though, that's pretty awesome of you. And you must have good taste in games. :]
Haha no worries man. I used to live for Street Fighter. I just don't have the time anymore. 
H&M. Shitty quality and materials, won't last you very long at all, but they've got a nice slim fit, so in a  pinch they're one of the better budget options. However, suits are definitely usually considered more of an investment piece, if you save up and buy nice one it could last you a very long time. J.Crew's Ludlow suits are frequently recommended as are Suitsupply's, they're definitely a bit more expensive, but not terribly outrageous. 
May I suggest that you read something? I've written . that is featured on this subreddit's sidebar. It's kind of long so don't bother reading it all. But the section called "The importance of context and creating an image" is, I think, very relevant to this discussion. It adresses the question of why people care about fashion and how to do it in a way that works for you. It's just my opinion though, you're free to disagree.
I'm 5'11". And absolutely! Just ask your barber for a high and tight. Then ask them to part it, and you're gold!
We have similar looking faces so I figure it might look good on me. Thanks!
Absolutely. You'll never know if you don't try. 
Haha thanks for the words. I definitely appreciate it. With everything, you just take it with a grain of salt. But like I said, there are some good points here, but in the end you just gotta go with what you like since you're the one wearing it.
Ooh ahh ahh!
Welcome aboard. Watch the weekly threads, they help a lot.
For me, it was the fact that I lost about 80 pounds and I've always liked clothes, but couldn't wear exactly what I wanted because I was fatter. But now, I lost some weight I get to wear some of the clothes I've always wanted. I can't speak for the others on the sub though.
That must be a great feeling for you, congratulations on the weight loss!
Thanks a million! It really is, and has motivated me to become a personal trainer so I can help out as many people as possible.

Why thank you. I definitely appreciate it.
That's what I wanted to accomplish. Thanks for the kind words.
Fashion matters, because it can be used as a medium to convey thoughts and feelings to others, kinda like art, except your body is the canvas and the your clothes are the colors.  Its also pretty fun accentuating the things you like about your body and hiding things you hate.  Finally messing with proportions and your own body to create interesting/cool outfits.

Well done, sir. You look great!
I'm so proud of you :')
I got the jacket, waistcoat and pants from H&M as a last minute substitute for my budget. I think it came out to like $111.
Wow. What a difference! 
People are being pretty critical, which is to be expected. I think you look great though- not only the fashion transition but you've come a long way physically as well. I do think some of the colors are a bit over the top, but I can tell you're confident with yourself so fuck it, have some fun.
Excellent transformation!
For Weight Loss and What To Eat: urbanprimalist.com
For Clothes: r/malefashionadvice
Weight loss is really dependent on the person but a start is a start.
Remarkable change, I love your vest look in the last picture. 
Sploosh, or the male equivalent.. which I guess is sploosh just with semen.  You look incredible in the last few photos, I love wearing suits but I feel like I need to lose a fee more pounds to make them fit how I would like
Haha, I think somebody is cross posting a picture in ladyboners. Maybe it'll be the pajama suit picture!
Thank you! It's the only time I get to look tough.
Idk man that "All That" shirt was pretty sweet. I hope you still kept it. .Haha but great job! Just a little tip. Never button bottom button on suit and even vest. Otherwise you nailed it. Props for everything and sweet beard. 
Thank you so much. I knew I was going to get a lot of flak for it, but if you don't take risks, then what's the point of even being on here? And do you know of a place where I can get a better quality suit for a still semi-reasonable price?
My advice if you're under 400-500 in budget is to go thrift shopping.  .Suits are among the best things you can buy second hand as people tend to buy quality for suits and then wear them sparingly.  Look for a single breasted two button suit that fits you in the shoulders.  100% wool.  To try and gauge fabric quality, move it around in the light and try to find one that isn't shiny.  You can also crumple up the wool in your fist, then release--a quality fabric will spring back to form without wrinkles.  Then throw 100 bucks at the best tailor you can find  to make it sing.  .When you're ready to invest in a new suit, go with something like Suit Supply, Brooks Brothers, J. Crew (I love my new Ludlow), Jack Victor, etc.   Those will run about 400-800 pre tailoring depending what you get.  
Okay, thank you so much. This definitely helps a lot. I can't wait to check out the stores and see what they have.
Wow you look fantastic! Good job!
what is your shirt made out of and why? 
Both are just normal cotton tees.
thin polyester/cotton blend. Because it's cheap.
That is great bud, Congrats..Question, How has your personality changed along?
Subscribe and you'll have your dude friend looking like a champ in no time ;)
Don't think for a second that dressing up is the same as dressing well. Jeans a t-shirt can look great - sometimes even better than OP whose outfit, while an improvement, still isn't ideal..Check out . for June for more fits like these: 
Point taken.
Looks like I just need to style up my jeans/tshirt combos.
jeans and a tee can look cool if they fit.

Thanks a million! I really appreciate it.
 I'm really amazed at your evolution. I should probably do one as well now that you've done one. You're an inspiration man. For your first suit attempt, I'd have given you a C-. Definitely a good improvement to your last picture. Good job man! We here at MFA root for you! 
Dayum! Looking good bro. 
Nice. Congratulations.Is Penn Jillett as awesome in person as he seems on media? 
Absolutely! He is one of the most down to Earth people I know. He stayed about 2 hours after his panel to take pictures and sign stuff for people.
So awesome to hear that. .Ive been a fan for a while and only more so these days. Listening to Penns sunday school podcast and watching him on Celeb Apprentice allstars he just seems like an awesome person. .And again, congratulations. Looking good man. 
Absolutely agree. 
To lose the initial weight, I did all body weight exercises. (pushups, pullups, etc.) Then I started lifting free weights. Stay away from machines! Squats, bench, and deadlift are your best friends.
what makes you say stay away from machines?
A lot of the machines aren't natural movements and they balance out the weight for you, so some of your muscles aren't actually getting the work they need. Squats, Bench, and Dead Lift are compound lifts that work multiple muscle groups. They also improve strength at a lot faster rate than machines for these reasons.
I see, thanks for the info!

Right? When I first got that suit, I thought I was a boss. Walmart's best! Then I got humbled as hell. It makes me think where I will be a couple months from now.
Thanks for the comment. And yeah, it does. From the comments I've read, it speaks to the quality or lack thereof. But it definitely did the job. Thanks again!
Could you expand a little more on that? I'm guessing with a shiny back that means quality I'm going to assume? 
Not for the waistcoats, it's just the style. The back is made of satin which is always shiny. The satin can be of high or low quality.
I'm hoping somebody else chimes in on this. Because from what I've gauged from the comments, you want a suit that doesn't "shine" as a cheaper suit reflects in the light. I'm guessing the same goes for the waist coat?
Okay, thanks for clearing that up!
800% improvement. I went the same way, lost a ton of weight, now getting into style - not as far yet..But I can't take decent photos to save my life, unlike you. Hate the camera and it hates me right back. 

Booker catch!
That first suit picture...  .I don't think a suit has ever been worn worse in the history of suits.  .I don't really have anything more to say. You've clearly resolved that problem now and look pretty good.
How expensive was the evolution?
Malefashinonadvie + frugalmaledashion = not expensive
I put it together mainly from H&M. I couldn't believe that had what I needed there. He should find some good things at thrift stores for sure though!
It's obvious that you came to appreciate the value in properly tailoring.  This is almost always evident in sleeve length.
I highly doubt he had a last minute suit jacket and shirt from H&M tailored. 
The suit doesn't fit him well and probably hasn't been tailored. H&M just offer slim cuts cheaply.

I am also interested in this. Love this style if cut but don't know it's name. 
Fuck yeah OP. Respect.
Thank you! I love the place I go. They give shots or a PBR while you're getting cut.
Where the hell is this barber?? I just cut my hair two days ago but hey I could always use another..
Seriously, the haircut is great. How do you style it?
If you're in Colorado, it's called Proper Barbershop. They do amazing work there. 
I use Suavecito Pomade. Absolutely amazing product. Great hold, fresh scent. Make sure the hair is dry, make the part without the product, then put the product in to keep it in place. Then I take a den man brush on my bangs and take them straight back to give that pop look. I hope that helps !
That does! Thank you! I think I've been using the wrong product. Thanks again! 
No problem! Good luck and let me know if the change of product helps.
Will do! Thank you! 
You're my hero.
Just a wild and random guess: Are you from the Sacramento Area? I only ask this because of your recommendation of Suavecito. My barber here exclusively offers that brand.
No, I'm from Colorado. It's a great pomade, and your barber knows what he's talking about. Do you use it?
One of the best ways to get into fashion is simply look into upgrading what you currently wear, allows you to remain comfortable but can also improve your confidence and knowledge. In your case that'd likely be dropping the Affliction tees for either plainer and better fitting ones, maybe even tasteful graphic tees . for example, and the blue jeans for a nice dark wash in a good fit. The sidebar has numerous guides that should help you with the fit of clothes, fit is key, so that's how you'd unlock the door. If you're considering weight loss I wouldn't spend too much though, no sense in spending a lot if you plan on looking significantly different soon! . is always a common recommendation for that sort of thing in case you've not seen it. But really it's not so hard to get to a decent level style wise, might seem intimidating at first, but there's a lot of resources out there to help!
That last picture is boss as fuck. Man boner for sure.
Haha just my tribute to Manny Pacquiao. 
The best place to start after subscribing is to read through the sidebar as intensively as possible, particularly the getting started section, the more specialized guides are obviously better left for later. The sidebar has great guides for how clothes should fit, basic combinations, seasonal wear, etc. It's a very valuable resource. Aside from that, the best thing to do is to read through the recurring threads, particularly Outfit Check and Feedback, Simple Questions, and WAYWT. OCF is great because you can both post fits and receive advice and also simply learn by seeing other peoples fits and the critique they receive. WAYWT is more advanced and has a friendly competition atmosphere, not recommended to post in for beginners really, but it can serve as great inspiration. Simple Questions is exactly what it sounds like and very useful for that reason, even if you don't have a question just reading through the questions and answers is a great way to learn. The sidebar has a schedule for when they're posted, but there's at least one recurring thread a day. Just listening and learning is really the best way to dip your toes into fashion. Best of luck, hope to see you around! 
This. It's how I started.
Thanks for the help, it's a lot to take in! Like... there are different ways to tie a tie? Whaaaaat! The crazy thing is, I was just thinking the other day about how I'm tired of wearing a t-shirt and jeans all the time, I'm an adult, dammit! I would like to look like one! I had no idea where to turn to learn a new way, and here comes Reddit AGAIN with an answer. I swear, this site is like my secret weapon against life! R/fitness is getting me into the best shape of my life, and I'm pretty sure this is where I'm going to learn some style! Thanks again!
No problem! Fashion can be a pretty crazy and complex world, try not to get too overwhelmed haha. My advice is to not spend a lot at once on new clothes, anyone new to fashion is bound to make some mistakes, so best to take it slow and lurk and learn. If you're losing or gaining weight any new purchases might wanna wait until after you've hit your goal, since fit is the absolute king of fashion, not a lotta point in spending too much money on stuff that won't look as good soon. With good fit even tees and jeans can really look awesome! Starting by improving what you already wear is usually the best way to go, better to ease into stuff instead of changing everything overnight, ya know? Reading and learning from the recurring threads, the sidebars guides and other resources such as Put This On (really excellent site, highly recommended) is definitely the best bet. Best of luck man, hope to see you around and never worry about asking questions man!
 . . . . .?
Saving soundclip for last, nice haha. Those all from today right? The Best of WAYWT's are a good link to dissuade people from that notion. 
lol I love that last fit, except the shoes, (that reminds me I should prolly figure out what direction I want to go for style now that I have the basics all down) yeah they are all from today's WAYWT. I totally forgot about them and will do that next time!
Dressing right is only half of the equation. Feeling great is all that matters. When you feel and look great, anything you wear will start to look good on you. Good luck.
results may vary
The comments in this thread are pretty funny. The progress is amazing, but like Mark Zuckerberg said, fashion is never finished. You've come quite the distance, and it looks great! Keep up the good work!
Absolutely. I'm always on the quest for improvement. 
Good work man. I still respect the All That tee from the first pic though haha.
I have to keep my 90's roots somehow. Now if only I can find it in a proper fit...
the suit jacket has some weird stuff going on in the 5th picture. there's a dent at the suit jacket shoulder, which usually means your real shoulder acromion is not lined up with the seam, or that the armholes are so low it causes the jacket to pull like that. the latter is usually due to cheap suits (which i think maybe the issue since you stated <$150), the former means the jacket shoulders were not sized properly..grats on the progress too though, keep it up. it'd be interesting to see how your style progresses as your tastes change too
Yeah, when I save up I'll be getting a lot better quality jacket. I was under a time and budget crunch.
totally understandable. i was just pointing out some things to look for when you do decide to invest in a new suit
Can I ask where you got the jacket? It looks like H&M, maybe $60-$70 for the jacket. Also you're taking the advice very well, not everyone has the money to spend on awesome suits. You're working toward it and that's what counts. As someone who doesn't frequent MFA or know all the little things, this look still looks cool to me and you appear happy and comfortable.
Why thank you. I actually got the jacket at H&M. I had to look through the whole mall to find a jacket in my price range that looked decent. 
I thought so! People are giving great advice on how a suit should fit, but H&M jackets are made exactly for what you bought it for. People who want something inexpensive, decent quality, slim-cut, and quick. It's obviously not tailored or the price would jump way up, and it's not a boxy American-style jacket from Macy's. H&M does make more expensive jackets out of wool, but I'm not sure how tailor-able they are (you'd have to visit a tailor and ask, I'm sure they've seen H&M jackets before), and not every H&M has the full suiting department. Anyway, they're good for the price, and where else were you gonna go in the mall? I think you made a good decision and now you know what to look for in the future, like having the shoulder pads adjusted, and knowing what buttons to unbutton. Everyone has to start somewhere. 
J Crew, Macy's, The Men's Warehouse, Express, and The Gap had suits that I tried on. All of them were out of my price range, unfortunately, or didn't have the right fit I was looking for. I was lucky the H&M I went to had the full suiting department. Just not the pants I wanted. haha
cool, you lost some weight and bought a cheap looking suit that doesnt fight properly. 
Amazing. Not your so-so transformation, but how many upvotes your so-so transformation has received.
Yeah, this got upvoted quickly, it's the type of thing that tends to appeal to lurkers and skyrockets once it gets within .'s view. OP seems to be a nice guy and willing to learn and he's clearly made strides, from an outfit everyone would think is awful to one the average person laps up despite it's many flaws, so he deserves credit for putting himself out there I guess. But needless praise doesn't really help anyone and I wish people would consider just what they're posting and whether it actually adds anything to the discussion and is helpful.
Let's say you saw me sitting alone at Starbucks. You notice the follwing things: .All of these visual cues imply certain things about my personality. Maybe you think I'm a cool guy that you'd get along with. Or maybe you think I'm a dork that isn't worth talking to. Who knows? .Notice that I didn't mention a single thing about clothes yet. Think of how your perceptions might change if I were wearing a shiny suit like OP. Or perhaps a casual hoodie and jeans. Maybe a graphic tee from ThinkGeek?.Fashion matters because it's one of the many visual cues that other people use to evaluate you. It's entirely within your control, so why not control it?.Edit: grammar
comment of the week i think
I do need to train my suit to fight a lot better. He's been getting his ass kicked by all the expensive suits.
sorry your suit is so fucking shiny i was temporarily blinded and made a slight typo 
Wow, what a wanker.
im right tho
do you realize you're on an . sub? this isn't r/malefashionpatontheback.
[deleted]
He explicitly has said he was looking for advice and was grateful for other peoples pointers and when I pointed him in the direction of the Weekly Threads. I don't really see any elitism or pretension in this post much, just a lot of people giving pat backs and another sizable portion giving solid advice in an advice subreddit. 

if he isn't asking for advice or giving it why did he bother posting it
[deleted]
so rather than post in general discussion where it's just a general chat type thing, he felt it necessary to make a separate post?.he would get better love from the people who actually . mfa rather than the 100s of comments from 
I think it's kind of the default in here that if you post, you're looking for feedback in some way or another - his attitude in other comments reflects that..I also really don't see someone saying "don't button the bottom button" or "black dress shirts look bad" as pretentious or elitist, so

The advice given helps. And I'm not trying to come off as elitist pretentious. Just another guy looking for help and giving a little inspiration.
Looking good! Just remember to unbutton the last button and look into a different shirt and tie.
Would you still do a solid color tie?
The general rule is the tie should be darker than the shirt. 
What about when you're wearing a dark shirt?

The haircut was an incredibly significant change. Having well-groomed hair makes such a difference! I've seen a few men that can pull off long hair, but I feel like most men do better with a short, tidy haircut and facial hair that frames their face instead of hiding it. Congrats on your wonderful transformation!
Thank you! It's surprising how far a good haircut can go. 
Hey, about that hair... before you put the product in, how do you get the part? Do you brush? Comb?
I brush. And I actually initially part it with my hands. Then I clean it up with the brush. And then product.
On the topic of hair.  I'd say you should crop your facial hair a bit closer.  That way it will make your jaw line and chin more defined, giving it that masculine angular look.  .Right now it rounds out your chin and jawline, which does not tend to flatter for any man.  Compared to pic 4, that beard adds pounds to your face.  That and a closer trim will make it look like you put a bit of effort into your beard (I imagine you do take care of it but long facial hair works against that notion in general) but don't fuss over it. .Hope the suggestion helps.  I do admit a bias against heavier facial hair but it's all in the name maximizing the appearance of one's facial structure.
Warning! Too short a beard cut can cause sandpaper effect to women's more tender areas. I keep mine a little longer on wife's advice.
Thanks! I usually do a "high and tight" style because I'm in the military, but I've been looking at ways to make it more stylish; usually I just let it sit there as is, but it would be nice to be able to dress it up once in a while.
Fashion evolution 2:.Stop wearing a black dress shirt.  Awful..Unbutton 2nd button on jacket..Ditch the shiny fabric - it looks tacky.
Just the next step on things to think about. thanks
Is this going to become a thing again? At least Veroz did it in a self post where he posted more information which seems to have sparked these "evolution" posts again. 
OP gets an ego boost from the karma and comments, and the . gets an ego boost because they "helped." .It's a circle jerk..At least when it's a self post it doesn't feel like karma whoring.
what is up with all these bullshit "evolution" threads.why do people care
That's creationist talk!   Style is an evolution.  It doesn't happen overnight
'hey guys i bought a cardigan my life is so much better'

and they're always like one step out of twenty in the right direction 
I don't know, but you cared enough to comment. So thanks for looking at least!
im not upset with u for making this post.im confused as to why its the top post on this subreddit. its not constructive, it's not cool for any reason, i am just "meh" on the whole thing. especially considering this is like the 5th one to be a top post
Well I made it to inspire someone. Isn't this what this subreddit is about? Improving the fashion of men based on their likes and styles? Even if this got shit on and wasn't top post, if one person got inspired, then I did what I wanted.
um ok ur a lil full of urself.what u have accomplished is nothing special im sry its just the truth
The special part is not necessarily the final product but more what he started at.
Haha says the guy who is still commenting on a "bullshit" thread? Have a good day dude.
why r u taking this so personally? pls dont catch feelings when someone isnt patting u on the back for learning to dress like a grownup 
pls
these are so hard to read because people always pose them as "here i am king of the world" (see this dude thinking he's a huge inspiration). That's frustrating and so lacking of self awareness and humility that it could only happen on mfa
Ramdom, I love you, by the way.
i love you too, dwindles
That's why you generally don't want to wear a darker shirt with a tie. 
Clothes and fashion are how I express myself visually (and often without saying anything). I agree that clothes are functional but I appreciate the ability to be able to wear something that's functional as well as aesthetically pleasing. .Dressing well is extremely important socially. It's an important tool to convey who you are, what you like to do, where you live/go to school/go to work/go to have fun and why you do what you do. Most importantly, the ability to know what to wear in certain contexts will prove that you also know how to act appropriately. .Examples: .Regardless of what you think clothes should or should not do, they shape how everyone perceives you. .Even if you decide that fashion isn't for you and that function > form 100% of the timethat will come across in the clothing that you decide to wear.

Now I may be wrong here, but this seems like an example of dressing up does not equal dressing better. You bought a suit that fits ok-ish but is of questionable quality, and are doing some iffy color combos with the shirt/tie and then took some nice pictures. But I'm assuming you don't wear a suit every day. Do you have any casual outfits you've developed since starting MFA? Those might give a broader impression of how far you've come. 
Also, as with almost every single one of these "transformations".. the 30 lbs of wight lost makes much more of a difference than a new wardrobe.  
You are definitely not wrong here! I actually think the suit in the second picture is a better, simpler style, just obviously not the best fit.
I'm glad you said it; what good does it do us to see him dressed in casual clothes in the past with nothing to compare to now? The old suit vs new suit comparison is nice, but everything else is just filler.
You're one-hundred percent in the right here; OP's outfit has numerous basic mistakes and isn't terribly great, but it's still an improvement over his earlier fits and he has a good attitude and is willing to learn. And yeah, it went straight to . and there's a lot of mostly baseless praise going around. Hopefully he mostly listens to the good amount of solid advice being given and is able to filter out the praise from people actually trying to offer helpful critique, judging from his responses to me I'd say he should be fine and to grow quite a bit more. 

one of the arguments for self-post only is that it's super easy for the userbase here to be blinded by good photography. perfect example. of . dark, brooding professional photoshoots will look better than a grainy crop with no white balance.
This post should be argument enough to back to self-only.
Yeah, if I saw him walking down the street in the current outfit I doubt I would be struck by his clothes at all. It's the photo shoot that's helping out this post and its what is going to send this one straight to . 
same reason everyone jizzes over stayclassic or random tumblr shots of dudes wearin shit in the street. not-shit photography makes things look better, but it also makes them look decidedly unrealistic because everything can be manipulated..not to devalue this dude's transformation, because it's easy to tell that he's come a long way, but there's definitely a ton of room to grow (suit actually DOESN'T fit terribly well and leaves a lot to be desired) but from here on out everyone should make sure their before-and-after pictures are somewhat similar/don't begin on facebook and end in a studio with professional lighting. the great thing about veroz's was that a huge chunk of his photography was nearly exactly the same, which . lent itself to being analyzed and learned from.
but PHOTOGRAPHY!!!!!
Grats... much better!  Of course as you've admitted you still have some improvements you can make..People are going to rag on you for the waistcoat (edit: waistcoat without the jacket) and the black shirt.  Are they sub-optimal?  Yes.  Will you look sharp to 99% of the population who don't know any better?  Yep.  Also, I think the black shirt works for your skintone.  I think you can do a lot better, but that's not to say it doesn't work.  What's your nationality/ancestry?.Also, I'm curious: what pants are you wearing with the suit jacket?  They look like jeans or something (I'm basing this on the stitching of the fly/pockets.. it's clearly a casual stitch and not one of dress slacks).  

What is so wrong about waistcoat? They look pretty good especially on fit men with V-shaped corpus.
I just wrote this to the OP:.Grey area. Some people will say yes, and some will say no. It depends on a lot of things, foremost being the context in which you'll wear it. One thing that most people will agree upon, however, is that it's extremely hard to pull off properly..Here on MFA we generally give advice to not wear vests without jackets. Obviously anyone can point to trend-setters like Justin Timberlake or Usher and say "oh but this guy wears it!". Like I said, it's a grey area and it's hard to really convince people that it's wrong when so many people find it appealing and attractive (note: it's becoming less popular... it was mega popular 2-5 years ago).. there have been many discussions about vests on this forum.  Others can give much better reasoning for the consensus than I.
Basic question as I'm pretty much a newcomer here, but why is the black shirt a bad move here?
It has to do with making sure the shirt/jacket/tie ensemble works together. Usually, you want the the shirt to be the lightest element, the jacket to be the darkest, and the tie to sit somewhere between the two. Having a dark shirt and light tie is the inverse of what everyone is used to seeing, so it's pretty jarring, and comes off as immature or overly trendy. IMO, there's a reason the light-shirt-dark-jacket-middle-tie formula has stuck around so long: it works. 
There's all sorts of debates about dark colored dress shirts where the reasons have to do with the color black itself and how it's viewed/perceived.  The bottom line is that it's really hard to make black look good, and that's why we reserve black for official/somber occasions such as funerals and black tie events..If you want my personal opinion, black shirts should only worn by waitstaff.
Thank you! I'm actually half filipino. And I'm wearing casual grey pants. They didn't have the actual dress pants I wanted to in my size, but it wasn't a big deal since the shot was more waist up. I'm a big fan of purple and how it looks on me, so I may play with that possibility next time.
Purple shirts are awesome!! I wear them all the time and I'm white =] also got a nice selecton of puprle ties..Your tieknot looks crooked though or am I bad sighted.
The tieknot is automatically crooked. I did my best to straighten it out, but it's tough to get it perfect.
Ah, I see.  I totally understand the constraints of a budget man, but one of the most persistent and non-breakable rules in fashion is not wearing a suit coat with casual pants.  There are blazers and sportcoats that are able to be worn with casual pants, but suit coats are off limits.
As someone who is totally clueless, what is the difference between a sportcoat/blazer and a suit coat?
A "blazer" is commonly used as a term to mean any informal jacket which has lapels and is worn with casual clothing.  It's the most commonly used term..A sportcoat is pretty much just a blazer but can be a little more casual-looking.  I think technically there might be some other minute differences but it's not worth knowing..A suit coat is literally the top half of a suit, and should never be worn without the bottom half.  The main reason is that suits are made of fabric that is fine and formal, and is tailored in a more precise and neat manner.  It does not pair well with an unmatched other-half.  Another reason is that the top/bottom can fade differently if worn at different rates.  

Okay, can you do a vest with casual pants like in my last picture?
I say yes, depending on the pants....I don't mind people wearing suit jackets with casual pants either depending on the suit jacket, some can be worn just like a blazer..To be honest the prime thing you should care about: do you think it looks good and do you feel comfortable?
Grey area.  Some people will say yes, and some will say no.  It depends on a lot of things, foremost being the context in which you'll wear it.  One thing that most people will agree upon, however, is that it's extremely hard to pull off properly.  .Here on MFA we generally give advice to not wear vests without jackets.  Obviously anyone can point to trend-setters like Justin Timberlake or Usher and say ..  Like I said, it's a grey area and it's hard to really convince people that it's wrong when so many people find it appealing and attractive (note: it's becoming less popular... it was mega popular 2-5 years ago).
Thanks a million man. Your advice and a few other redditors have really helped me out in this. I have a few things to definitely work on now for future fits.
Go get 'em bud.  I saw Mippipopolous or whatever has already brought to your attention the recurring Fit Check threads... good luck man.
That's very Filipino of you to like purple.
Haha dammit!!! Is it really? That's the first I've heard of that.
It's a Laker color.
Yeah I'm a little over half Filipino and the stereotype is to like extravagant colors like purple and bright green. Filipinos tend to like to stand out. 
I'm full Filipino and I've never heard this "stereotype". Is it regionally based?
It could be regional. It applies to California and Hawai'i at least. 
All I have to say is 
Haha, absolutely. At least I haven't hopped on the jersey and backwards cap stereotype. haha
grats on progress but keep reading pal
Those colors can work with OP's skin tone

because he's Latino? no still looks lousy.edit: lousy is a bit harsh. color scheme still looks bad
Not Latino. Sorry dude

I like it
do you like the colors or the photography? consider that
Stop liking things that I don't like
That is basically the definition of fashion.

I actually think he pulls it off quite nicely.  Rules are never hard and fast. 
do you like the colors or the photography? consider that
No, he really doesn't and jumping onto needlessly praise people is not helpful advice. He has the right attitude and knows he's come along way, but with a long way to go yet still. Like common_sense said, those are some pretty high school prom like mistakes, so he deserves to be told and given real advice so he can continue growing stylistically. 

Thank you. Like I've been saying. I'm always willing to learn and grow and the advice I've gotten definitely helps.
It's cool, you've definitely improved a lot and kudos for sharing and taking part in the community. You should definitely consider posting to Outfit Check and Feedback threads to get some good advice in the future, aside from the "OMG you look so great!!!" type of hyperbole that tends to happen when threads get heavily upvoted, I think it'd definitely prove helpful to you moving forward. Best of luck man!.: Just realized this thread's hit ., so you're gonna be getting . of iffy advice and praise. Like many have said, props for the progress and hope you keep at it and stick around! 
Thanks a lot. I definitely appreciate it. How does outfit check compare to MFA?
The outfit checks are just recurring threads here in MFA where people can post their outfits to get good and solid critique. Usually that's where members who've been around awhile go to give out advice instead of in individual threads, so the quality of the advice is usually gonna be a bit better than in an individual thread, which, like this one, has the potential to hit . and have a lot of questionable advice given. Outfit check, Simple Questions, and other recurring threads are hands down the best place to learn and grow in MFA.
Perfect. I'm definitely doing that for my next post. 
Awesome! You'll definitely get some good pointers on outfits and stuff. The Simple Questions threads are also very good if you simply are just wondering about maybe where to get a certain item, some rule that you've heard but are vague on, stuff like that. Even if you don't have any questions or fits to post I can't recommend browsing them enough, just by reading other peoples questions and seeing the responses and the advice their fits get you'll learn a ton in no time. 
Oh absolutely. I really studied on suit fits as you can see from my first suit picture and my last one. I neglected the color thing just because I really wanted something that fit. So I'll be focusing on color schemes and the like next and will definitely be consulting your pointers for good advice. Thanks again Count, and hope to talk more often.

I'm never done. This is just to show progress. 
Everybody trying the fashion waters makes the style mistakes early on, no big deal. .Gods, I remember i almost went to a Christmas Ball with a black shirt under a black suit with a red tie.....
this is a great attitude..you've come a long way, but there's always plenty to learn..i saw someone already pointed out the buttoned bottom button and the fabric of the suit and color of dress shirt..continue reading and contributing. it's nice to see someone try and care, with an open mind for criticism..and CONGRATS ON THE WEIGHT LOSS! it's a huge help when dressing well.
Thanks a million! And I agree 100% on everything you said. Always gotta be willing to learn and even more willing to fail.
in that case the black/grey/red looks really high school-going-to-homecoming. just because photography is better doesnt make it a good color scheme. .fit is way better though
For sure. See this is why I posted.
You made some great strides, esp. with regard to how your clothes should fit. Points for improvement:
I dunno man  I have a brooks suit that looks a bit shiny at times,  how does one prevent that? 
Don't buy polyester/viscose suits..Unfortunately, usually the only way to avoid it is to bump up in price. Get a wool suit. Suit supply, indochino, thick as thieves are all good, reasonably priced online options. I have a thick as thieves suit and the quality is amazing (+hand stitching).
I mean it's a brooks brothers suit,  it is their brookscool line because I live in NOLA and it's hot as shit. 
Which is fine. I actually think it looks pretty good, I'm just answering the question of how one gets a less shiny suit.
Came here for the critique of the shirt. I was always raised to understand that a black shirt is pretty much never acceptable. I would disagree with the shininess of the suit; I think it looks alright. Also, I personally would ditch the 3-piece suit entirely. This outfit would look amazing with the grey suit and a blue striped shirt underneath. 
Thank you! This is the kind of critique that helps me out. The suit was tough to find on my budget. 
I actually think the shininess and color works if you are wearing the suit out at night. MFA never considers context when giving advice. One suit is not perfect for all occasions. 
What is that haircut called?
Charity/ Second Hand/ Thrift Store/ Whatever it is called in your area..You can pick up real quality there for next to nothing, and get it adjusted for a fraction of what a new suit would cost. 
Yeah my husband and I are broke as shit but we did this. One of the most expensive things to change is the shoulders so if you can find a jacket that fits there a tailor can fix everything else for pretty cheap. We actually found a classic black Armani suit from Saks for $10 at a Goodwill. It needed tailoring, but it was a great find.
In the last two pictures: Is it a suit, or separates? The pants look like jeans based on the scooped front pocket. 
Seperates. The pants I wanted didn't come in my size. So I bought these casual pants since it was more of a waist up shoot.
There's a lot of people being highly critical here but I just wanted to say congratulations. What a transition. Have a good day!
Thanks man. I'm an actor, so I take criticism with a grain of salt a lot of times. But people are saying some good things that I'm listening to.
It's hard to not have a high salt diet after improving upon yourself so much. 
I don't know much about suits/guy's clothes so no criticisms from me. You look fantastic, good job! 
try reading the sidebar, its pretty amazing how much more confident you feel and how that affects your day to day life when you dress better, and you know it.
I'm guessing . said that because she's female.
Thanks a lot! I definitely appreciate it.
Cool, you've improved dramatically. Developing a style is fun when you have some semblance of an idea of what you're doing, isn't it?
Absolutely! The possibilities of what you can come up with with a simple three piece suit is ridiculous. 
Looks fucking great. You've really improved your style, but also your overall attitude in your photos. /highfive
Thanks for the words! It's crazy what happens when you lose a bit of weight.

Just hopping in to say that you look damn fine in picture 5. I'm happy for you that you feel better and less out of place. :')
Thanks a million! It definitely means a lot. 
One thing I forgot to mention in my previous posts was just to note that technically what you're wearing isn't actually a suit, for it to be a suit the pants and jacket must be of the same material and match one another. Wearing a structured blazer outside of a suit is also frowned upon, unstructured blazers made from more casual materials like linen, in summer, are a much better option for such a situation. Just thought I'd note that since a lot of people were referring to it as a suit. Once again, best of luck man!
Thanks, I wish I could have bought the pants that came with the suit, but they were too short and didn't have the size I needed. It would've worked a lot better but I was in a time crunch.
I want to get your style of haircut in the last three pics! What is the name of that style?
It's called a high and tight. Just ask for that with a hard part, and the barber should know what you are talking about. 
I'd say that looks more like a medium bald fade. Asking for a high and tight may get you something more like . from an old school barber
Good work OP, I'm glad you feel better about yourself and you look pretty BA too
How do you get your hair to lay flat/behave like that (pic #5)? I always want to part my hair, but I can't get it to lay down - there's always strands sticking up.....This is perhaps the least manly question I have ever asked.
Your hair has a natural part. Some people part to the left, others to the right. You have to find out which side your hair favors and you'll have an easier time keeping it down.
if you get strands sticking up you can use little gel and hairspray will easily put it down for the day. note that your hair has to be quite thin to achieve this look. If your hair is thicker, it would stand and bend back instead of all slick back.
You're going to have to blow dry it. That's what I have to do, anyway. You figure out where you want to part the hair, take your comb/brush/hand and hold down one side and blow dry the non-held side in the opposite direction. Then you do the same for the other side. .This video helped me figure it out. .Also, in case your barber/hairstylist doesn't know what this haircut is, it's also called a side-part with a fade. Take in a couple of pictures for them, and let them know what you want to do. Hairstylists love when you show them what you want them to do. .Anyway, good luck, man. 
maybe you have a cowlick.take it from a guy who has double crown cowlicks. They suck.
My little brother has a cow lick and 2 crows. 
His hair is like carpet. 
I'll think of your little brother whenever I bemoan the state of my hair. It could always be worse.
Find a real barber that can cut traditional hair styles. Bring a photo and don't worry about the jargon for your first appointment. If your hair has bad habits, it may take a few cuts to get your style and to get the bad habit cowlicks to lay correctly. Use a product like layrite or suavecito. Your barber can suggest a product for your style and type of hair, as well..It really is all in the barber. Say no to supercuts or salons.
You don't have to go to a champion barber to get a high and tight lol. Its a pretty standard haircut for military servicemen...
Being active duty, that is not a high and tight. Military barbers do clippers on the side and clippers on the top, then blend with clippers..Good barbers give a precision taper and cut the top for a proper part, blend with scissors, and straight edge the neck line..EDIT: re looking at OPs photos, his might actually be a high and tight with a sort of forced part, which is fine, there are just much more efficient cuts to get a hard part and fine taper. 
I'm pretty happy with my barber - I guess what I'm looking for is product suggestions. My hair is really stupidly thick, so it practically takes an act of God to get it to lay flat. Thanks for the recommendations!
Ah. I have crazy thick hair, too. I use Suavecito firme hold, works like a champ. Sometimes I will use Murray's pomade, but that stuff is hard to break down and get out of your hair.
I have super thick wavy hair. The trick is rinse it with hot water and comb it back as it is drying. Don't use a hair drier it will make it fluffy(hence blow out). Towel  dry and comb a lot. You want your hair just barely damp so getting the product in your hair and combing the product isn't painful. The more often you do your hair the easier the it will be to style. 
would you happen to be Asian?
Holy shit dude me too. My super thick wavy hair made it really hard to do anything with my hair for years. Then I discovered some awesome "straightening" conditioners and I started rinsing my hair and leaving it damp before styling it. It's still a pain in the ass every now and then but at least now I'm happy with the ways I can style it. 
Yeah I've learned a couple of good things over the years. Avoid anything that you can recomb too easily because they retain moisture and will bring the waves out. My last hair stylist said sometimes they can comb perm solution in wavy hair to straighten it I was thinking about trying that.

But that question can possibly make you look the most manly you've ever looked! .It may be the product you are using. Check into Suavecito. It's an amazing pomade with a great hold and nice scent. 
Thanks dude, I just put some Suavecito pomade in my Amazon cart (another user suggested it as well).
also if you dont want such a 'glossy' look, try out american crew fiber.  (or dust products are my favorite if you have lighter hair color)
Layrite's is also an awesome pomade that has a good hold and washes out with water! smells like vanilla, too. mmmmmmm
Layrite Superhold does it for me. And that packaging! Too cool
Great purchase! Let me know how it works out for you.
I almost can't believe how poorly that first suit fit you; it looks like your wearing fancy pajamas. The last picture looks like it's straight out of GQ. Good for you, man. 
I wish I had pajamas that looked like that. 

Thank you.
Are they good quality?
I don't know, I haven't bought them. I just know they're there because I watch too much How I Met Your Mother.
Thanks a lot! That's kind of what we were going for. I can't wait for another shoot where I will have a bigger budget to work with.
From a chicks perspective:.How YOU doin?
Joey?
Haha trying to cook. How YOU doin?
The man's dressing better and trying to cook..Don't let this one get away, ., don't you dare.
The three button rule also applies to the two button blazer: Sometimes-Always-Never. In the two button it would be: Always-Never. Recap: never button the lowest button..You're looking fit!
Entered thread looking for unbuttoned bottom button rule.  Left satisfied..Although it has to be said, OP looks a million bucks in that suit! 

Who made this rule, and why?
Why does this rule exist? 
Because the bottom button of a suit isn't designed to be buttoned. It exists in the same way there's a rule that says "don't put your trousers on backwards"
Right but my question was why it was designed that way. Read further down though and got my answer. Thanks anyway. 
I learned it as middle always, but top only when standing up
Would this apply with a cardigan?  As in, i should leave the bottom button unbottoned? 
Always.
Thanks! 
Why does the bottom button exist? 
It's part of the design - it doesn't have to have a functional purpose (lapels don't, cuff buttons don't, shoulder padding doesn't, etc)..Single button jackets exist but have their roots in evening-wear (tuxedos) and therefore stand out as inappropriate for business - they're more youthful and leisurely.
First thing i thought of when i saw the picture. Dude still looks sharp though
You unbutton your jacket when you sit down no matter what.
*Unless its double breasted
Nope, buttons on a single breasted jacket should be undone when sitting. Top button depends on lapel roll.
I know the rule and follow it... but I don't understand it.
Why? I feel like it's a stupid rule. Sometimes I more enjoy the look of having both buttons done at the same time. 
You do what you want, but suits are . to have the lowest button undone. It's not just a rule, if you do all the buttons it makes the suit look off.
Is the same . true for vests, as another commenter said in this thread? I've seen well tailored vests that I thought looked very sharp buttoned all the way down.
Most commonly, yes. In any case, you won't look out of place with the bottom button unbuttoned.
Great, thank you.
Penn gets it
Nicest guy ever! So down to Earth.
I try to avoid reddit, and am not on here anywhere near as much..SAW THIS POST, must say, 
Man, I'm just pissed I missed his band party a few days ago. Looking sharp, by the way! Kudos on the weight loss. I'm trying to drop my weight down right now and replace it with muscle. I spent the last three years literally doing no physical labor of any kind. It's embarassing but when I started a month ago, I couldn't run for more than a minute or two, and could barely do a few push ups. Up to 15 mins now, and feeling better already. It's a long fucking climb, but your post was definitely inspiring. .Awesome stuff man. :)
Awww man, that would have been awesome to go to! If you want to really see results, do tabata running. All you do is sprint for 20 seconds and rest for 10 seconds. Do that over the course of 4 minutes and you're gold. I want to see your transformation on here next! Keep plugging along and message me if you ever need help or pointers.
Gonna definitely look into that tabata running. My biggest goal is to get muscle though. My metabolism is pretty badass so I managed to stay under 200lb despite eating everything under the sun for years. Thanks for the advice!.As for pointers, I would love to know how you got fully outfitted in a suit for under $150. My guess is thrifting, but finding a nice suit that fits well is a rare thing in those stores.
Check out . if you don't already know about it
Yeah, it definitely is. I actually got the suit,vest, and button up from H&M, and that totaled out to about 111 dollars. I went through every store in the mall looking for anything within my price range. So if you're ever in a bind, H&M bailed me out. The pants weren't as big of a deal for me, so I got a pair from Forever 21 since they were cheap and grey. I started with a good jacket I liked and built from there. Hope that helps!
Forever 21 has men's clothing? I go in there with my girlfriend pretty often and I never saw men's stuff. 
Some do some don't. In my area, only the massive Forever 21 had a guy section whereas the ones inside the mall or in strip malls don't. The clothes aren't awesome, but the last time I went they had a few aid button downs and some varsity jackets that were pretty good for the price
Yeah, It's really cheap and bad quality, but it got me out of a pinch when I needed it. They have the 21 Men collection. 
Short version is there was a fat king who couldn't button the bottom button. Now, all clothes are made to drape properly by not buttoning the bottom one. 
For a reference!
Thanks for the link! So many people give the advice but never the why. 
It's because nobody actually knows the why. Cutesy stories are great and all but this is one case where the 'what' really is more important than the 'why'.
The why is because suits are cut to be buttoned that way, the cutesy story would answer why they're cut that way. Sometimes designers make suits cut to be completely buttoned and the rule doesn't apply.
Not that there are a lot of military inspired suits around here, but you will see some jackets that are. If it's military inspired then it will be cut so that you should button all the buttons.
Suits aren't designed to have the bottom button done up unless its been specially made like that. Doing the button up will pull the jacket out of shape. 
Well that explains it.
Okay perfect. I'll keep that in mind.

that was my only gripe too, otherwise your look is super tight
And that goes for vests as well
Even vests?  Wouldn't it make sense to button them all cause you want the vest to be fairly tight?
actually it depends on the cut of the bottom of the vest.
I've been wondering about this for a while now, I've known the suit button rule but for a 5 button vest it looked strange to leave the bottom button undone
Fuck, I had no idea that was for vests too! What about if the vest has four of five buttons? 
Know of a decent guide referring to vests and the correct way to button them?
Yes! I am amazed that you are the only one to point this out. More people need to know this!
Why are they there then?
its kinda out of performance at this point. suits are made to not fit as well if the bottom button is latched so that it looks better when it isnt.  Simply because of tradition and some fatass king from ages old
and its repeated to death by people who know it as one of their only fashion facts
It's probably the most common mistake made by people wearing a mistake,if you wish to wear a suit in the traditional fashion.
TIL.
From what I've heard it's a long standing tradition that goes back to horseback riding (they had to keep the bottom button undone when riding). That or the king was too fat to do it, so everyone around him did it as well. It trickled down to us plebes
can i rebel against convention and button my button then?
Look at . and notice the obvious fit issues around his chest. His lapels are pulling open and there are unflattering creases. .The problem is the bottom button. .. Unfastening the bottom button would allow the suit to lie smoothly on his chest ...So yes, you can rebel against convention if you want your suit to look like shit.
The jackets are actually made to have that button undone. Buttoning it will cause the jacket to fit a bit weird.
You can, but that is the most boring, misunderstood, and pointless way to rebel.
Perfect! Thank you.
outlier is not great quality-wise (as in it falls apart/tears easy) for what you're paying, but i still consider them worth buying for the details.new uniqlo ocbd is much much worse than the old ones
Got the To Boot New York Hawthorne boots a few years ago.  They looked great and were very versatile (able to wear to work or with jeans/chinos).  I made sure to keep up with cleaning/polishing/etc, and I only wore them once or twice per week. A year after I got them, the rubber sole split all the way through where it flexes when you are walking normally..I talked to a couple of cobblers who said the sole couldn't be replaced, and all that could be done was to glue a thin rubber sole to the bottom to keep everything together.  I got it done, but the boots don't have the same lines that they used to and are now gathering dust in the back of my closet.  The added thickness of the sole looks too clunky to me.
Brooks Brothers Red Fleece shirts.  I thought the quality was a step down from their main line stuff.
Man that's fucking stupid. They're meant to be high-quality technical garments. Why would you brand yourself as a high-quality tech garment company if your shit is weak?.Dumb.
Every pair of Tretorns I've owned
Suit supply shoes were a pretty dire waste of 200. Bought a pair of admittedly very pretty brown captoes back when I thought navy suits could only be worn with brown shoes (??). Quality is shit, the leather is warped and stitching has been repaired several times. I still wear the things because I haven't bought better brown shoes (I don't wear brown dress shoes more than once a week) but they have been a consistent let down.
You could ask .. I'd be interested in seeing what he has to say about his garments falling apart.
Aldo dessert boots, fuck that shit
Thing's fall apart.
what?
Pair of Oakleys. They had great optical quality for about 6 months then all the scratches just kept building up to where it was intolerable. And none of the Oakley dealers here will replace the lens. $400 down the drain..Also got my wife an LV monogram bag because she figured it could be her one designer bag. Now she hardly uses it anymore because it's just not her style and frankly, it's not that pretty. Also, the bag is counterfeited so much that it really cheapens its image.
Huh, I have the opposite issue.  Every pair of Oakleys I've had has resisted scratches pretty well (but I tend to destroy frames, so I buy the metal ones like the Crosshair as possible), but I picked up a set of UnderArmor lenses that had good reviews and were on sale, and on my first wipeout they were scratched dead center of the left lens.  
She should just sell it..I feel you on the Oakleys though.  I keep going back to them because they make great frames/lenses for sports and I don't want to buy casual sunglasses as well because the prescription lens costs are prohibitive.
If you're going for sport/technical aspects, Maui Jim make some great sunglasses. Their customer service has been excellent too. 
Yup, I've had my Maui Jim pair for a while now and they're as good as the day I bought them.
In terms of actual technical garments, they're pretty middle-of-the-road.
whats better
Arcteryx comes to mind, but there's also the tech-fashion brands like White Mountaineering, visvim, nau, Isaora, etc.
Isn't visvim not known for its durability but rather styling? 
Yeah maybe
gotta say my velva sheen tees weren't rly worth it.fit is suuuper boxy on them, texture is rough (but i'm hoping it'll wear in and age well); there are just brands i prefer
How big are you? I think some of the Velva Sheen's have a vintage military type fit, like the RMC/FH sweatshirts with the high small armholes and boxy chest. 
I'm loving the Velva Sheen henley I got during the Chicago meetup. It started out kind of rigid and rough, but it's breaking in slowly. I can tell it'll feel great once it's fully worn in.
between S and M, bought M.arm holes do not seem v tiny at all but the chest is certainly boxy
I've hear Velva Sheen/RMC tees are rough for a bit but the fabric wears in well with wears & washes.
thts good, hopefully it'll all work out
I only thrift or buy at consignment/estate sales/forums/ebay "high end" articles like this (not retail), but a lot of supposedly "luxury" brands have rather low quality goods. lots of polyester YSL dress shirts, corrected grain leather on gucci shoes/belts, cheap construction on burberry jacket, etc..then you get brands like barbour or iron heart that are pretty consistently awesome. love 'em
I thought burberrys trench coat was known for its bifl quality? Maybe that was years ago. 
[deleted]
Edit: Because Engrish.Popular expensive jeans like True Religion, Diesel, Express, Rock and Republic. Their quality and fit are great, just overpriced. I would have bought some Japanese denim/raw jeans if I had known about them earlier.
Edit: I'm wrong and also an asshole. I thought he said "would" instead of "wouldn't". My mistake.
It's most likely that you washed then too much, put them I the dryer and so on.
I don't machine wash/dry..I was talking about what gives you a better bang for your buck.
Fixed for clarity 
Which japanese raws?
He just means raw denim in general. Most high quality raw denim comes out of Japan unless you're getting it from cone mills in America.
It is, in context. "Their quality and fit are great, [but not as good as Japanese raw denim at a similar price point and thus] just overpriced."
Not to delve into English on MFA, but you use 'them' and then 'their' consecutively while referring to two different things. That's pretty confusing. It seemed obvious to me that you changed the topic to the raws and there wasn't any indication that you changed the topic back to designer jeans..Edit: I'm wrong. Misread. Thought "wouldn't" was "would".
Well first, the comment to which you're referring wasn't me. But aside from that, you're also misreading his comment. "them" and "their" both refer to Diesel/Guess/etc.-esque designer jeans in the other comment. The potentially confusing thing is that "them" is not being used as a pronoun for the immediately preceding noun.
Ah, my mistake. I'm an asshole. See, I thought he said "If I had known about Japanese denim/raw jeans I . have bought them", them being the raws. Just a silly misread. I'll fix it.
I bought their higher end made in Italy ones a few years ago. In sand suede. .They are cracked in one heel and a part seems to be coming off. There's also a deformity that looks like a glue splash. .They are almost always complimented on (twice this weekend alone) and the easiest to wear/match, and best fitting. They have a sleek non-clunky shape and are worn in (in a good way). I would buy them again if they still made them. 
They have lasted me this long and still work, but I'm not sure how many more years they will keep up with the heavy wear I put on them. 
This thread made me realize that there's no a single expensive thing I own that I don't genuinely appreciate..That's pretty cool I guess.
I think the only expensive thing I can appreciate is something tank-like. Like my horween briefcase, or a tank
To Boot as a brand has the whole cheap/crappy/designer thing going but they bill themselves as a decent shoe on par with Alden ect. It's really obnoxious. 
A suit from express.
A pair of Joe's Jeans that was like $90 at the Nordstrom Rack.  Admittedly I washed them more than I should have, but they faded incredibly quickly and frayed quite a bit.
Mine have lasted me 4 years with minimal fading and no fraying even though I wash them every couple months or so.
Bought two Ted baker short sleeve button ups and multiple buttons have broken off or the strings have broken on both shirts. I've sewn knew buttons on too many times for the price I paid. 
Isn't Ted Baker considered the poor man's Paul Smith?
Regardless, it still cost too much money to be falling apart like that. 
My Beeswax CDBs. I know that they aren't that expensive, but I would much rather have spend that money somewhere else, or save a bit more and buy a different boot. They're just so damn uncomfortable.
How long have you had them?  Mine were causing my feet to blister and cramp for the first couple weeks, but since then they've broken in and are very comfortable.
They are uncomfortable as shit...but I'm planning to get insoles for them soon. Thankfully they're holding up well
I got some insoles for them, but now my toes feel too squished. I'm hoping they'll stretch out a bit more.
Thats funny, its sort of the opposite for me. When I first bought them they fit great, but stretched over time and become a little roomy, now with the insole my feet don't hurt plus they are snug but not overly so.
I've had them for about 3 months now. The first time I wore them extensively, I got a blister on my ankle, and had a cramp in the arch\side of my foot that had me limping for a few days. .In the past month, I've given them another chance, and they're getting better, but sooo slowly. I thought with such a soft sole, it wouldn't take this long to break them in.
Hugo Boss jeans. Have owned three pairs, every time another part breaks or tears but it never lasts longer than half a year.
The Hugo Boss dress shirts don't last really long as well.
Actually, that's true. I own three of those, the cuffs of two are completely ruined after little over a year, and I don't wear them that much
same problem. The fit is great though.... :(
some older nudie jeans.their quality went downhill a while back but i haven't heard how it is recently
Got better again, actually I only have nudie jeans and they last a year at least, considering extensive use I think that's pretty good.
cool. i was looking into a pair of black high kai's but i was a little wary of their quality again
Anything Thomas Pink from their outlet line has been disappointing.  The buttons on the shirts always break in dry cleaning (again, only the outlet store line).  Never had the problem with the regular shirts, though they are too expensive for my tastes.
Levi's jeans from JC Penney. I know there are lines Levi's puts out which are seriously good stuff, but I'm done messing with them. Too hit or miss for me, and I hate how they label certain washes as "rigid" or "waterless" and dance around whether or not they're raw. I've heard completely confident answers from multiple people and store employees about whether or not "rigid" means raw, and still can get no consensus..Levi's, your cuts are great, but I'm moving on.
Well there's your problem, you're buying Aldo. Aldo is notoriously bad quality for the price.
Rigid is once-washed. "Water-less" deals with how they're made, they're still sanforized though.
Ha, I thought this was an AskReddit thread and was confused why everyone was mentioning clothing.
Kanye Wests $120 plain white tee.
u didnt buy that dont lie. if u could buy it you wouldnt talk shit on it
Yeah I know. It was a joke. I'm leaving this one up though. Downvote away. I'll have to make a separate thread of how you guys make your panties in a bunch look fashionable. 
i thought you were funny
God that thread was bad
Link?
. Enjoy.
In general, I would agree, but almost all of the luxury brand stuff in thrift stores is cheap fakes. Your experience might be different if you purchased them first-hand from the boutique. Also, there is plenty of very high-end clothing which has polyester, not for cost-saving but by design. It is a unique material and you can do things with it that cannot be done with natural materials. It also can be extremely durable.
I beg to differ. You may be interested in browsing ...I have never wished for polyester in a non-utilitarian shirt for any reason.
Some pairs of A1923 and Viberg boots, RRL waffle-knit long-sleeve t-shirt and henley. I've come to accept the leather quality of the A1923s, and I might even give them another chance with a kangaroo hide boot, but I couldn't go back to their cordovan for the price. The Vibergs were just a $900 pair of not-so-special CXL boots with QC issues. For the retail price of the RRL knits, I think there's . nicer garments out there, like The Real McCoy's offerings (some of RRL's henleys are even much more expensive than RMC's). 
I used to live right next to an RRL and the RL flagship in NYC. I can't say anything I handled at RRL really impressed me construction/quality-wise. I'm not sure what all the hooplah is about.
I have a pair of RRL raw denim selvedge jeans. got em for about 100 bucks on ebay brand new. Love them so far. Same goes for my white jeans from RRL. Never had a problem, though none of their shirts fit me so maybe it's specific to tops. 
I have around seven pairs of RRL jeans of various washes---their t-shirts are what I don't love. I think if you stick to their denim and some of the jackets, you'll do just fine, though now that they're retailing for ~$250 for the rigid and once-washed varieties, I'd suggest paying a bit more for some Japanese-made denim. At the 50%+-off at which they can sometimes be had, they're a steal.
I have a hard time finding any Japanese-made denim, I'm a 37/38x36. They just don't seem to make my size (though I'd love to be shown otherwise). RRL seems the perfect in between for me because I can find it on either ebay or at the polo outlet near my school. 
Look around on Self Edge and Blue in Green. I looked quickly and found that the 1947 cut from Sugar Cane . fit, but personally I like most of RRL's cuts better.
Awesomethanks for the info man!
Crap... I was also constantly checking sf and ebay for a used pair of vibergs because I love how sleek they are compared to wolverine /indys. But I didn't know their qc was bad. If I wanted a boot that looked like the service boot in the price range of indys... What do you recommend as a quality boot? And not osb trench... I don't like the stitching on them for some reason. Any experience with trickers, meermin or loake? Or anything else better?  
If you take a look at the Viberg blog or their StyleForum thread, you'll see all sorts of boots with mismatched panels and wrinkled and creased leather. I would go with White's---go for a 6" Smokejumper on the semi-dress last without a celastic toe box. I don't think Loake is making anything very good anymore---I completely lost interest in them once they started making stuff outside of the UK and used misleading labeling to imply that it all still was. Meermin isn't in the same league as Tricker's. 
Loake not making anything good any more? Their 1880 range has always been quality and great value for money. 
Loake are fine and if you're on a budget and live in europe/UK they're a great option as Allen Edmonds are difficult to get/can be pricier than they're worth here. I'd personally prefer Meermins but getting a pair of Loake (and even trying them on in person) is a lot less of a headache.
The 1880 line isn't as good a value as Meermin or even AE where boots are concerned. They're just cheap. 
AE are at a higher price range as far as I'm concerned. Meermin are slightly cheaper, yes, and from my research appear to be on a similar quality level as Loake 1880 but with possibly lower quality control measures. .Not sure if you are referring to the Loake 1880 range as cheap quality or cheap in price. 
Meermin is actually a better quality, Loake 1880 is made in India and has a lot of the same issues as the $130 welted shoes that Putthison reviewed earlier this week. 
Do you have links or evidence that the 1880 range is made in India? I thought the whole point and marketing of the 1880 range is that it's Loake's highest quality range that is made solely in the UK. .I've never heard of similar issues to the ones that the PTO review of the $130 shoes put forward. 
It's not. 
1880 is mainline made in UK, all the others are made in india
Thanks Sklark, I've kind of written off Loake as low quality across the board after handling a few of their shoes. Even the 1880 felt at or below AE so I figured they were made in India to. 
Wait, I thought the 1880 line was the only thing still made in England from them. Has that changed? 
No, the 1880's are still made in the UK. 
1880 is the only made in UK, all the others are in india, similar model to grenson
That's bullshit
We've already determined that I'm wrong in that regard :). I made an assumption based off the quality of what I handled and it was wrong.
Australia too, where we have no real access to Edmonds. 
Indeed. Online forums can be a little too presumptive in the accessibility of US products and under-appreciative the value of non-US brands.
How would you compare trickers to whites to aldens? And I'm assuming C&J is in a league of its own compared to these guys? 
Tricker's, White's and Alden are completely different brands. Crockett and Jones uses much nicer calf than Alden, and likely White's, too. I like Alden for cowhide and shell, but I never liked the calf on any of the Aldens I've owned. I haven't handled Tricker's, so I can't compare them to C&J, but I much prefer C&J's boot styling, in general.
Awesome roids thanks...how about grenson...anything else in the price range thats worth looking into?
They're doing the same kind of shit that Loake does: Grenson has a made-in-India line, their G-TWO offerings, but then they misleadingly stamp ENGLAND 1886 on the sole. I would avoid, though that line. I don't know how the G-ONE and G-ZERO lines are, but I'd rather support other English bootmakers.
Grenson are great if you like their more unique designs since despite their made-in-india construction they're still doing high (comparatively) quality shoes in a broad range of adventurous styles. I wouldn't go with them for something more traditional or a dress shoe as there are simply better options..I've got their Archie model which is a pebble grain brogue shoe (with comically big brogue holes) over a . commando sole that I love and gets a lot of wear.
Alright sweet...fuck I think I'm just going to use my life savings and get . and cry every night.
If you buy those you'll be the best cobbled homeless man in this hemisphere. And they will be tears of bitter sweet joy. 
Imagine the patina I would get from being homeless 
I really like Grenson a lot, I agree they just have such a fun twist on these traditional styles. I'm thinking after I get a more traditional pair of derbies and boots I'll look into them more for something fun, I like the Archie V's a lot.
I've no complaints about my Trickers or any I've handled in person - beautiful thick leather (mine are repello suede) and construction. Chunkier, rugged lasts compared to C&J et al. One of their selling points to me is the sheer variety of make-ups and indeed MTO options available..I'm no expert on actual leather though and haven't handled their cordovan. . has a gorgeous pair..Generally I prefer their country styles to dress shoes - there are loads of great options for dress shoes but in my opinion Trickers have their own excellent niche in traditional English casual shoes that they do head-and-toe better than most others.
Regarding their shell, they use Comipel over Horween's offering. I've never handled Comipel shell, though.
Comipel are Japanese sourced, right?
I believe so, but like sklark23 said, I think it's tanned in Italy. I'm not very familiar with their offerings, but I've been kind of wary of non-Horween shell ever since hearing Ron Rider speak of . out of Italy.
Do you know who supplies Meermin's shell? I seem to recall it being not-Horween for sure, so any concerns there?
and then tanned in italy

Interesting post.Shame because Trickers have some lovely shell options like these . but they're a lot of coin for non-Horween shell.
Their denim is fine, and the once-washed and rigid offerings are a decent value at $200, and I really like their washes, though it's often best to wait for a big sale. I think they're a decent brand, but the cotton knitwear is very much overpriced, like that of many similar American-made brands.
White's is traditional northwest workboots. Fairly rounded toeboxes, high cuban heels are standard and they use a stitched down construction, which is the historical standard for workboots. They have the greatest variety I've seen where leather types are concerned, including Shell, CXL, and exotics. A double line of stitching on the sole is standard, so you'll want the close trim for a sleeker look. They rank with the best for workboot construction, at least as far as I've seen and have very good clicking, stitching, and quality control. Like other workboots in a similar style, they can look a little pigs-footed, especially if you have short or wide feet. .Trickers is the quintessential english country shoe. They have a clunkier last than many other british shoes, closer to hungarian ones actually, and usually have a double leather or single+dainite sole. Construction is very good for the price, equitable to C&J for the most part. .Alden is the best American shoemaker, and they make the best value in shell cordovan and decent cowhide. Stylistically, they're not much different from Allen Edmonds in thier shoes, but have much sleeker and better looking boots. Insole quality, leather, shank, and heel quality are considerably better than AE, but lower than C&J and IMO Trickers as well, boots excluded. 

Awww, thank you Schia, it's a reflection of spending entirely too much time on it. :) Occasionally it helps someone nice though and that makes it worth it. Plus I'm stuck inside 8 months out of the year anyways. 
Levi's jeans from JC Penney are the same Levi's jeans you'd buy anywhere else. Also they go for $40-$45, not really a large sum of money. 
Wrong.  Levi has two different lines of jeans.  One they sell at 'cheap' stores like JC Penny and another line of jeans they sell at 'high end' stores like their own shops and online.  It is really confusing because they use the same numbering scheme for both lines.
Would Urban Outfitters have the good or bad line?
Are you referring to the pairs of Levi's that have that black tag on the back instead of the tan one? JCP sells both. 
Does ANYONE actually think LV is cool? Half the teenage girls at the mall I used to work at had one (likely mostly fakes, but still).
evidently teenage girls
If you're talking about the heavily branded bags, those are in a completely different area than the rest of the line..Most brands that people know for their "luxury" accessories (Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Prada, etc., although I could be mixing up a few of those) are often doing much more interesting things with their mainline designs. The accessories are sold at a completely different (lower) price point as easy money.
Is there a guide on FFA about handbag/purse fashion? I don't mean like "what handbags are good?" I mean like detailing the history of it and how designers become so engrained in them. It seems like a lot of women will pay attention to designer handbag fashion and nothing else and I kind of want the scoop in on why..Note: this isn't necessarily directed at you, just in the comment thread for relevancy, I know schia and probably other ffa people are reading this thread
Paging ., I'm curious about this as well as I was just reading about Hermes Birkin bag the other day.
Thanks for the ping. :3 I have responded briefly above.
One of our members is working on a handbag guide, I think (.?) but it may be more practically-oriented than a survey of how womenswear handles handbags and purses. I think the It Bag culture is definitely quite interestingand provides a generally good survey of how womenswear tends to be very brand-oriented and It-Item-oriented. It's especially enlightening when you take a look at how womenswear v. menswear brands approach the question of quality. There's not really the equivalent of Wings + Horns on the womenswear sidesomething in between runway-designer and high street with a heavy, . focus on quality..This is something I myself don't know a lot about, but would love to investigate more. Highly recommend you post a thread on FFA about this to get some discussion!.Also, for a peek into the side of the internet that embodies the obsession with designer handbags (to the point of having a killer bag that overwhelms a mediocre fit)..
burberry has two diffusion brands, Brit and London. Not everyone realises the difference and the lower quality brands tend to suck a lot. Prorsum is the real deal..edit: royal_silk_555 corrected me
Prorsum is Burberry's flagship, it is not diffusion.
But wasn't their original trench coat a great piece of outerwear that lasted ? 
it is/was indeed. I have a feeling that VanRitz wasn't talking about those though. Most of the "luxury" items I see in thriftstores are diffusion brands.
It wasn't a trench, it was a Harrington style jacket from a diffusion line. But still even diffusion lines can be really expensive.
yeah, most of the time they are really expensive which tends to make people think they're the real deal :/
I think the London and Prorsum coats are fine quality wise---Brit and Sport can be a crap shoot.
I don't know if London really counts as a diffusion line, that's like calling Brooks Brothers a diffusion line of Black Fleece. London has the BIFL heritage trenches..Prorsum is the runway line and since the coats are usually made from exotic or interesting materials, they're more delicate than the London ones. For example most of the Prorsum trenches aren't water proof/resistant.
Thanks for the clarification. I admit that I'm only repeated what I've heard and seen on wikipedia.
More importantly, what do they taste like?
Haha I spelled wrong
Had a pair of Guess jeans that were  ~$125. The butt wore out within a month. 
I had a similar problem with them Guess $100+ jeans. It was their 4th or 5th wear and the leg bottom ripped when I was taking them off..I have a jacket that's been holding up pretty good for the past 3 or 4 years, though.
I've always been curious, how IS the quality of Guess overall? 
There shirts fit terribly and are not fashionable. I went through a phase (ver recently) where I thought guess shirts were the shit and better than all other shirts.... oh how wrong was I.
Pretty horrible. A bit better than Express, it's a highly overpriced H&M.
That's what I always thought. Their jeans even though it was so expensive didn't feel any better than any fast fashion brands. 
When people gawk at my $200 raws, I quote them the $120 I spent on Guess Jeans that lasted approx 2 months. 
not that good
Both of my shoes from church's, I just can't hate on them enough..I've given Churchs' two chances now, the first was this pair of . when I was first getting interested in fashion. The leather is their "bookbinder" calf, which is heavily corrected. The creasing is horribly unnatractive, and the toe cap has accumulated wear that I would be able to polish out in real calf, but on these shoes is unfixable and looks bad. I use a shoehorn and the lining in the heel has still come undone on both shoes, one so badly that it needed it restitching, the other is getting there. To make things worse, the gemming failed in both shoes. This something that has never happened to me with goodyear welted shoes, Alden, C&J, even AE have all been fine with heavy wear, but these failed within a few months, absolutely pathetic. Plus they're selling for 370 pounds, roughly $560, and for about $605-610, I could have gotten handgrade monkstraps from C&J..My second experience with churchs was a pair of brown suede chukka's, they were in store discounted to ~$90 down from ~$450, so I figured why not, they say handmade and have a nice, thick looking leather lining and insole, plus the nubuck seems decent. So I brought them home and wore them. Four months later (very light wear, since I bought them in winter), I tripped on something, I looked down and saw that I had tripped on the welt, which had come completely separated from the shoe and was flapping around. It turns out the welt was a fake and they were bondwelted, I hadn't examined them closely because they were cheap and I didn't wear them much, but I definitely paid the price.
Ah crap really? I was seriously looking at churches as I was interested in some new wingtips. I'm not really a fan of AEs, and aldens shape bothers me... Damn. I guess the hunt goes on. 
This is a shame to hear, thanks for sharing.
Only good Church's are pre-Prada Church's. That being said, you shouldn't have expected good things from heavily corrected calf anyway, no?.As of now the best bets are C&J, AS, and some of Tricker's models. On the American side, Alden and AE. Also, Peal & Co. And Carmina is definitely worth it. 
For that money you can get some crocket and jones - i am saving up for something on this line ..
Congratulations, it's a great shoe. 
I went shopping at Churches at the weekend looking for some black Oxfords, but ended up going for some Frattelli Rossetti ones instead - much cleaner lines than the Churches which were a bit clunky in the flesh. Not sure about long term use but so far the shoes have been really comfortable, with the leather very supple and the stitching well detailed. As with most Italian shoes apparently they're Blake construction rather than Goodyear so may not hold up so well in inclement weather. I think they run to about $400 retail.
What's your budget? at the $500-$800 range, C&J and Alfred Sargent Handgrade are both nice. Trickers and Barker Black are both interesting, Trickers is a little a more heavy duty and the Barker has brouging in the shape of a skull. I think the Vass F Last wingtips come in around $800 after shipping too, so that might be an option. 
My budget is 300 - 400 but only if they are absolutely perfect in my eye shape wise. How is loake, I just looked at some of their shoes? Is it better that alden or similar? 
I'm enamored of my Loake Ashbys. I think it would probably be wise to stick with the 1880 line. 
Have you looked at Cheaney? They're not mentioned here often but they make very good shoes and their Imperial line (just a tad over your budget) are some of the only shoes I've seen with a fiddleback waist at that price point.
Loake is much closer Allen Edmonds than Alden. In that range I'd say Alfred Sargent Exclusive or Meermin handgrade would be your best bet.
Go with the Alfred Sargent exclusive line for $400.
Glad to hear someone speak up about these. I've also had bad experiences, and now I just go with Loake's which are a better shoe at half the price.
iirc churchs' were bought by prada some time ago and their quality took a nosedive 
Mid 90's, Pre-prada church's is actually really good stuff. 
I just handled a bunch of Church's shoes in Barneys: some of them had such poor leather quality they looked like they belonged in Macy's.
My Outlier Three-ways came apart at the crotch after less than 5 wears. 
Honest question, did you expect it to be high quality, and just not know about express's quality issues beforehand, or did it detoriate faster than you expected, even though it was a "cheaper suit?"
Despite the brand's apparent cheapness, I expected it to hold up a little longer and not look so express-suit-y. I think 500 for a full suit there is a little much. I should have known better, though, so I take the blame!
I wouldn't pay $200 for a full suit there, I've handled their suits multiple times whilst hanging, backstocking and doing inventory with them. Their pants and jackets have randomly torn on me in multiple occasions. .Source: Employee
Yep. I've moved on from that store completely. 
well the cheapness and the fact that every shirt has military shoulder flaps on it. 
The men's shirts are fine.  I've had about seventeen, for work shirts, because I like the fit and lack of pockets.  I've never even tried on the pants.  
Yah, the fit on the shirts is great, and the pants are pretty good, actually, if not a little bit overpriced. They keep getting thinner, though! I swear they're going to be made from vellum soon!
Have you contacted them for a replacement? They're still small enough to respond. . is actually Abe from Outlier if you'd rather PM him.
I have, they responded very quickly and offered to re-imburse me the price of whatever the tailoring cost is to fix them, which is good of them. Thanks for the info anyway though!
leather insole of my geobaskets is flaking and the sole wears faster than an eraser, bit of a bummer but they're just shoes. .that said i didn't really buy them for quality. 
dick ovens goat
$1000 shoes
uoeno
[deleted]
where's that review man?
[deleted]
Make it standalone for searchability. 
Can I ask why you bought them?
best of the best
If you want to blend the casual upturn of a Dutch child's wooden shoe with the well chosen palette of a late nineteen eighties British Knight, but had not a care in the world that your toe resembled an end of life bowling shoe, then yes, absolutely.  And all with the style and class of a Midwestern American Greco Roman wrestling shoe.  Rick Owens shoes are inarguably the best of the best, when it comes to buying basketball shoes from men who look like anorexic renditions of Boris Vallejo.
what about them?
If you can't see why $1000 geos are more than 'just shoes' you need to take your head out your arse.Would be like calling a Ferrari just a car, technically correct but wilfully blind 
terrible analogy 
Y?
A Ferrari does things that a regular car doesn't do rather than just look good..Shoes are shoes unless they are used for technical uses.
You don't expect $1000 shoes to be well made? I'm not saying they should be work boot standard toughness, just that it would be disappointing if they didn't have higher than normal levels of craftsmanship, or even normal levels which majhax is suggesting they don't 
Also nonsense that shoes are shoes unless used for technical purpose. Aldos are condemned here for being shittily created, CDBs praised for being tough bastards and work boots are rarely worn for technical reasons but are praised for their longitivity. So making excuses for $1000 shoes being shoddily created is another example of cognitive dissonance and people not wanting to interrupt their precious circle jerk that geos are god's shoes
By that I mean that a shoe has one task which is to simply cover your foot. .A Ferrari is bought to be more than an A->B vehicle. It will be used for much more stressful activities..A pair of Aldos and a pair of Allen Edmonds is like going from a Nissan Versa to a Volkswagen Passat. They pretty much serve the same purpose but one is nicer. A Ferrari would be like a pair of super high end Danner work boots.
No it won't. A Ferrari will be used to pick up gold diggers outside boujis in south kensington
A tractor would be work boots

Nah it is pretty disappointing, and I agree with you there. I just think it is a pretty poor analogy.
It wasn't totally nuanced, 
so we've both seemed to have misinterpreted each other--I see 1000 dollar geos as a lot more than just shoes, there's so much there, but I thought you were commenting more on just the 1000-dollar-"ness" of them and questioning their value given their perceived physical "quality". I was just confused I guess. sorry!
Ye majhax was stating they were just shoes as if he could just ignore their short comings because of that, I was pointing out maybe you should expect more if you spent a grand on them
It's a subtle difference and I can see why confusion can happen
It's be like a Ferrari blowing a gasket after 500 miles
my cap toes' heels are wearing but a lot slower than what other people's have from what I've seen. I wear them at least 3 times a week and there isn't too much wear yet. Also mine are built really solid, no flaking or loose threads. 
yeah the whole build quality is very nice, it's just some flimsy bit of leather which i should probably take out anyway. .i may just take them to the guy in town who said he'd cap the heel in black to put my mind at ease 
i imagine for the look of them
You can look like an asshole for a lot less than twelve hundred dollars.  For example, Rollerblades accomplish the same look.  I just took a peek at Rick Owens' website.  His idea of fashion only makes sense if you see it as an attempt to fight the spread of sexually transmitted diseases by making men and women alike run around ducktail mullets and lab coats.
this is such good copypasta
I received, based on the price of his shoes, about twenty-seven  thousand dollars worth of downvotes, and yet, no counter argument.  If you're going to pay six months of economy car payments towards poorly made shoes, you should at least be able to justify that to a stranger..If everyone who downvoted me pooled their money instead of pissing it away on bad sneakers, they could own several acres of hunting land or part of a McDonalds.  In which of course, they would be free to go fuck themselves,
I love you 
lol
Wore out from all that sweet action you were getting, amirite?!
THING IS FALL APART
oh okay
I heard "Things Fall Apart"
Okonkwo bout to come up in here and bust a (kola) nut.
Then drop dead in the last pages.
Basically all of my sex toys.  They're never good enough.  I get one toy thinking "Wow, this is complicated and multi-use and luxurious; I won't need a new one for awhile!"  Ten minutes in I get bored of it.  .That said, I get a lot more enjoyment out of cheaper, simpler toys when using them with my partner.  If you're flying solo, do your research, treat yourself, and don't give up finding something that works for you.  If you're buying in preparation for a hot date, get cheap toys in bulk (two or three waterproof eggs in different sizes/speeds/shapes, etc) and don't sweat it when they break or wear out; not having to worry about your $240 vibrator when you wanna spice up that Sunday morning shower sex is deeefinitely worth the destroyed $10 Spencer's joystick.  .edit:: I just realized how off-topic this response was, but fuck it, I have no shame.  NSFW and I'm very sorry.  
wrong thread baws..but now I know whats good
hahahahahahahahahahaha oh man.No shame in injecting NSFW off-topic humor in a thread full of dudes taking fashion very, very seriously. Sex toys are also serious business, I'm sure.
P sure it was intentional.
 or ., they're basically the same thing. Right?
Traditionally crafted sex toys made the old way from local materials by some cranky artisan in Scotland are no joke..Discussions of specific sex toy lasts the way we talk about shoe lasts. . belittling the inferior shape and mould of cheap dildos..Raf Simons or Rick Owens dildos would be a pretty scary prospect, yikes..What an odd start to the day this is.
I've seen some horrifying sex toys, I'm sure they couldn't do much worse.
sruli recht dildos
April Fool's Day MFA postruminate at great length on the sex toy aesthetics of various designers. WWRKD (What Would Rei Kawakubo Do)?
Scarier for me since I've seen Rick Owens's wife.

In my experience, the Amish sex toys are the best.  You just can't beat that type of hand made craftsmanship.

Aww, but they're so oddly adorable together in interviews I've seen! 
They are so adorable, pretty much one of my favorite art/design/fashion power couples. I think they complement each other so well and are obviously super cuddly with each other and inspired by one another. :3
In the only interview I've seen with them together, they were cuddling in a mirror-adjacent bed, and I wanted to puke everywhere. Her dip-dyed fingers are like some sort of turd frosting on an already shitty cake.
Haha where is your sense of love and romance, roids?! But yeah, they're, ugh, interesting people for sure. 
Like a .? 
Barbour?
Ooh very similar save the fact that it isn't an American brand
Maybe .?
The shape of the Mackintosh coat is pretty spot on but I know it's not actually called such. The sleeves and collar fold over to be a different color (i've seen dark brown)...Thanks for the reply!

 has a few ...Cheap, quality, looks good. Choose 2. It's almost impossible to get all 3. 
Well maybe I should have specified price range... How about under $200ish.  Doesn't need to be $30 cheap.
 has exactly what you're looking for. Still not great quality, but it's decent enough..EDIT: Shit forgot to add the URL.
if you want to draw attention away from your weight go on a diet and do some cardio, clothes arent going to help you lose 70lb
Man, don't mask it. Everyone says this, but you shouldn't be ashamed of your body. I used to be 240 or so, I'm 6'2". You can't really hide that kind of bulk. I dropped down to 210, where I'm at now, and I still want to lose more, but I can tell you one thing from experience: trying to hide your size will only make people notice it more. Instead of masking, try to find clothes that fit in a complementing way. Even better, do what I am and try to get to a level where you're not worried about appearing large. Not only does it help you fit into clothes, but it makes you feel better as well. Good luck, man.
In my opinion there isn't much you can do besides losing weight and wearing the kind of clothing that fits you the best, whether that be slim of regular cut. Honestly man, skinny guys wanna be big and big guys wanna be skinny so really it's just a vicious cycle. That's just my 2 cents.
How many did you look through at H&M? Because I was there earlier in the summer looking for bathing suits and they had a ton that all varied in sizing and fit somewhat dramatically so it might be worth your while to spend some time looking through a bunch of them if any pique your interest..Plus they're dirt cheap and hold up okay (bought one last summer for ~$20 - still going strong).
i looked through all the ones they had in the store, the ones i liked they didnt have in stock in my size. If only they had an online store...
What are you using them for? If it's just swimming then I have a pair of 5 Slazenger trunks that have lasted 5 years of near daily swimming at a couple of miles a time. Material is a bit stiff but they are wet through within about 1 minute of going on. .Point of all this is, if they're for swimming don't be put off by cheap material. I wouldn't get something from H&M but a cheap sports company trunk should be fine. .Obviously all this isn't a ton of use for wearing out the pool a ton. 
Mostly for going to the beach and surfing
You could try ..
those are some nice ones
true religion i such a shitty brand i dont imagine the fakes would be any worse quality than the actual product
Well apparently a real one costs $200 while a fake one costs $60. I'm planning on just selling these jeans and I need to know if they're real.
well try to sell them and im sure the people buying them will tell you if theyre fake
Uniqlo slim. J.Crew slim. bonobos. Gitman Vintage. JCP. 
I am 32 inch waist, 40 chest, 6'2, small uniqlo slim ocbd work well untucked for me, size up to medium for an extra inch in length. You may have to tailor waist for a slimmer look.
Also Brooks brother small slims have same fit, with more length than jceew and uniqlo
H&M has a pretty decent selection as far as fits, materials and colors, and for $10-15 a shirt, it's hardly even a gamble to try one.
.
I'd ditch one of the white shirts and get a black one. I mean, with black pants one risks being mistaken for a waiter, but with jeans or chinos, a black shirt can look very good. 
not for work, maybe for night wear... maybe
I get a lot of use out of mine. Primarily for gigs  (Jazz band black), but I'll wear it to class with some dark grey pants on a cloudy day. Also, a black on black on black on black... suit can be cool if the fit is PERFECT, maybe play with the finishes a bit (shiny (ish) lapels or a bright blue pocket square). 
black dress shirts are neckbeard chic, just need some embroidered dragons. I've very rarely seen them pulled off well. I guess they would be fine as a uniform in a jazz band.
or better yet, pair your black shirt with an obnoxiously bright colored tie and you can jump in a time machine to go back to your highschool prom.
dappered has a lot of terrible articles. This one is just below average. 
It's hit or miss. I like Joe's unpretentiousness and generally I think he has a good eye for things. However I've followed a few of his product recommendations though and was really disappointed. Namely the Ratio blue windowpane shirt (poor wrinkle performance*) and the . (terrible leather, hurt my feet, and I had two pairs fall apart on me due to shoddy construction). I am very skeptical of his product recommendations these days..*I've had excellent experiences with Ratio customer service and am in discussions with them for a replacement shirt with a different fabric. Beef is more with Dappered for recommending and reviewing that shirt several times without once mentioning that it wrinkles like mad over the course of daily wear.
The ratio oxford cloth sucks too.  Brooks Brothers, Banana Republic, and Bonobos all used a nicer oxford cloth from my experience.  I have no plans to buy from Ratio again.
Maybe his shirt was made with a less wrinkled material. Or maybe he irons regularly. 
It wrinkles up more than any other shirt I have ever owned. Most of my shirts I hang dry and I can get away without ironing for everyday wear. I typically only iron if I am attending some sort of special event (formal, interview, date, etc.) and need to look especially crisp. With the Ratio blue windowpane, I iron it every time I wash it, and the shirt is still wrinkled to shit within a few hours of wear. Starching it might help, but I've never tried it.
It is the same shirt.  The pattern comes with the fabric .Maybe he gets it starched cause otherwise it wrinkles quite a bit
I have that blue windowpane and am pretty unhappy with it too for the same reason.Are they remaking it for you with a better fabric?
Yes, although I'm paying the difference. I think I'm going to go with the blue tattersall. 
I'm picking up dress shirts for a future interview now.  .I'd love it if somebody could link me a better source.
 you go, friend
Just make sure they fit. Honestly I've always found dress shirts to be very simple to pick up. Brooks brothers is having a 50% off sale. Just pick up a shirt thats not in an ass-ugly pattern, which should not be hard at all at BB, and that fits well. >.< is the link
Ask your sister? "Hey Sis I know you're busy with the wedding and everything but take a quick look at these pictures and give it to me straight: too dressy, not dressy enough, or nailed it?"
Your not giving us much to work with. If there was no dress code, then there is no reason to worry. Also, it's YOUR SISTER, so you can just ask her straight up.
I think it looks good
Your shoes don't fit. 
Lol, exactly what I thought when I clicked this thread. Send her a picture, even. You already took it, the hard work is behind you, OP.
What shoes are those?

Tons of guys with high insteps will have a bit of a V. Doesn't mean the shoe doesn't fit. If it stays on and is comfortable then a small V is fine. 
I agree with this but there are probably other shoes or lasts that won't do this, and unless you are the OP you don't know if it's causing discomfort. I just thought I'd throw it out there.
I have a high instep and also a pretty wide, short foot. These shoes are size 7 UK and they are the best fitting dress shoes I have owned. I also tried 7.5 and 8 of the same model and they were too big. So yes, they do fit..I would also like to add that I didn't know why you would say they didn't fit until I read .'s comment. Your original comment was not helpful at all, you should have said why you thought they didn't fit or asked whether they were comfortable.
is it comfortable? It's not about the length obviously, so a different shoe with a different last may be beneficial. Might be worth e-mailing a couple different shoe companies you like to see if they have any lasts that are deeper than others.
Unless you are the OP you won't know what experience he has with other shoes. .You didn't just throw it in there. If you were genuinely interested you would have just asked if the shoes were comfortable. 
I would have would I? Guess you've got the case all figured out whoever you are. Why don't you give yourself a pat on the back and have a beer to celebrate! :)
You're adorable
what time is the wedding, what does it say in regards to dress code on the invitation, where is it being held, blah blah blah
Dinnertime, but in Iceland so it will be bright anyway (midnight sun and all). Nothing about dress code on the invite and it is being held in a rented building surrounded by nature which you can easily see and access from inside.
yea, i think that's fine then
Hard for people from other cultures to comment.Even within the US there would be various answers depending on location  
Point taken :|
I would err on the more conservative side and wear a suit, just because you're a member of the family. At American weddings, oftentimes siblings will say a speech and offer a toast at the reception. In such case you'll be the center of attention (for a bit) and have to look sharper than regular guests.
The problem is I only own one suit, which is black. It's a very nice suit, but I just don't think it's appropriate.
 
thanks for the link
I may suggest shaving your head
Braid it in to cornrows, nef.
brilliant!
Go back a week, research reputable places in your area and go in and talk it over with a professional. .Whatever you do, don't wait until the night before and get advice off the internet. 
It's going to depend on what kind of job you're going for.  For certain forms of retail/workplaces with a pretty relaxed dress code/appearance policy, you could be fine..Personally, the first thing I would do is shave the chin guard.  
intership at a financial analyst firm...
Why didn't you ask much further in advance?
got the interview this morning. 
Go to Mr. L's, make sure you get Mr. L himself (he'll be the old guy). Tell him you have an interview tomorrow, he'll know what to do.
legit, i got the interview 4 hours ago. 
Sorry man, I'm just bitter over lost luggage and being stuck in the Middle East in the middle of Ramadan. Good luck tomorrow. 
we cool, good luck with your suitcase
Open up yelp, type in barber shop, find the one with the most reviews not necessarily the highest. Go there and explain your predicament to the barber and if he's willing to fit you in for a cut let him do whatever he thinks would look best.
the good news here is that my mom is a hair dresser and cuts my hair. I was just looking for style options. 
Make sure to highlight your experience working on such classic British comedies as The IT Crowd and The Mighty Boosh.
cut it
as in, shave it all, plus the hair on your chin. Probably the savest option for now
sorry if i wasnt clear, im just asking for style recommendations, my mother is a professional hair dresser and shes cutting it for me tonight. 
Ok, but typically, financial firms are highly conservative. Your hairtype doesn't seem to be suited for a sidepart or something similar. To be save, shaving it off for now is a good solution, then you can adjust to what your colleagues have.
Pics would help but I'm sure vans would probably be fine. 
So I totally wrote out an well thought out response, and then accidentally closed the tab without submitting it... but it was basically the following:.The model on the Levi's website for the 505 Commuters is wearing chucks, what do you think about them? They can be used and abused quite a bit, and will look even better than when new, if that's your thing..If they are the 511 Commuters, then I imagine they are cut very similar to the 511 jeans I am wearing, and I would feel more than comfortable wearing Vans Authentics. YMMV, of course.
Flyknits.
I would also say the new Nike frees are good too. 
Just tried on my nike free's with them and they don't look too bad! Only thing against them is that in the rain they are useless, but otherwise this is a new combo I'll be sporting.
Ahh dicks!.Yeah the 511 commuters - so yes the regular 511's or any jeans with a similar cut really, I should have just asked MFA what shoes they wear casually with these style jeans..I do have red chucks, the red on olive green is kind of cool and kind of terrible but the reason I don't really wear them is mostly because they don't fit my foot that well - they're too narrow..Looking in a poor excuse for a mirror just then, the vans really aren't too bad. I think maybe its my perspective from up top that makes it look funny.
Thanks for the reply chief
fist-bump.

If I didn't have to get to and from uni and be wondering all over campus all day then you better believe I'd be wearing my slippys
Yeah, I really didn't think the post through. Thanks for the reply anyhow.
No problem! You should post pics to a Outfit Feedback and Fit Check thread when you decide on an outfit. 
Why don't you write some information as to how you cut your hair or something useful rather than just pictures?
We found Edward Snowden!
Your hair is fine, it's your face that needs work.
I'd let you cut my hair ...
wasn't really paying attention to title and saw the pic and thought this is another post about Snowden. I seriously need some sleep.
what guards do you use throughout?
What lengths are you using on the sides/top/back? Also additional blending with scissors I presume? .And how do you keep your hair formed and locked in that "wave" shape?
What clippers do you use?
What product do you use?
Your fade between your 6 and 8 needs work. I can see "steps" at the upper sides going towards the back of the head. That is one of the hardest areas to cut and get a good fade.   With more practice you'll get more consistent..Not sure what your setup is but I've always used a large hanging mirror and also a fairly decent sized mirror as the second one.. mine is at least 3 feet high by 1.5.When you cut . Make sure you're in a light colored room with nothing in the background on the wall..especially dark posters or pictures.  The contrast on the light wall vs your darker hair will help you see the angles of your head so you can find where to keep cutting. 
what should i tell my barber if i want a similar haircut?
Could I just ask, what is this kinda haircut called? I want to get one like it but I don't know what to search up for reference pics. Can anyone help me?
Looks sharp and well styled. I'm jealous of all the money you get to save.
Nice try Edward Snowden!
Wow I really need to start learning how to cut my own hair.  Looks good btw.
SHOW ME YOUR WAYS.
This is really good! How you've cut your hair around the sides and back is how I want mine. Hairdressers are so useless sometimes. I know they try their best, but it's frustrating when you ask for one thing and they do it completely different.
Fabulous!
I wouldn't put that gap between the beard and hair, otherwise good job
Nice hair style. But if you want my opinion on something else, it seems you are slightly hunched on the last picture. If that was done in purpose, please stand up straight.  of the battle is won with how you carry yourself. .If its medical, then please ignore this message. But nice hair overall! 
I would leave your bangs longer. It allows you to do more with them, and it's still not difficult to work with. What product are you using?
OP inadvertently discovered his career path lol
Fuck, I wish I had hair.
Calm down there Rhett/Link (not sure but you get the point)
Can you cut my hair for free?
It seems you messed up by cutting a gap between your hair and your half beard thingy.

How long is the top? Is it possible to cut using a clipper? Or did you have to use scissors? I've been cutting my own hair for a while but the top definitely gives me trouble as I'm not as proficient at cutting with scissors as I am simply using clippers :].Side looks like a faded 3->2 or 5->3?
This looks just like my hair, beard and all. Except I have dark brown hair. I wasn't aware this style is popular. No one I've seen in public has it. So nice hair!
You look like Gordon Freeman.
You're doing better on your own than I with a barber..Face helps too..Cheers, mate.
When I got to the last photo, I was like, "Oh shit, OP has no hands!!" Upon further review, I'm assuming you do. Good job nonetheless,  with or without hands, my friend. 
You look like Adam Goldman from The Outs
Nice haircut!
I've recently started cutting my hair myself, in pretty much the same style although you seem to be much better at it. Well done. .Don't worry about the beard, mine grows in all white trashy like that too. 
I have the exact same pair of glasses as you
OP, how was it when you first started cutting your hair? Do you have any hair-cutting, barber background? .I've been trying to get into cutting my own hair, but I'm nervous. I just want to be able to clean up aides around the eat and slightly taper the back so I don't have the "duck tail" look going on.
Are the sides the same lengths? Do you cut it short up to different heights, part on one side but where on the other?
Holy shit bro, that's a legit haircut!!
Looks really good! Saved for the next time I get a haircut.
Cut looks good. I think you should shave that beard though if it won't connect. Looks quite silly.
I wish I had hair like yours. All I can do with mine is buzz it.
I think your beard's cheek line is too low. Grow a full beard, not cut it in a half.
I think it looks pretty great, and that's a great way to save a little money. Also, you're hella attractive.
Man, I'm jealous. I been cutting my own hair for a while, but it always turns out bad. What's your secret? 
Can you cut mine?
Not bad dude!
BTW you looks like Justin Timberlake and Topher Grace's love child :)
It's people like you who make me realize I have a beard 
It seems like my hair is pretty similar in texture to yours. What kind of product do you use to give it that type of hold?
will you cut my hair?
Looks good, but why do you cut your own hair? Seems like minimal savings for something that you could potentially mess up...
Buzz cuts also work for saving. And it's easy.
Show pictures. Allways 
I use #4#8 along the sides/back and #12 on the top. I can't figure out how to use scissors (since most of this is done by looking from a hand mirror into a bigger mirror), so the blending is done through painstaking switching of guard lengths and vehement cursing..I've got kind of a cowlick that makes the front of my hair go in that direction. Sometimes I use a little bit of ..
What do numbers stand for? Sorry  I'm from EU, so over here they denote millimeters..I also trim my hair myself. Lately I've been trying to emulate . Daniel Craig style since I have receding hairline (while being 24 y/o).
 is numbered 1 through 8..I have a set like that and also a 12, which is an inch and a half..I don't know how universal that system is. I'm not sure if a #2 in the U.S. would be exactly the same as a #2 somewhere in Europe..For that Daniel Craig style, I'd do a #8 all around, and then fade from a #2 to a #8. You can kind of see in that third photo where the lengths change..But I'm no expert on this. There are a lot of good tutorials out there on how to do cuts like these.
Most (non-professional) trimmers I've seen have one detachable comb but it's length from the blade can be adjusted by 3mm increments, maximum being 21 mm. 1 inch is about 2.5 mm.
Also hair looks good
Cool, you butchered a generic hipster haircut that 3/4ths of the children on this subreddit grasp to..Here's an idea: get a job like an adult and pay $20 for a proper haircut so you don't look like edward scissorhands gave you a scalp massage.
Can you give some better critique? Honest question. It sounds like you have some pretty strong opinions on hair, and I'd like to hear it. I actually did come here to see if I'm doing an OK job and see if people have suggestions on how I can improve. So where did I go wrong? What should I do differently? Is there a different style that would fit me better?.(I do have to add quickly that you've mistaken this style for something that's specific to hipsters or this subreddit. It is actually just a very common style in general. It's pretty much the default men's haircut for guys with hair like this. Short on the sides and longer on the top. It's been like that for decades and decades. I can't imagine how you haven't noticed that.)
Since you asked me a straight question i'll give you a straight answer..First off, before you even consider anyone's opinion you have to experiment to find out .. This isn't Starcraft where there's only 1 or 2 builds to go. Try yourself out with different facial hair or different glasses..As far as haircut goes, you've got a square shaped face(not an insult, people either have a square,heart or round face) and your glasses sort of accentuate your blockheadness and make your head look alot bigger than it actually is.. with hair a few inches longer than what you've got now. If you can't stomach long hair (I can't, im australian and the weather gives me an afro) try . or . 
Looks terrible on people with widows peaks. :(.It's pretty awful if you ride motorcycles, because it's pretty difficult to make your hair look nice after taking off a helmet. So if a buzz cut doesn't work, you're kind of screwed.
Get an edge-up.
What is that?
I have a slight widow's peak and I used to buzz my hair. I would take a razor and edge my hairline. I had to do it every couple of days but it looked fine. 
I have a pretty dramatic widows peak, I'm not sure that'd work for me because my whole hairline sort of curves out to the widow's peak.
When you get an edge-up, they use the clippers without a guard on your hairline to make it straight and flat, then an actual razor to finish it up. You have to maintain it yourself with any regular shaving razor, but it's a pretty bad ass look. I can't link you a good image cause I'm on my phone, so just letting you know if you google "fade with edge up" you'll get a lot of really ghetto looking people. But if done right and you wear MFA appropriate clothes it can look really sharp and tough.
Huh, I'll look into that, thanks!
Well, it looks like you cut your own hair. If this is the look you are going for, superb work! :) It has a kind of hipster feel to it.
Ohi ryan gosling
I'm skeptical. Let's see the back. If it's clean I shall knight you Sir Dapper As Fuck.
As a Barber.. Damn you!
i am digging this cut, you did really well and i think it really suits you! does this style have a name? :)
You look a little like Ryan Gosling!
Im jealous
[deleted]
....really?
lol
oh boy another hipster with a beard and typical haircut
Based on how he described his guards.. must likely a Wahl home cut kit
[deleted]
lol
Hair envy over here.
I also would like to know. I have a similar cut, never can get it like this ( except right after a shower).
Looking great no homo. that part is nice.
Does anyone give advice here anymore or is it all just personal posts fishing for compliments?
pretty much only the posts that are showing off get upvotes because of lurkers mindlessly upcoming shit to 
Advice follows: Downvote submissions you believe to not be relevant to the subreddit. If this post is relevant, then I see no reason for complaint. If you do want more advice, much like this but a bit less tongue and cheek, I would suggest you find one of the many other male fashion advice threads, such as, ., ., ., or ...I do apologize if I have offended you, this was only meant as a somewhat tongue and cheek response.
Didn't seem tongue and cheek. I don't think you're properly using that phrase... I do, however, appreciate your response, as typical as it seems to me. .To me, this post is as relevant as a single woman in a book club asking if anyone else is unhappy with their lives. Or maybe, a guy in a locker room committing to a circle jerk and asking if he should put more lube on his hand for the guy next to him. Obviously, if it's rough, apply more lube, if not, continue stroking.
Eh, I meant my response to be partly sarcastic and joking, however looking back on it I don't think I carried my tone as well as intended. I also wanted to make sure you knew I wasn't purposefully trying to be an ass..We could argue all day about whether or not this post is relevant, and frankly I don't care to do so.
Can you explain what you're saying here? What do the numbers mean?
As far as I know, the numbers represent the length of the hair. I Might be wrong though. 
The OP replied that he uses an 8 guard and a 6 guard on the sides and the top of his head.  8 and 6 are the sizes of the guards, normally going from 1 and up to at least 12 with Wahl..The smaller the number, the shorter the guard and cut.  Thus people can say, I get a 2 on the sides with an 8 on top and someone who cuts hair will generally know how they'd like their hair cut..In reference to OP - If you look at the last pic taken from further away, on the right side of his head, there is an un-eveness of the sides transitioning to the top of his head.
Ok, I see what you're saying now! Thanks.
you look like rhett
Are these before/after pics? I don't see any progression. 
Just pay for a fucking haircut. Don't cut your own hair. It's a very important part of your appearance and should be done by a professional. 
That's not an assessment of his appearance. That's a blanket statement. 
lol
Good eye, you're exactly right. The #6 and #8 is always where I have the most trouble. I usually try a #7 in between them, but it doesn't seem to fix it.
I just saw the pic you posted of the back of your head. You need to work on that..You're cheating the cut on the top of your head and leaving it longer than it should be bc you can't cut the back. Cutting the top shorter and reducing some of the volume will help with the steps..Also. Id actually discourage you using the 7 as it makes seeing the steps harder. .Using a larger second mirror vs a smaller handheld also helps..I've been cutting my own (and other people's) hair for almost 20 years. You'll get the hang of it.  And in the end.. it's just hair.. a few weeks and your mistakes go away. 
How should I do that back? I used to trim it in sort of a rounded clean line so that the neckline was almost as high as where that freckle is (if you look at that picture again). But any time I try to give any effort tidying up the back, it always ends up looking wrong. I also don't really want the top to be much shorter, but you're right about that making the back a little more difficult.
I wasn't referring to the neck out lines.. rather the length of the hair in the back. .Looking at it a little more closely it almost looks mohawk like.. With the center being the longest but tapering out shorter to the sides. That's what I suggest working on cutting to help with the steps you're getting. 
 
That's a pretty subtle widow's peak... Also, he has a nice shaped head that suits very short buzz cuts. I have a small stupid head, and look like a cancer patient when my hair is that short.
You look like a homo
Now we know where Edward Snowden is hiding. 
I was really bad at it when I started. I started cutting my own hair about two years ago. I wasn't trying very hard, though. I started looking up YouTube videos a few months ago and paying more attention to how I was doing it, and that helped me do an alright job. Now that I'm actually trying to get better at it, it's a little easier each time. Still takes me forever to cut my hair, but it's kind of enjoyable. I do it every other Sunday when I have time to spare.
Well enough to cut mine!
I try to fade it using a #4, #6, and #8 on the sides and back. I use a #12 (1.5'') on the top. I can't quite get the hang of using scissors, though.
Your first problem was being a hipster.  Your second was cutting your hair like one.
lol
[deleted]
lol
How do you style your cut? Which products? I recently had my barber do this a few week ago and have not been able to replicate the look, it just sort of falls flat or looks like hitler.
Were do I learn to cut my own hair? Sincerely the that wants that haircut
You did a damn good job 
well done on the sides.
Nice nice. Very well done, and very trendy
Better than any haircut I've ever had
I would rather see the back of your head to see if you were able to get that!
 would enjoy this. Great Job.
That wasn't nearly as bad as I was hoping for.
looks halfway decent, but how on earth do you do the back?
Seriously, how do u? 
Mirror in one hand and clippers in the other probably. 
haircut's fine, beard's terrible shave it 4 hours ago
I'll put it this way: I'd let you cut my hair.
How do you do it?
I want to get into cutting my own hair also, my dad has a pair of clippers. But I literally don't know what to use and how low the different guards will cut. I just want to give myself fades. Could you post a picture of your equipment that you use so I'd have an idea? Greatly appreciated! Thanks
I have some cheap Conair clipper set that I got at Walmart a couple years ago. .I started out with buzz cuts, then I eventually tried to do a fade kind of thing like this. I'm just now starting to feel like I can do something that doesn't look terrible. Just look up YouTube videos of how to cut hair. That will give you a good idea of what length the different guards will give you.
Aha! okay thanks man!
I've been using clippers to cut my own hair for years. people often tell me it looks great, and ask me who I go see.  I think the trick is to practice, ask friends if it looks presentable, and then rock it. 
How did you do layers and where do you stop before you reach your scalp?
I'm pretty bad at explaining this because I do it a different way each time..I use a cheap set of electric clippers that came with a bunch of guides. I use #4, #6, and #8 guides along the sides and back. I used a #12 along the top..I stopped right around where the part is. So it goes pretty abruptly from #8 to #12 right there, towards the front at least. But the line between #8 and #12 gets lower as it goes back..If you're looking to cut your own hair, there are a bunch of good YouTube videos on the topic, and there has been some good advice in this thread from . and .. Good luck!
How did you do the parting?
nice frames. care to link me to them if possible?
Thanks. 
Wow so cheap, now I just feel silly for the price of glasses I pay
nice!
Would never be able to tell that you did it on your own. Still, agree with the top comment, this shit is getting ridiculous.
Why hey there gordon freeman.
Your hair looks small.
I was expecting a shitty bowl-cut, only to find Gosling hair quality...
Any chance of posting a how-to video of your next cut? 
I would also like to see this. I cut my own hair and all I can manage is a buzz cut else I would totally fuck up my hair. 
If I am going to the barber what should I tell them to get this look?
It's called the hitler youth. No, really. 
's giving the type of advice I was looking for.
Show them the picture.  
'cuse me sir, I'd like an ol' Millionois please.
Since I started cutting my own hair, I've noticed that people don't really notice other people's hair. They just notice when it gets significantly shorter. That has also made me try less, so my haircuts have actually been getting worse. But I've found that if I just expand the part of me that just doesn't care, then I'm happy. (Trimming with scissors is fun... :)).Just give it a shot. My clippers cost as much as one haircut, so after the first time they already paid for themselves.
gtfo arthur darvill, we see through your disguise..looks excellent
Okay this is right up the alley of what I wanted to ask. Is there a guide on here on how to maintain your haircut? My hair grows ridiculously fast, and my haircut is a 2 on the sides and then no blend between that and the scissors on top. I use wax or pommade after blow drying and push it to the right..I love the way it looks when it's freshly cut, but within a week or two the sides have thickened back up and the top gets thick again as well.
Get a bald fade! :)
Going down the the 1 1/2 is probably a really good idea for you then. It keeps the cut fresher, longer. The 2 lets enough hairs through uncut to make for a quick turnaround. Getting down just that extra 1/16" makes a huge difference. And your hair growing fast is a blessing, not a curse. 
Thanks a lot for the suggestion. Yeah me and the stylist were trying to decide between the 1 and the 2, I didn't actually realize you could do a 1.5. The 1 showed too much 'pink' of my scalp, if that makes sense. And the 2 apparently just grows too fast, so I'll definitely try your suggestion next time..What would you do about the thickness on top? Is there any easy way for me to learn how to thin out my hair myself so I don't necessarily need a haircut every 3 weeks? 
I get a 1/2 on the sides and back now, still need a damn cut every 3-4 weeks!
If you are actually paying for a haircut, go to someone who does scissor-over-comb.  It might be a little bit more, but your hair will grow out far better than it does now.  
It really is the most frustrating, isn't it?
Look up point cutting and consider buying a pair of thinning shears. I always use my thinning shears in conjunction with the point cutting technique to take some weight out while also keeping the length.
Yeah, I'll consider it..The video would be about an hour long and mostly comprise of me looking at my head at a bunch of different angles using a hand mirror in my bathroom and saying "fuck" a lot as I try to even out the lines between different lengths..I've found videos of professional stylists a lot more helpful to me than videos of other people doing self-cuts. . is how I started to figure out how to cut my hair.
How do you do the back of your head without fucking up your hair? Do you use scissors or clippers?
I don't know about OP, but in my experience it's mostly practice. I've been cutting my own hair for years now, and I'm just now perfecting the back. 
I'd love to try but I'm afraid of messing up. And I don't have the head shape to pull off buzzing/being bald until it grows back.
Yep, like that. That's how I do the sides and the back. . It's not great. I gave up on trying to perfectly trim back there because it always ends up crooked..I need a girlfriend so that I can have someone do the back for me. And so that I can end this crippling loneliness.
If the back looked better you'd probably have no problem finding one. What a vicious cycle. 
I cut my own hair and fade from #1, #2, #3, to #4 on the sides and back. Then a #7 or #8 on top. I just use a hand mirror and a mirror on the wall and my head has the perfect shape where I can tell exactly where to stop and fade the clippers into the next length. I used to have my gf/wife trim the bottom line against my neck, but I can do it pretty well now so I don't even bother her.
Careful with that. I once asked my girlfriend to trim the fuzz from my neckline. She promptly proceeded to accidentally shave a trough up the back of my head. Let's say I wasn't amused.
That actually looks phenomenal. Well done man.
Please take the pictures from at least 7 feet away. Taking photos too close to your face distorts features, distorted features make it difficult to assess if the haircut fits. 
You look like Snowden
nice job.  do you also suffer from the beard-sideburn-gap?  
Dude, I didn't even know that was a real thing until now. I always thought it was weird that when I made players in 2K and whatnot, their beards never connected with their sideburns. .What I'm trying to say is that you guys aren't real and are 2K created players.
I don't have the gap, but there is an obvious separation between my blondish hair and my ginger beard. It's the reason I'll never have sideburns. 
What? This is a thing? I thought he cut it that way.
That's one of the keys to looking great. Make nature's fuck ups seem entirely intentional.
Good point. .EDIT: I just realized I could go ahead and put this in the original album.
Your haircut looks much better in this picture, and you have much more aesthetic facial features in this shot. .Hair looks good Bro. 
I'd ditch the stache 
If you ditch the stache, you would have to rework the entire facial hair. 
Yah a trim, but right now the stache doesn't connect to the rest
I'd have to disagree connects pretty well from my point of view.
It looks great.  Nice job.
Damn fine job sir
Damn bro. I'm sure the ladies (or men if you roll that way) are hollerin'.
this looks much better. aka stand at least 7 feet away from people. 
There's support out there for men like us. You should come to the meetings.
A good way to make it less noticeable (and in my opinion, more attractive) is to blend the side burns down to a 0. 
Don't feel bad - I suffer from the dreaded beard-mustache gap. 
My beard is completely full EXCEPT for the middle of my mustache. I'm like anti-Hitler.
You look really friendly, I hope that you're okay with that. 
yeah i already consider us fwb
this is great content let's upvote it to the frontpage
Yeah, now that this and the magician's style revolution to an the . suit reached ., self post only seems like a very attractive idea again. 
fuck I don't have time for this shit
let's play: . bingo
I didn't realize this would get much attention, and I honestly was just looking for feedback from people who know about hair. I'm gonna be using self-posts from here on out. I can see how this type of post gets annoying.
Don't worry about it. In fact, if you made a nice self post guide with lots of pictures, I'm sure many people would be grateful. My comment is more of a circlejerk thing because the idiots who upvote this compulsively don't even read the comments. 
It's not your fault.  This is just how reddit works.
lol
meh getting late, commented "lol" a bit and finna sleep
lol
Not as good as that guy who lost weight and put on a suit, that needed to be the top post on the sub.
brace yourself for . because it's a-comin'.edit lololololololololololol
Nah, it doesn't actually have a thumbnail picture, so clearly people will miss this one. Too much effort.
You're doing a very fine job. The blending between the 1 and 2 will get better with practice. One trick would be to angle your clippers at about 45 degrees while still flush to your head to avoid getting stepped lines between guards. And don't forget that you can adjust the blades with the lever on the side to make your 1 a 1 1/2 etc. They also sell additional guards between .5-2 to get really precise with it..And keep your blades oiled.  Clean your clippers every 4 or 5 cuts by unscrewing the bottom screw and use an old tooth brush to get the hair from between the blades and out of the motor compartment.  .Sincerely, your reddit-local male cosmetologist
Are you supposed to oil the blades before or after the cut? 
I think as long as they get oiled. if you do it after it's like doing it before the next one ;-)
What kind of oil do you use?
lol wut. how on earth did almost 50 people downvote this comment? 1/7! 
mine came with oil. I think it's mineral oil, but I really don't know.
thx
I guess I should also add that you can or should just go ahead and get the clippercide spray that disinfects and lubricates the blades. Def go that route imo.
Well, if I understand the question correctly I would say before. But I wouldn't do it right before because hair will actually be more likely to get caught in between the blades. Your clippers need consistent maintenance if you want them to last long, stay sharp and perform well. Also, when applying the oil, keep the clippers turned sideways and let the oil drip down through the teeth with a towel beneath them to catch any excess. Then use an old dry tooth brush to wipe away any further excess. So, technically you would clean and oil your clippers after a haircut so that it's clean and oiled before your next hair cut. Hope that helps.
The lady that cuts my hair oils the blades before.
Where are you supposed to place the oil when you oil them? In between the blades?
Yes, the oil will go between the teeth of the blades. You'll hear a noticeable difference in the hum of the clippers afterwards as well. 
Don't do this every time but just once to learn the different sound..After to having oiled them turn them on then drop a small amount of oil on the teeth, it will spread quickly and you will hear a noticeable difference in the sound..This is the sound you always want to hear, almost silent and smooth..But try not to run them without lube.
This is kind of random but what do your haircuts normally cost?
read: 'maybe the reason I don't like my haircuts is because I've been getting cheap ones.' 
$20 + $5 tip and I'll buy shampoo or some other product there for another $15 (they get a nice little kickback for selling product and I need it anyway). So about $40 every six weeks or so. Pretty affordable.
My hair can't handle their shampoo an I find if you tip <$10 at a cheap store they will treat you like royalty. So in the end, I get a $8 haircut (coupons) with a $15-20 tip. If you're friendly, they'll do as much as possible to make it cheaper.
Depends on the salon, location and how long it takes to do your hair, really. Some salons are going to be in the $20 range and upwards of $50+ depending on the experience of the operator. Either way you'll get what you pay for. There are a lot of variables but you should be able to get a really good cut for $25 if you do some research or if you book with an apprentice or wait til the salon you choose has specials or go in on a slow day. Salons will sometimes also hook you up with a great deal if it's your first time in and you book a future appointment. Don't be afraid to ask about specials. And don't forget to tip your stylist. They will or should remember you and take great care of you on subsequent visits. 
It's just called blade oil afaik. It keeps the blades lubricated. It usually comes with the clippers or should be in the same section at the store. Otherwise just Google what substitutes are applicable. 
Do you have any tips for Asian Male hair? The type that isn't textured, but instead grows straight outwards... My head is the same shape as OP's, but my hair is difficult to style.
You have no idea what I am now capable of doing with a blow dryer because of my goddamn porcupine quills people call hair.
Typically your hair is going to be up to 7x thicker than your European counterparts. I know your predicament first hand (although from behind the chair). You either have to keep it really short like between 1/16"-1/4" on the sides before it starts getting too bushy and unkempt looking am I right? The means addressing the sides of your head almost weekly I assume. .The good news is that you have the opportunity to get really good at cutting your own hair. Or you can let it get past this stage and wait for the length and weight of your hair around 1/2"-3/4" to allow you to style it using product. With an oblong face I would go the route of keeping it shorter. And by all means spend the money to get a decent pair of thinning shears with about 32 teeth to thin out between your 2 and 3 guard, and between your 3 and 4 guard etc; The money you spend on this one crucial tool will pay dividends for you especially..Also, between the 1 and 2 guard use a slight rocking (out) motion of the clippers to really blend the two levels. Keeping it tight around the ears is an easy way to stretch the time between mandatory cuts. And when you're working on the back of your head, practice without the clippers to acquaint yourself with looking through two mirrors. If you start feeling lost, shut your eyes for a second to think about where you need to get with the clippers without looking through any mirrors. It helps. 
As a white blonde who was somehow given asian hair (Thick as all hell and straight as can be) I can second this guys advice.  Sides have to be constantly trimmed because when it's short it'll grow straight out instead of along the contour of your head.  Also, you'll probably have to keep your hair up top longer than OP's to be able to actually style it back without it eventually sticking straight out/falling down after a few hours.
Hate to bother you dude, since I saw you've been up and down this thread a lot, but I'm a middle eastern guy with the knottiest hair you can imagine. It's flat and straight at about 1/2 an inch, but as soon as it gets past that, the curls and waves set in. I've got ramps and barrels of unmanageable hair. Combs do nothing. Gel looks tacky as hell. What can I do? Are there any hairstyles that would fit particularly well? 
Yo I have the same hair as you, to straighten it you have to use a blow dryer on high heat. When your hair is wet, have a comb in one hand and the dryer in the other, comb in the direction you want the hair to stay and move the dryer behind the comb. Do this section by section until its completely dry. Make sure to keep the dryer on high heat and very close to your hair, you should be able to feel your scalp get hot. Now is when you put product, American crew fiber works, it doesnt give any shine or a stiff look, garnier fructis pure clean finishing paste gives a very natural look and feel to your hair. 
It's tough to go off of just a description of your hair to try to recommend a style for you, honestly. You've got some options though I'm sure. Have you grown your hair out long? You could maybe comb your hair back and put a beanie on after your morning shower to try to train your hair to be less unruly. You could keep your hair short. I would honestly recommend going to a nice salon and asking a professional for their opinion. Consultations should be free at most places. I don't know what you mean by combs do nothing... maybe you need a better shampoo and conditioner, seriously. It may cost a little bit more than what you might be using but you want something that's pH balanced. Most shampoos on the market end up causing the problems that they say they solve you keep coming back for more of the "remedy". Sounds like you would like Redken Real Control. Or Redken Extreme. Get a good conditioner or even a leave in conditioner which can weigh your hair down enough to maybe help your ramps and barrels and un-comb-ability. Some times you just have to wait those awkward stages out before you can enjoy your hair... or chop it all off. Good luck!
Dude, you rock. I'll give this stuff a try, looks promising. I owe you one. 
NP, but remember the product is for finishing touches, the blow drying is the most important part, do it after conditioning and make sure whne your combing there is some tension in your hair.
I figured it was a long shot, but I'm desperate for a fix. Maybe you're right though, I've been using TREsemme just because it was cheap at Walmart. The salon's around here aren't any measure of quality, so I'll look around and see what I can find. Thanks for your recommendations! I haven't heard of Redken before, will take a look at that. 
I use Redken Go Clean and Finish Up. I also use Clean Brew cuz it looks like it's in a beer bottle lol and smells righteous. But depending on your actual hair type it sounds like you may get a lot of benefit from Real Control. I've seen it being sold at the salons inside of Wal-Mart so it should be relatively easy to find...
Mobil1
Come on, Rotella at the way.  Has those extra detergents.
Wow, thank you. Those are actually really good tips!
Any time. 
Do NOT use clippers.  If you can find someone who can does scissor-over-comb, this is going to be your best bet.  1) they will be able to get it a bit more even 2) scissor over comb grows out amazingly well.  If you're in the shop every four weeks getting cleaned up and miss a week, it is much more forgiving.  3) Most reputable shops will offer free neck and side cleanups in between your appointments..
If price is a factor, find the fancy ass place in your city or whatever large city you may live near.  Most places have programs where they have junior stylists who are still starting out.  Not that they are bad, but it just takes a while to book up.  And let's face it, someone else washing your hair is the fucking jam..
EDIT: Perhaps I should have prefaced this with that I too am a licensed cosmetologist and in my salon it is VERY rare anyone uses clippers.  Even down to the 1/16"-1/4" length.  It's a craft and someone who has been trained well will give you a great look with consistent results.  Perhaps I should have been wearing my Allen Edmonds when I gave the friendly advice. 
I don't know why you're getting downvoted because you make very valid points. However, as a licensed cosmetologist who got into the business because I got tired of cleaning up haircuts I got from reputable salons and stylists I have to disagree with your assessment of scissor over comb cuts when you get down to 1/16"-1/4" or the half guard to 2 guard range. There's no way to replicate that with shears or thinning shears. But once you get into the 3 guard and up you absolutely want to have some kind of thinning shears in the mix. Obviously having the right tools is a major bonus when cutting your own hair. .Take this man's advice and support a local apprentice at a major salon and enjoy the service and definitely enjoy the scalp massage. It's the bee's knees along with a hot towel treatment. 
Licensed cosmetologist here as well.  Everyone in my salon uses the SOC even for lengths down to 1/16."  And we tend to use point cutting technique to thinning shears.  Much better for growing hair out.
Obviously there's more than one way to skin a cat, brother. More power to you. I guess I should have prefaced it with IMHO.
He's getting downvoted because the OP explicitly stated that he is trying to get better at cutting his . hair.  WayneDaniels then posted a bunch of advice on how to get a good haircut from a stylist.  
Agreed.
Plus you've got to consider our audience. Clearly you and I would have a different conversation about techniques. But how many people would be able to SOC on themselves lol? I mean, I do but only with my thinning shears...
LISTEN TO THIS MAN. I never cleaned out or oiled my first clippers and they died significantly quicker than I was told they would. 
I think the point is that he wants to cut his own hair...
I scissor cut my own hair.
But you're right.
everyone in this fucking sub has the same haircut!!!! wtf!!?
I don't... >_>
It's funny because i basically cut my own hair just like OP 2 days ago.
I'm bald. What are you going to do now!
It's pretty obnoxious that no one on this sub can think for themselves in the slightest.
Yes, god forbid on a subreddit dedicated to suggesting clothing and grooming styles that are fashionable at any current given time that there may be some overlap. 
But its possible to not just adopt the exact style of everyone you see.
Keep the beard connected but "fade" it up with a low guard (like a 1/8inch if you like it low). I'm not a fan of the taper but you seem to have done pretty well, maybe just clean up the fade lines a bit. I like to run my hands over it to feel for the ridges, sometimes that helps. 
As a guy with this hair style and also a beard... I guiltily hand you upvote. 
I too, have a version of this haircut although quite a bit more stylized and am currently rocking a monster beard. I can't say that I mind the handshakes I get and the free drinks at bars. I may never shave again.
nothing wrong with the cut or style. I just think if most of the sub followers were in the same room we'd look similar lol
I watched the pictures and thought to myself.. nice cut. Saw your comment, realised i have the same cut. And i asked something "new" from the hairdresser.
Except for us balding men :(
Ha! I think you underestimate how awesome curls are. While the trend you see here is very popular at the moment, an just about anyone can do it, only a handful of us can do thick, luscious curls. And guess what? Girls love it. Embrace your curly side, and dare to be different.  
Oh no!!!! A lot of people have a very popular haircut, what are gonna do about it!!? 
Short on the sides long on top looks good on almost everyone and is very "in" right now.
To be honest, it's kinda always been in, only the volume and facial hair and sideburns have changed. It's the classic male style.
You're absolutely right. I've been getting a 'short back and sides' for thirty years from the same barber, my father was getting the same cut before that, and my grandfather before that. Hell, I even have photos of my great grandfather with the same style of cut, and he was born in the 1890s..The Great Wars and chemical weapons really killed facial hair in the West though, for almost 100 years. It's making a resurgence now, as it did in the 1960s and 1970s. I'd love for facial hair to come back to being as big as it was a couple of centuries ago. Variety is the spice of life after all.
What do the Great Wars and chemical weapons have to do with facial hair?
Gas masks
You can't wear a beard if you want your gas mask to save you from horrible gasses. 
As somebody with curly hair, I hate it.  Why can't I have cool hair like these men?!?!?
On the other hand, there's this haircut: 
As a 16 year ols with curly hair that has also  already started losing his hair.. Why cant i have cool hair like these men?!??!?
Depending on what kind of curly hair you got, you can always get inspired by King Krule or Adam Brody (if you don't have crazy curly hair) - Bob Dylan looked great with curly hair, I'm sure you do too.
uhhh you can have a fro, you have no room to complain
my curly hair rules and as insane as I think it looks, all the ladies claim to love it.  Gotta learn how to take care of it and get haircuts from people experienced with curly hair.  try thiswww.naturallycurly.com 
They are boring. Stick with what you've got brah.
Semi-long curly hair is the best. Let that shit grow 
[deleted]
I don't get it.  Are you implying that this sub is all about suits?
Nope, just tips that I've picked up and incorporated into how I dress/present myself. Not necessarily a suit, either. Just picked it as an example as you don't often think of the two going together..T'was all.
At least it's not half-curly and all-frizzy.
That's not natural curls dude. That's at least 45 minutes of styling with tongs. Having curls myself, I can tell you they don't even do what you want. No matter if it looks good or not, at least straight haired guys tell their hair to do something, and that's what its gon' do.
I've seen so many guys with natural curls with a cut similar to this one in Sweden. It requires very little styling and looks fantastic. It's basically a undercut with messy curly hair.
Fuck their hair! Learn to love your curly hair. I recently starting growing mine out (well, it has been over a year and it s fairly long) and women of all ages love my curls.
The thing is, I have really thick hair.  It's just so dense that when it gets long I look like a sheep, or a buffalo.  Both of which I've been called.  I usually just resort to keeping it short and tidy, but I'm sure I'll find a style that suits me with time.  I am still young after all.
If you're complaining about curly hair, then you're not doing it right. Girls love playing with that shit.
Plenty of curly haired guys have great hair. LeTigre has curly hair and he looks . 
Is he wearing a Makr backpack?  Looks like it!  
Yup, he is. Can't decide if I want to get one or if I'd rather save up and look for a Mismo one on sale.
As someone who was shaving his head due to male pattern baldness by 21, count your blessings..(Luckily I look fine -- no headlumps -- but the lack of options is a bit sad sometimes.)
Damn that sucks :(.I guess you've hit the skill-cap for cutting your own hair in that regard.
There's always the beard!... (same boat as you, shaven since I was 17)
And for those of us balding at 24 and unable to grow anything but a patchy, scraggly mess? What about us?
A big sharpie?
Before giving up all hope you can check out Redken's Intra Force system. It's a lot of science mumbo jumbo but it has or at least had a money back guarantee. It's supposed to open up follicles and encourage new growth. I'd post a link but IDK if that's frowned upon or not. 
Neither do I. Thank goodness for google because ill try anything lol
If it's dire then try the advanced system with the vials. My friends that use it swear by it.
There's a couple different levels of the treatment. There's one with vials of concentrated stuff that works in conjunction with  the shampoo and conditioner but of course they don't call it shampoo and conditioner rather- they call it shampoo, toner and scalp treatment. Then they have the micro boost and advanced home treatment. From what my friends have said they can feel the tingle and always beg me to go get more for them lol. Good luck! And I believe they still have the money back guarantee if you don't see results in 30-60 days or something. They've also got a styling product with all the amino acids in it called densifier. 
Get super buff and shave everything.
But you could have hair like . I am truly jealous of that.
Am I the only one that thinks that looks horrible?
more like this 
Yeah, it's awesome until the summer humidity kicks in. 

Or .Edit: I'd let Jon Snow mount me all over Westeros
So OP's exact haircut, just longer on top to account for curly hair? .Got it 

ah, always nice to have a reminder of what I'm really asking for when I say, "Got to make it through the awkward middle-length stage. Then it'll look cool."
Damn. Reminding me of my fate if I keep growing my hair again..
Looks Edward Scissorhands-y.  Besides if I grow it long it looks more like ..
hair doesnt style itself. you can have ALMOST any hair style you want if you learn how to style it correctly. For most hair styles the key is using a blow dryer and the right type of comb & product.
Nothing wrong with that.
you're lucky... mine looks like .... when it grows out too long.
There's a problem: you're not Bob Dylan. 
the problem is that he cares that he is not bob dylan
So . and fucking run with it. Work with what your momma gave you.
You think you have it bad? I'm Black and Mexican. My hair is like carpet.
Same here! It's a fucking pain dealing with these monster curls.
Fuck dude, I feel you. I get confused for Black and Mexican.
Blackerican reporting in, can confirm carpet hair
So do you just keep it short? 
I generally do what this guys does, buzzed sides, and a little more on top, but after a certain point it gets too unruly. It's also really hard to get it to look like it's not a Bush.
Isn't Miguel a Blaxican?
You'd just better not be fat
oh ya cuz that's soooo uncool./e haha 69 points
Those fingernails...
I've grown mine like that on one hand for guitar. Feels good, man.
Its for guitar, so you don't have to use a pick
Better picture 
It's a very versatile shoe, so pretty much anything casual IMO. I'd recommend against dark gray pants, but beyond that, feel free to go buck wild. 
literally everything but dark grey stuff 
If you want wear cargo shorts, wear cargo shorts, if you want to roll your pants up, roll your pants up, if you want to wear a fedora, do it with something that matches it.  .I think that rolling pants up looks ridiculous, but just because I will not do it, doesn't mean that others shouldn't.  If you want to wear cargo pants, go ahead, but do not put essentials in them, then go on a roller coaster.
Wait...so what are we supposed to wear?
I personally don't like them but I do own a couple pair because my girlfriend love them.
I see nothing wrong with 'em, but being a 6'4 amateur cyclist with thighs as big around as most women's waists, they don't fit me baggy at all. I'll never be able to squeeze my butt and legs into anything regular or relaxed cut made for my waste size, so it's either cargo shorts, or jeans for me.
No one's gotten a handjob in cargo shorts since 'Nam.
There isn't a issue with cargo shorts in general, there are several examples of fits were cargo shorts work. The issue with cargo shorts is centered around the fact that they often are poorly cut, flaring out outward from the hips and that overstuffed pockets ruin the silhouette of the shorts between your hips and knees. .Wearing slim fit, streamlined cargo shorts is no better or worse then similar cut chino shorts. It's only that finding a "right" pair of cargo shorts is much much harder. .There's a general discussion thread appearing today at noon EST and a Simple questions thread this evening that may bring a better audience for this question and any others. 
Cargo shorts really only make sense if you're working out doors, in a trade, as a janitor or traveling where the looser fit and the pockets are actually useful.
I wear cargo shorts, a fedora, and athletic t-shirts..I have been for years..Shit.
You answered your own question. Theres a social stigma attached to cargos. Theres nothing actually wrong with them, people just associate it with neckbeards and being lame, and dressing fashionable is all about being 'cool'.
[deleted]
Regardless of fit or whatever, there's simply a social stigma among college aged people against them. Unless you're actually using the shorts for a job or something (photographer), I don't see the point. Dressy/Cotton shorts are comfortable, colorful, and in style. 
What's wrong with Cargo shorts is that nobody's gotten a handjob in cargo shorts since 'nam.
I wear cargos almost daily.....These are the kind I wear, and they fit similarly to the model.  I'm 5'11" and relatively slim..And something new I'm trying out:.I pair them with a plaid button-up or a polo, or one of ., and flip-flops..I love how comfortable they are, how simple, and how I can carry all my stuff.
For me, it's about utility.  When it's hot enough to wear shorts, I want them to be lightweight and cool.  Cargo shorts have all that extra mass to carry around in the summer heat.  The only time cargo shorts are appropriate are if you are actually going to use the extra pockets (ie outdoors activities).
I think I hate 5 panel hats more than cargo shorts.
They are the official shorts of geeds.
REI quick dry cargo shorts FTW.  .it's hot as hell down here and i don't care what you think..i will never wear cotton shorts, ever again.
"No one's gotten a handjob in cargo shorts since Nam."
The real answer is that they typically are very baggy and go well past the knees. This doesn't follow the natural shape of your legs, therefore creating an awkward looking silhouette. 
Nothing's wrong with cargo shorts. You just gotta do it right.
My rush bro wore cargo shorts and made it in front of TFM...never again
They're pretty unflattering, and I've noticed that once they've been worn/washed a lot, the pocket flaps tend to get crumpled looking. Also no one's gotten a hand job in cargo shorts since 'Nam. Enforce the cargo embargo.
so.. . .i feel like they are a bit too long but still enjoy wearing them as i'm rather thick in the thighs but narrow at the knee.  I'm planning on doing some short shopping in a few weeks.  First pic is to show how they fit at the waist, not that I'm trying to get sexy for yas!
I think they look really good, but I've just found out I apparently have the fashion sense of a middle schooler. I personally like cargo shorts and pants, and the ones you're showing are not too long or baggy.
thanks, i'd like them to be an inch or so shorter but they are a tj max buy so it was a cheap grab for a work uniform a few years back.
Same here, I think they look good enough on . but apparently that's wrong, according to people here :)
Not everyone thinks that, but to be fair it is all about fashion. And if most people don't like it then it's not fashionable. At least we know we aren't alone in our taste for cargos, but now we know they're generally considered unfashionable.
Cargo anything just brings back middle school days to me. 
Velcro sandals, cargo shorts and a t-shirt with a "funny" or sarcastic saying on them generally all go together, and are one of the worst outfits possible. 
Cargo is when your shorts or pants have pockets on the leg ("pant")..They are usually unflattering.
Usually people wear them really baggy and low below the knee.  That makes one's legs look rather, I'll just say strange.  If you find a pair that fits well and isn't really baggy and pair it with a good shirt you have a perfectly fine outfit.  
Another question: when would be an ok time to wear them? Out of my entire wardrobe, I only own two cargo shorts. I have one I use at work (I'm a camp counselor) and another that is a nicer pair. My sister is staunchly against them all-together, but I think that my nicer ones are ok to wear if I'm just hanging out with friends or need to wear "nicer" shorts. Any suggestions? 
Why the Fuck do you need 7 or 8 pockets? Men do not hold enough shit for that, nor should they. You need; Keys, Wallet, and Phone that's it, maybe a good knife but that is it..No-one has been laid in shorts in 'Nam!
not all are bad, I have pairs I use for equipment installation they are functional. and if you dress your top smart enough it isnt all that bad.
[deleted]
lol #realtalk .LOLOLOL
You don't need that many pockets. What are you keeping in there, your bong?
I actually like cargo when they are done right such as .
*Watched the performance on tv and it looked better than in the pic
2nd pic, I got the same shorts (the orangy ones -- without cargo pockets, they DO look better.  
The key is that the pockets not be huge and poofy and stick out, because the poofy pockets generate an unflattering pear silhouette. This usually means there's nothing in those pockets, at which point you might as well be wearing regular shorts.
They look better with/without the cargo pocket, b/c I kind of prefer it with the cargo pocket. But dont get me wrong your shorts are nice too
I agree, except for the last statement. Cargo give a different look than regular shorts, a bit more rugged, in the same way of cargo pants vs chinos
Blue collar chic? I recognize that it's a fashion choice to look like a manual laborer (see carpenter pants) but not necessarily a good choice. It is a more rugged, functional look and good for hiking or physical activity I suppose but in those venues fashion is usually a secondary consideration.
What don't you like about 5 panel hats? .I find that, like cargo shorts, they can be done nicely.
I think it's because every 15 - 20 y.o. where I live wears them. It's a trend I won't miss when it goes away. 
Because all the skinny hipsters in MFA like to show off their pale little chicken legs, which is more difficult to do with cargo shorts.
show us your shorts/ legs


That's fine, no judgement on you as a person..Those items are definitely not in style though and you could easily dress "better" than that with a few changes. Whether or not that is an issue of any importance is up to you.
Generally speaking, plain-front chino shorts without pockets on the thighs will be a better choice.
strawman much?
[deleted]
Who do you imagine those people are?.On the contrary, most of the recommendations on MFA are for shorts in lighter weight fabric that hit an inch or two above the knee.  If you're wearing shorts to stay cool, then heavy, long cargo shorts are the worst option.
Nay for the reasons you mentioned - too long, look a bit baggy. You will probably feel uncomfortable in shorter shorts at first, but you'll eventually realise how much better they look.
for sure, i prefer them shorter as my legs are made for shorts like that. I'm just dealing with leftover clothes from the time when I had no sense of style. Thanks!
Look here's the deal with cargo shorts.  People hate them (myself included) because 99% of the time they look like shit paired with anything.  .And that's David Beckham who has a pretty good sense of style otherwise.  However, there are definitely cargo short variations that work very nicely like:.
.And those are just a couple of decent examples.  Basically cargo shorts that don't fit well and are too long just look plain terrible.  It's up to you to differentiate between the two.
David Beckham does not have a good sense of style, he has a good stylist.
You get the point of the picture, and I'd have to disagree since his stylist fucked up large in my example above.
I'm saying that that was back before he had a stylist. 
Aren't those second two camp shorts?
I believe camp shorts have the pockets on the front of the thigh versus the side.
They have cargo pockets and are therefore cargo shorts.  Doesn't have to be militaristic to be considered cargo shorts.  Either way, they look better than the crap kiddies wear from American Eagle/Hollister/Abercrombie & Fitch/etc.  In fact, most of the good looking cargo shorts come from Ralph Lauren and fishing/camping companies now that I think about it..Edit: But again its up to the buyer to differentiate between what is too avante garde or too campy because there is definitely an opposite end of the spectrum.
I like those! It's a little less "high school", a little more "crocodile hunter". Thanks for the link.
Okay so in picture one.....Why exactly do you think they look bad?  I've seen some people say "o, they mess up your outline between your hip and your knee."... and that is just terrible because... ?.I feel like I'm color blind; but not to color and instead it's pants.
Sorry, this one slipped by me.  They are too long for shorts, you don't want to be wearing capris.  The come out too far from the body; and they couldn't possibly go good with anything. I mean what kind of shoes do you wear?  Sneakers couldn't compliment those, sandals couldn't compliment those, etc..I could care less about the contours of close because I'm not a big European fit kind of dude but c'mon:
.
vs.

When I look at your links, I see guys in both picture that look near identical.  I really don't see much of a difference at all..Shoes?  I honestly think that most shoes look fine with either pair of shorts you linked to.  Why wouldn't sandals or sneakers go with those shorts?  .The thing that I'm not clear on is how people are viewing these as looking bad.  I look at them and I literally do not see what is wrong.  You've not really said . these things don't go together or don't go together which is the thing that has never really clicked.  .To be clear: I'm not saying you are wrong, but I don't understand what drives the decisions.  Whenever I ask questions like this, I get answers that always make me want to ask "but why is that a bad thing?"  For example, you said: .How do we determine that it is "too far" and what makes baggy clothing inherently bad?  
Look man, it's not exactly quantum physics.  I'm just here sharing what I think is cool and what isn't.  I'm not going to write you a dissertation on style because at this point it is obvious that you have a different form of style than me.  I don't like that look and most people I know also think the same thing.  Is it a social construct working subconsciously?  Maybe, I don't know.  Either way I'm not going to be goaded into a lengthy discussion on why cargo shorts from Aeropostale look bad.
Cargo shorts + band tees + slip-on Vans was pretty much my high school's uniform, if you were a guy. I never really had a problem with it.
This is pretty much all anyone wears where i'm from, but now its they are replacing the vans with sperrys which makes the whole thing look even worse. 
I am going to give the real talk barney style answer. I associate cargo shorts with crappy Abercrombie polos and flip flops and jager bombs. It's a bro thing that looks terrible and automatically makes me assume what kind of person you are. It shows little effort. 
You're getting downvoted, but I don't think it's entirely deserved. Cultural context is a big part or fashion, especially when you're talking about larger trends. For example, part of the reason fedoras are so hated is because they're so strongly associated with nerds.
I've lurked MFA forever, I have always been a fan of cargos because I live in South Florida, jeans are way to hot for July. All of the cargos I own are uni colored and as . has shown. I feel awkward in shorts that rise past the knee, is there any alternative? I have many questions and no time to ever ask them, any tip will help.
Used to rock the cargos on the daily. Friend finally convinced me to try some shorts that hit above the knee. They feel weird as fuck at first, and then one day you see yourself in the mirror and you're like holy shit, those look wayyyyyyyyy better. Trust me. It's worth it. Not to mention, the number of girls who have said "Hey" or "How's it going" has significantly improved since this switch. They really do look better man. 
Get some light-weight chinos or linen pants and give them high-cuffs.
When you said high cuffs...I wasn't expecting . high. Doesn't look that bad though.
It helps if you are muscular, wearing a nicely fitted and hemmed chambray shirt and posing in a rustic doorframe with a brooding expression.
Well yeah. That could make . look good. 
try hard
As someone who also lives in South FL I say leave the cargo's behind and adjust to above the knees. I felt super uncomfortable but I started with 11in then eventually went as low as 7in. Now it's weird as heck to wear shorts below my knees, plus you know how humid it is here and they are glorious for keeping me cool. You don't have to go crazy short just go with 9-10in which generally hit just right above your knees. The only thing MFA won't take away from me is my stance on flip flops.
Same for me, religious with baggy cargos. One summer made the switch and thought what the fuck was I doing all those dumb young years. Now I look at some of my friends and just shake the head.   .Besides being out of style, you cant wear cargos to any country club or respectable golf course. I've seen people get told to leave or change on the spot or hit the pro shop and buy something. 
Part of the the reason why you feel uncomfortable in shorts above the knee is because thats what you have been used to. I was felt really self-conscious the first few times I wore shorts above my knee, but I knew i like the way I looked better than my baggy, long cargo shorts so I put up with the feeling and eventually I got over it. Now I feel uncomfortable in those baggy long shorts. .There are much better shorts out there, for both heat and fashion, than those baggy cargo shorts. 
I am too old I guess - these look like capris pants to me.
They were jeans, I just rolled them up because it started getting warm.
I figure it's worth mentioning that the things that make cargo shorts bad from an MFA perspective are also the things that make them excellent for rock climbing attire: relaxed fit so you don't have to worry as you contort yourself into pretzels, pockets to hold minor items, and most importantly your knees are now protected..I had a pair of what I can only describe as cargo capris for a couple of years. Did I look absurd in them? Yes. Did I regret wearing them at the rock wall? Hell no..Edit: Just to be clear, I am only saying that I like/recommend cargo shorts for rock climbing. I wouldn't recommend them in most every-day contexts.
Right: cargo shorts when worn properly serve a purpose, mainly to add extra storage space and loose fit in situations that require those two things, e.g. rock climbing. Being a dad who has a minivan and is driving to his precious little snowflakes soccer game requires neither of those things. ergo, dads shouldn't be wearing cargo shorts for no reason. But then again these are probably the same dads who wear crew neck t-shirst under thick horizontal striped polos, so I imagine they don't much care about how they look.
Being a dad in just about any situation can require all kinds of kid-related paraphernalia.
Cargo shorts would be way too bulky under a harness imo.
It's not that terrible, actually. I ran a high ropes course at a summer camp last year, cargos were pretty much my go-to for shorts for twelve weeks straight. The pockets never got in the way, and they didn't get bulky and uncomfortable at all.
I only climb in cargo pants and I've never had any trouble. 
My harness usually misses the pockets on cargo shorts, so it shouldn't be any different from normal shorts I think. I haven't really worn such an outfit in a while, but I don't remember there being any problems like that.
Dads are the worst.
i really hope you aren't wearing cargo shorts right now
ask any teen, they'll tell you. 
don't tell me what to do
They really are. They like don't even care how they look.
Rethink your life, parents
But they work so well when you're picking strawberries!
DID YOU JUST ACCUSE ME OF STEALING STRAWBERRIES FROM THE PATCH
While they might be good for rock climbing, I doubt most of the men wearing cargo shorts are wearing them because of that. Most men I know who wear cargo shorts get out of breath looking at a staircase. 
Avid photographer here! For me, cargo shorts are all about the .. Heck, I can stick a water bottle in one of the pockets and leave my hands free for the camera.
Yeah I should specify I'm not advocating for them as an everyday item, I'm mainly saying that I think there's an appropriate time and place for them.
there is an appropriate time and place for most things. 
Reel talk guys Cargo Shorts are hitler's shrunken ballsack. The main reasons they look bad are that they don't adhere to the golden ratio OR the fibonacci sequence like more stylish or "slim fitting" clothing such as tank tops or friendship bracelets. Internet scientists have used maths to prove that if you wear cargo shorts girls are 30% more likely to friend zone you so hard your edition of Catan will start crying, draw a rageface comic and then explode. .I recommend Capri Shorts or Speedos combined with a bum bag (fanny pack) for a stylish alternative which doesn't compromise your ability to transport dank nugs.
troll harder
OP is the one trolling. 
Nahh there's lots of stuff that "doesn't follow the natural shape of whatever" and still looks cool, cargo shorts just usually look grubby as hell
There's nothing inherently wrong with cargo shorts in terms of what they do. They're pants and they cover your dick and ass when you go out on the street. If those are you're only requirements for pants then by all means wear them. That being said, in terms of fashion, they're very out of date and have been for a decade. .Current trends are such that clothes are much form fitting, cargo shorts are usually big, baggy and loose which are the opposite and therefore fashion no-no's. They're also been long associated with middle schoolers and other juvenile groups which adds to the stigma. So if you want to more in tune with current fashion and don't want to be associated with those groups then don't wear cargo shorts, if you don't care about any of that then continue using them as other than that they're just pants.
You could try summer weight chinos for pants. Shorts that hit above the knee are going to look a lot better. Trying new things can be a strange at first, but you get used to it.
Yeah if you think cargo shorts are the best option for a hot humid climate linen shorts would change your life forever.
Thanks! I'll look into them this week! 
Most cargo shorts look like .. The reason they are not highly regarded is that they are usually really baggy and fall way below the knee. This messes with your proportions and makes you look stumpy. Also, unless you have a job where you are required to carry a lot of stuff and can't use a bag there is no need for so many pockets. 
As someone who is 6' 3" with long legs, cargo shorts always used to hit just above the knee [happy face]. Now the shorts in stores end a couple inches up my thigh [sad face]..Any recommendations? I'm a 32 - 36. Tall sizes in my size, especially for shorts, are very hard to find. 
Skies out, thighs out!
I too have a similar problem. I've pretty much given up on finding non-cargo shorts that will fit me without showing a scandalous amount of thigh..Maybe it's just me, but I love cargo shorts. They allow for a nice breeze on my legs, and they have so many pockets to carry all of my things that I need for work (Two phones, radio, knife, wallet, second wallet, and keys). They will look like shit with any shirt with a collar, but cargo shorts and a t-shirt looks just fine.
Club Monaco's shorts are 10.5" inseam and they have cool designs and they're always running sales. 
Fit Pic? 
I would, but I'm currently bed/chair ridden after skewering my right foot with a sharp object the other day. I have to keep the weight off of it for a day or two.
show some thigh and own it.
Why don't you try 11 inch?
That's what she said. Zing..I will. It's not easy where I am (300 miles from the nearest store with 11 inch inseam shorts).
6'4 here.  I find I need a 10" or 11" inseam.  I grabbed some shorts from Nordstroms 1901 house brand that finish just above the knee - and a pair from John Varvatos Star that fit the same... also nordstroms.  Both on sale right now and both are 11"
I'll have to try them out. Unfortunately, my problems are exacerbated by the nearest Nordstroms being 300 miles away. In fact, there's only one department store within 150 miles..Hopefully they'll still be on sale in 5 weeks when I can get to a store to try them on. 
That sucks.  Nordstroms does offer free shipping and returns on all items.  So if you don't mind fronting the money for a few weeks you can buy them and then return if they don't work.
Hmm...I might have to try that. Thanks for the tip!
do you live in alaska?
Pretty much. Northern Michigan for the time being.
I'm sure those shorts look good, but have you tried a 9" inseam?
forgive my ignorance, but how can you determine the inseam? all pants I see at stores have the waist and length listed but the inseam can be pretty random... I find that while a 30 length is about right lengthwise, the inseam is always to short and I can't get them over my ass, whereas the inseam on 32 length is great but the legs bunch up a few inches at the end.
You're confusing inseam, rise, and length.  The inseam is the length of the legs, measured from the crotch seam down to the bottom of the hem, so that's 30" on the pair that fits well and 32" on the pair that's too long.  The rear rise is measured from the same crotch seam up to the top of the waistband.  It's not included in the tagged size, but some companies include it on the measurement charts on their website.  Rise differs by brand, model and cut, so you either need to try them on or find a full measurement chart for the exact pair you're looking at.
9" generally hits me 4 inches above my knee. By the time I sit down they're halfway up my thigh, unfortunately. 
i never understand why this is such an issue..sit down, let your shorts ride up your leg a little bit. what's the harm?
I hate that feeling when the hem gets tight. I guess I'm just not used to it.
You could try 11" 
He could blind people with his magnificent thighs?
Think you have some terms confused..inseam = length
Upon doing some research, I found that it's the 'Rise' that is too short (distance from crotch to top). I got confused when people were referring to 9 or 11 inch inseams, when evidently they meant a 9 inch rise (unless these are for a very, very small person)
No, they actually are talking about inseams. We're talking about shorts here so common inseams are anywhere from 5" to 11".
all shorts I've seen have been labeled as if they were pants... so for instance, the shorts I'm wearing right now were labeled as 36x32..But I guess that does make sense. 9" and 11" are common measurements for rise though, too.
Really? I've never seen shorts labeled like that. They always just have the waist size and no inseam measurement. What brand? Makes absolutely no sense to list a pants size inseam on shorts. I mean what would be the point of that?
um... George/Walmart brand? I agree it makes no sense, and you're kinda stuck with whatever length they decide to give you
I've never seen anything like that, and it wouldn't even make sense.  What brand are they?
Meh, I have a few for hiking, but I've pretty much ditched them as casual wear. I've just been making do exposing a little more thigh..As others mentioned, you can find decent looking shorts that are longer, and even some that have more breathing room. You just have to know where to look.
That doesn't have to be a bad thing. Shorter shorts can look great. The most important thing is to be confident in them. I wear shorts with 5"-7" inseams, and I love the way they look and feel. Once you get used to it you'll never want the long shorts again. Get those good looking thighs out in the sun.
Not my thing. I actually own a pair with 7.5" inseams. I tried really hard to like them, but it's just not my thing.
New solution, just shave your legs and look fabulous.
Well my girlfriend isn't a fan of body hair so.....Who am I kidding, I need that leg hair. I don't have much body fat; I need something to keep me warm in the winter.
Just show your legs, hair and all. 
I think I'll need to eliminate this massive tan line before I'm that bold. I call it the Melaniron Curtain.
I promise you this: it will grow back.
breh how you think you're gonna get rid of that tan line. sky's out thighs out amirite?
This guy. This guy gets it. 
tl;dr thread, cargo shorts are ok for some fits if they aren't super long and super baggy with enormous pockets.  
Cargo shorts are about how much cargo you can carry. 
Whatever, some of us want to own more than one kind of short pants.  Well fitted cargo pants definitely have a place in the wardrobe of anyone how does and kind of outdoor activities in the summer.
the real reason isn't that they don't follow the natural lines of your leg or whatever, its just that they are out of fashion. slim is super in in most cases and most cargo shorts aren't slim and are too long, like bootcut jeans they will again have their day, but that day is awhile off
That is the same thing as them not following the lines of your leg.
not exactly. the following the lines of your leg thing implies that a slim fit is inherently "more fashionable" than a baggy fit, which is incorrect
Even if you're fat?
It doesn't matter if you're overweight or not because as you increase your waist size, the opening of the shorts increase as well.
You aren't going to want to wear skinny stuff obviously, but you don't want baggy crap either.  Something that fits will be more flattering.  Just don't wear something so small your gut hangs over it.  
I wish more people would "get" this. Styles come and go - it's not because it doesn't fit into the "uniform" or whatever. You could say the same thing about "Why don't people wear boot cut jeans with square tipped black dress shoes". They're out of style.
yes. baggy clothing doesn't "hide" fat or anything, if anything it exacerbates it visually. a slim fit in this case doesn't mean skinny, it just means that things fit close-ish to the body. If you're interested in how clothes should fit the link in the sidebar titled "How Clothes Should Fit" is super helpful and informative. 
Having lost a good deal of weight and looking back, it's laughable the number of times I though "if I wear this baggy piece of clothing, no one will be able to tell that I'm fat."
Right, the cargo pockets aren't what makes cargo shorts out of style, it's just the length and width. Baggy shorts aren't cool yo. Shorts that fit closer and happen to have pockets are cool too. .A few examples of well fitting cargo shorts:
Me gusto cuatro..Edit: My spanish sucks.
God damn would it kill these models to lift some weights twice a week?
Where do I buy the first one?
sorry, Idk man, i just found it in a shorts inspiration album. i'd check out h&m tho.
if you find out I want to know
I know you want me.You know I want'cha.x2
All of those would be skin tight on my quads and hams.  .Cargo shorts are the only shorts I've found that actually fit my legs.  One day fashion will be designed for the swole......
What is up with that last guy's leg
Sorry are you saying I should wear skinny jeans? 
Still don't care for the look, even when they are slimmed out.
A mi no me gust cuatro. Uno y tres estn geniales.
Prefiero dos pero sin bolsillos.
Numbers one, three, and four don't even look like cargo shorts at all to me.
Cargo shorts are just shorts that have extra pockets for extra cargo. Location of the pockets doesn't really matter.
How do we determine when it is "extra?"  I mean, I need at least 3 pockets and I loathe putting anything in my back pockets.  So a lower side pocket is reallllllly nice in my eyes.  
I just meant extra to mean anything that's outside the two front and two back. 
Not sure I agree. I think cargo pants/shorts implies the thigh location for pockets.
I like myself four?
me gusta quatro.
Shit, I always fuck up that syntax. My spanish is horrible.
FYI it's spelled "Cuatro" with a C.
Fuck! That's it. I kept on staring at the fourth one for like 5 minutes and I knew something looked weird but I couldn't put my finger on it.
It's fine, just pointing it out. :P
didn't even notice my mistake -.- 
Just a friendly reminder. I know Spanish can be hard.
You can't correct someone if you can't get it right.

Top Thread QEDH- Que Est Diciendo Hoy?
Como se dice Clark's Desert Boots?
el salvador
There's a television crew here from ABC.Filming Rio Lempa and the refugees.Calling murdered children the 'tragedy' .of El Salvador 
I can't help thinking on all of these examples, that while they look good the look would be improved by replacing them with chino shorts in a similar colour/fit.
But it's so hot outside
Eh?
And I can't help but think the same thing about hoodies, cardigans, crotch-drop, and deep v-necks - yet those get a pass around here all the time even when they don't fit the outfit..The thing is, I carry enough stuff at times, that a normal pair of shorts will look ridiculous compared to a pair of slim cargos.  No, I don't overstuff individual pockets.  But I do EDC a grown ups wallet, keys, smartphone, earbuds, pocket knife, flashlight, lighter, id badge (that goes in a pocket when leaving site), hip notebook & pen, and handkerchief.
Perhaps, when going to work, you should just bring a bag/briefcase with you? And I don't know your lifestyle, but while not at work, is the flashlight, badge, hip notebook/pen, and handkerchief . necessary?.I'm honestly curious how you could fit all of that on your person without having bulges all over the place.
Does your smartphone not have a flashlight app?
In that case you want cargo shorts for function/work, which no one in this thread is really saying there is a problem with wearing cargo shorts to; carry on as you are.  IMO deep Vs and drop-crotches both look awful in 95% of cases, the latter because it messes up your proportions so should not be worn unless this is the intention.
lol why the fuck do you carry all that shit? i assume the ID badge is for work but the rest of it... a hip notebook & pen? really? a flashlight? a pocketknife? Are you planning on wandering through the woods at night? and to top it all off a handkerchief in case you see some girl crying on the subway, right? how often do you actually use all that shit you bring? doesn't your smartphone include a flashlight and notebook & pen? Ditch that shit. there's an app for that.
I've already answered all those questions, but again:.I work hours that start or end at night in dark hazardous areas, .my work requires reading tiny script on equipment in dark racks, .phone is not allowed in those areas, .handkerchief is for wiping off hands, etc., after crawling in racks,.notebook/pen for recording serial/model/inventory numbers while in the racks, .I use it EVERY. DAY.  Hence the "edc."  But I guess you had to get your little bit of hivemind satisfaction there...
I do carry a bag to work.  The bag carries a laptop, full size (paper) notebook, lunch, alternative site badges, multi-tool, MTG cards, etc..The stuff I listed is my pocket edc.  Why is that so hard to believe?  Head on over to . if you don't believe people edc that and more, and I do it while still dressing well.
i really don't understand.do you need your flashlight and notebook at all times? can't you leave them in a bag or at your desk?.my pockets bulge just with phone, keys and wallet
Oh, I believe you fit everything. I also believe that you can dress well while fitting everything. However, I seriously have trouble believing that you can carry around all that stuff while being comfortable and not having unsightly bulges all over your clothes. Perhaps a bigger bag is in order? .Do you frequently wear jackets/blazers? I suppose you could fit a lot of stuff into a jacket. What's the dress code at your job? I'm just struggling to imagine fitting all of that successfully into a pair of chinos..I'm not trying to call you out or say I don't believe you--you would obviously know better than I would about your edc. I'm more just curious than anything.
todays chino layout (specific items can change daily):.F/L: keys (fob+housekey only), Fenix LD10 (pocket clipped), handkerchief (small 8"x8" from bonobos), Bic mini lighter..F/R: Galaxy S3, Kersaw Chive (pocket clipped), space pen..R/L: wallet.R/R: ., earbuds..I'm completely comfortable.  Clips are visible - which much of mfa would probably dislike, but it makes the knife and flashlight fit comfortably without interfering with items lower in the pocket.  Only thing that . pass as a bulge is my wallet, which I've been looking for years for the perfect replacement, but it's not a Costanza by any stretch.  One can also . when I have the s3 in my pocket, but since it lays flat and slim without interference with the other items, doesn't constitute a bulge.  Currently shopping for a smaller one though..Everything else you would be hard pressed to even know I had.  It helps that all my cars have integrated fob/key and I only need my housekey. .Dress code is tie-optional business casual, no denim/cargo/polo/shorts allowed, no dress down days..Bag is an all black standard sized Timbuk2 messenger, which doesn't really match my current love affair with leather.  Carries laptop, letter sized notebook, MTG cards (haven't played in over a year, but I always have some), aspirin/tylenol, extra pens, leatherman, lunch and thermos, etc..I wear jackets/blazers regularly in the winter/fall (keys, lighter, handkerchief get offloaded there when available but that's because they belong there and not because of comfort or fit).  Can't bring myself to wear that in the spring/summer..I've found that carrying a pocket knife, flashlight, notebook, and phone is an absolute requirement for my schedule/work/play/lifestyle.  Despite that, I've whittled it down to the smallest most dependable items I could find.  I could almost ditch the lighter, earbuds, and handkerchief as they are rarely used but when I don't have them I want them..On the summer weekends, when I dare to wear my "ghastly" slim fit above-the-knee cargo shorts, the wallet and phone each get their own cargo pocket.  But otherwise, layout is the same 95% of the time.
Thanks so much for the detailed reply! I appreciate how in-depth you got. I guess I hate things in my back pockets, but if that works for you, more power to you!.And regarding the ghastliness of slim, above-the-knee cargo shorts, I think there were a good number of comments that voiced support for them. Again, not my personal style, but I think they totally work.
I respond well to reasonable questions and genuine interest even when opinions differ..But, ., do I love me the occasional flame war!

How do you like the Chive?
I love it.  One handed operation and it's extremely non tacti-cool for office friendly carry.  Small, yet not too small, and very non threatening without any "evil black." This one was a gift from a friend I am tutoring. He got it as a promo from snap-on and it has "snap-on" engraved, which helps when explaining that it's just a tool.
I need a flashlight because my hours require me to walk through dark areas, my job requires me to read . little letters on the back of equipment in dark racks, and it's infinitely useful when the vice principal of my daughters high school trips over the new unpainted speedbump in the dark parking lot and I have to administer first aid after the faceplant..Notebook is for recording things I find while using the flashlight.

What you wear for work is unrelated to fashion. If you have that much crap in your cargo pockets every day though they probably flair out and look like shit. 
Well, you're wrong - and I guarantee I wear  clothes better than you, from looking at your posts..Edit: both at work and play, just to be clear.  Seriously, claiming what you wear for work is unrelated to fashion... grow up kid.
Perhaps you can post some pics to demonstrate.
el salvador
I'm with ramseames on this.  I find keys and an iphone to make my pockets bulge more than I like.  With all that shit you carry I'm sure you look like a mess even if you don't realize it.
Yeah, I carry a bag, because I hate how my pockets bulge when I'm wearing slimmer pants.
If keys and an iphone make your clothes not fit, you're doing it wrong.
Oh my clothes still fit.  It's just obvious from the rectangle shape that I have a phone in my pocket.  Same with the keys - and there is a bottle opener along with the fob and key.
you can check my past posts - can't take pictures here..But I'm currently wearing wolverine 1000 mile boots, smartwool socks, bonobos khakis, full grain leather belt with hand made double bar buckle, an olive double breast pocket "OCBD", and carrying everything I listed with the addition of old school raybans and have zero pocket bulge.  More than willing to post photo after getting home.
lol
talk shit post fit.
[deleted]
So I agreed with you for most of your posts and I think you make a good argument but you really devalue your own opinions by constantly saying things like "kiddo".Treating others like children isn't a sign of maturity. As a teacher, that only instantly reminds me of seniors/juniors trying to feel superior to the freshmen. 
All i said was if you carry all your tacticool gear around with you in your pockets they probably bulge out a lot, because that's a lot of stuff.
Ain't nothing tacti"cool" about my edc, and it's all quality items that you . about owning, kiddo

Dude, I don't care who is right here, but calling people "kiddo" and saying "grow up kid" is not going to make anyone listen to you.  In fact, it's just going to piss everyone off, and make . look like the immature one.
You're not wrong, you just sound like an asshole... let's be serious, even though we are on a fashion forum, nobody really wears clothes absolutely better than anybody else.  We just achieve the aesthetic that we are looking for better than other people seeking a similar aesthetic.  Really, fashion is, in a sense, pointless, yet we create the value that we seek in it.  Don't spoil it for others. Don't go around saying "I wear it better than you" because, no, you don't, nobody really does wear anything better than others... now, I hate when the . comments hate on us for caring about clothes, but the value of fashion is your own.  Everybody sees everything differently, so stop speaking in absolutes, and don't talk like you're superior to anybody because you aren't, and I'm not either, but at least I'm not an asshole.
Then you need to go back and re-read who was slinging wardrobe insults first.  My wardrobe is ., ftr.

I'm wearing Bonobos chinos right now and I get pocket bulge from an iphone and a key fob with one key on it - both being held in different pockets.  I'm calling bullshit on your zero pocket bulge..You are wearing the MFA uniform with zero variation.  How impressive.
Wrong.

Why? 
Because the pockets add nothing to the fit. Unless there's a good reason for them to be there, they don't need to be there. All of these are essentially normal slim outfits with normal short replaced by cargo shorts.
I'm genuinely curious about this question and am in no way trying to be sarcastic: I have... Athletic thighs. 514s that fit at the waist and length are pretty fitting across the thigh. If I want to put my wallet, phone and keys in my pockets, where do I put them? Most Chino shorts I've purchased don't have real back pockets, and putting keys and phone in the same pocket is asking for screen scratches. So for me the utility of well-fitting cargos is the extra pocket space. .Edit, let's say you cut out wallet from this question, my phone still makes a huge rectangle across my thigh. 
Best justification for man-bags. I wear baggy clothes to fit my shit in ( spending a whole day somewhere, gotta have places to put the necessities). If I wear anything fitted and fashionable I'm forced to carry a bag.
I can get all my stuff in the  jcrew stantons. Wallet and phone in their own back pocket, keys and smokes in their own front pocket. I'll put the smokes and phone in a bag if I've got one, but if not, I'm still good to go.
I'm not the right person to ask about this unfortunately. Right now I'm using a pretty old phone so I don't care about leaving keys with them, and I don't like putting wallet and keys together either. I guess I probably wouldn't care once I get a new phone either..As for the outline of the phone on the thigh, I only suffer that problem with tighter pants or pants with smaller pockets... I would say trust your own judgment though. If you think cargo shorts look good with a fit then by all means go ahead. I would check the market for some inbetween though. 
Do you mean like a messenger bag? I feel as though a messenger bag would be unnecessarily bulky for just carrying a few essentials, and that a "man purse" or "satchel" or whatever those much smaller bags are called are just as unfashionable as poorly fitting cargo shorts. 
Yeah messenger bag. Some small backpacks look decent but typically better with fall clothes. If I'm going to be spending the entire day out and about there's no way I'm fitting my cellphone, wallet, smokes, lighter, keys, and potentially cologne and deoderant if I know the night may take me somewhere and i may not be back to my car/house in the near future. Even without the emergency overnight goods, there's no way I'm fitting all of that in my pockets, especially if I'm dressing decent. And even moreso that slim is in. I think a nice bag (mine was a durable , rather small french exchange bag that lasted 3 years) would look better than most cargo shorts, or anything with large pockets, would. Because frankly you can leave a bag under the table or in a coat room, but pockets? You're stuck with them. 
Yeah messenger bag. Some small backpacks look decent but typically better with fall clothes. If I'm going to be spending the entire day out and about there's no way I'm fitting my cellphone, wallet, smokes, lighter, keys, and potentially cologne and deoderant if I know the night may take me somewhere and i may not be back to my car/house in the near future. Even without the emergency overnight goods, there's no way I'm fitting all of that in my pockets, especially if I'm dressing decent. And even moreso that slim is in. I think a nice bag (mine was a durable , rather small french exchange bag that lasted 3 years) would look better than most cargo shorts, or anything with large pockets, would. Because frankly you can leave a bag under the table or in a coat room, but pockets? You're stuck with them. 
That's fair, I guess I'm rarely comfortable leaving my stuff around in a situation where I care deeply about the pockets vs. no pockets debate haha. Thanks for the opinion though, appreciated.

I like the visual interest the pockets add.
Then the shorts should be very particular about the pocket itself. Like it could be a different fabric than the rest of the short.
I think the pocket itself usually adds enough for me without going over the top although a contrast fabric could be cool too.
I like to store my Pokemon cards in there.
I have a box turtle I take on adventures.
"I dress better than you, therefore my opinions are more valid than yours" is the laziest kind of ad-hominem rebuttal ever. Too tired of . refuting someone's intellectual argument? Tell them they dress like shit!
yet it was precluded by the initial ad hominiem of "if you carry all that crap" line of bullshit.  I . how I've hit the button of all the EDC haters.  It lets me know exactly who the children to be ignored are.
That line isn't really an ad hominem, dude. It's just a rather forceful semi-profane way of describing .. It's not an attack on a person but rather a critique (and not even a harsh one, in my opinion) of a practice..Why are you inferring from your responses that you're running into EDC haters? Now that's a leap of logic. And is it really necessary to dismiss the people criticizing your argument as "children"?
You apparently don't kknow what an "ad-hominem" is, and in the next breath admit it is a "semi-profane" statement - and in the . breath say it isn't harsh....Righto.  People who argue like children get labeled children.

Is "EDC Hater" an actual thing people imagine exists in the world?."I just get so . when people carry flashlights"
yep, and you're clearly in that category.

Check your priv bro, some of us need a knife every second of every day and we are persecuted by people like you. And the media.

that's just, like, your opinion, man
Are you supposed to start this quote with "yeah, well"?
Correct, I never purported it to be anything else.
no i know, not saying you're wrong or stupid or anything
But . quoted the Big Lebowski, thus making him the internet victor. 
You're not wrong...you're just an asshole. 
Sleeker look. To an extent I take back what I said but I think its more that the guys are pretty attractive/well photographed, and the outfits generally are pretty good (bar the fourth IMO). I'd be interested to see what kind of feedback someone wearing the same outfit but with a skinny/fat build would get on here.
if you're fat you have to dress like you're fat and shorts aren't going to do you favors no matter what style you rock. If you're thin just get narrower fitting shorts. If you're worried about these dudes handsome faces clouding your judgement just throw a thumb up in front of your screen and see how it changes the impression..Personally I think they look just as good, with the exception of the hat in the first pic. If he wasn't asian he couldn't rock that look.
Asian? I thought that was Johnny Depp
what if the goal of what they're wearing isn't to look sleek though?
Then carry on. I'm stating a personal preference, not a rule carved in stone. 
Not all cargo shorts but usually loose-fitting cotton khaki ones with huge pockets. Paired with a tee and vans they're usually going to look bad..That being said there's a lot of cargo shorts that work with a techwear and/or military aesthetic (Stone Island, Acronym, wtaps, nike, white mountaineering, etc) because of the functional nature, pattern, fabric, and so on. Cargo shorts are also more common in a gothninja aesthetic (see . and his fucked with Julius pants), which look pretty good in a lot of situations imo. .What it comes down to is the context in which a piece is worn (in addition to material, fit, pattern, etc), not the piece itself; not all cargo shorts are bad, but the way they're worn in a lot of situations is pretty terrible. You mentioned the "neckbeard uniform," in which you included fedoras and MLP tees, which is kind of the point. If cargos were worn with something that fit with them, they wouldn't look half as bad, but they're being worn in a context that doesn't suit them at all.
Also I'd like to add that in a hot utilitarian environment cargo shorts are absolutely indispensable. They're not very classy wear unless done right, but my black, slightly paint splattered and nearly ripped cargos can hold a veritable tool chest of things. 
Very true. I don't wear cargo shorts often but I have one pair that I love. They're a salmon-pink color. Paired with a white or blue polo and my faded red/blue/grey sperrys. Always get compliments on those shorts
that sounds awful
meh, if you are athletic enough and wear a button down, . its a fine look.  I have huge thighs large calfs and a big dick, I feel weird in slim shorts (and pants) 
"Classy"
It's late. You understand what I mean I hope?
Classy = Wearable with a fedora?
Poor word choice, but he has a point. I am a gardener, if I garden without my cargo shorts then I feel naked. They are functionally sound but typically lack in aesthetic appeal. 
But this is a fashion board not a function board. Obviously there are going to be problems that arise when you need something for a reason other than looking good. Compromises will have to be made.
If we're going by the old fashioned fedora worn with an italian suit one might refer to . as classy. But if we are referring to the classic neckbeard attire in a way of attempting to connect me to an undesirable and oft maligned branch of society, no. 
I don't think anyone has a problem with someone who needs cargo shorts for their job wearing cargo shorts. 
I did not mention oppression of cargo shorts. .I rephrased the one guy who said 'classy'. 
Well, that is, if you're not on a skateboard/bmx/29er/MTB or in my case a SS..Come to think of it my only pair of cargos are covered in paint and grease stains (they're my dirty work shorts), but I do like them if I go for a ride.
Working and getting dirty is exactly the time to wear cargo shorts. Athletic activity generally requires that function and comfort greatly outweigh aesthetics. Of course, comfort and function are always important, but they should be in harmony with aesthetics normally. Or so feels one schlub who cast off the cargos. 
Compliments =/= look good. People compliment them because they are the only part of your outfit that really stands out. Also, you have to think about who the compliments are coming from. If you want to impress 20-somethings, but your compliments come from AARP members, you're obviously wearing the wrong thing. 
not always. 
Yes. If someone compliments something, it's probably good. However, if the piece is outlandish merely for the sake of being out there, it's probably not as intended. 
fair enough
I'm actually realizing that I'd totally wear the Boy Scouts shorts I thought were way too short back in the day.  IIR the pockets were pretty slim to the leg and not the more functional versions of the "bad" style today.  I don't recall how close the legs were cut though.  
The new style of Scout shorts is awful. Sure, they dry better, but other than that they are less durable, cargo-style, and bunch up in all the wrong places..I know the old canvas green ones varied on leg length depending on how old/new they were, but I'm think the 80s/90s was pretty prime time to be buying them..Aside from the brass fleur-de-lis button and the small thigh pockets, they are some great shorts. I've always wanted to cut apart a pair that fits and make a pattern, adjust it for fit, and have some of the most comfortable and decently fashionable shorts I've ever owned in whatever color/fabric I desire. Until then, eBay..edit: It's pretty awesome to know I'm not the only one who appreciates Scout shorts.
Probably what made those shorts look worse (aside from like you said just not enjoying shorter shorts) is if you were anything like me when I was in scouts, your shirt was massively big and the shorts looked worse for it. You always sized up because until you were 17 or 18 you were still growing and re-sewing shit is a huge pain, so I'm s or xs in a lot of shirts and I think my eagle scout uniform is an M, idk it's massive on me though. 
is there any way to identify the older style of scout shorts? I've actually been keeping an eye on ebay for a bit now trying to figure out what the good ones are. Obviously I don't want the elastic waist ones but otherwise, is there anything else I should look for?
Those shorts are/were dope. I bought a few pair on eBay a while back to complete my uniform since I just became an assistant scoutmaster. I rocked those bad boys daily at summer camp. 
As a summer camp staff member, they were required wear every day. I owned three pair and worked for seven weeks. I bet I did laundry only a few times (because . has enough Scout t-shirts) but those shorts really take a while before they start showing dirt and smelling of balls.
I remember those shorts being made out of polyester and horribly uncomfortable. Same goes for the pants and shirt.
Ex-staffer as well. Luckily I worked in Aquatics, so most of the time I was in trunks. I remember being a bit uncomfortable in the shorts at first, but after a week or so, you really stop caring. 
Oh yes. I had 4 pair during my staff days. They probably smelled like rancid balls but when everything smells, you don't really notice. 
garley's cargo's are awful though
I would wear em
julius x walmart
we just gonna copypaste the whole mf thread now huh
huh?
you blatantly copied the top comment from the thread he made for it originally.
90% of reddit is copied jokes.Calm down stig
I don't care, it's not my joke. 
okay well 1 i couldnt remember where i heard the joke and thought someone said it in irc, and 2 is it a big deal?
Hey, fuck you.  I like 'em. Whatever....Edit: 
Cargo shorts are NF as fuck 
 guy. 
^ He gets it
^
+1 for being TFTC
You had cargo shorts tailored?
They started out as this ridiculous, baggy 3/4 pants.  Fashion is different in Japan and ugly-as-shit pantaloons (by US standards) are the norm.  I had the waist, seat, and leg taken in and the length significantly reduced.
[deleted]
I don't understand your point... I didn't tell him he's not allowed to say that or feel that way, just that he can go fuck himself if he does. 
people need to understand that free speech is not just you can say what you want, but that the subject of your free speech can free speech you right back. 
Those shorts look turrible! Fuck people that like things I don't like!
An unfortunate sentence
God damn it... Hahaha
Haha, definitely . material.
this would be better posted in 
Not a flash sale but w/e.All the good pieces have sold out weeks about 
Also, try thrift stores near you
This is just what I needed!  Thanks!
go with the first i guess
you have my permission to wear either one of those shoes
Shirt fit looks fine. Outfit in general looks good as well, although I think it would benefit from different colored shoes. I'm not exactly sure what color though. Maybe white sneakers would be okay. Possibly navy as well, but not so sure about that. 
Thanks! I am somewhat lacking in multiple pairs of "style" shoes at the moment. I have generally lived with a pair of black shoes, brown shoes, black trainers until these canvas jobbies. Navy & possibly maroon are nest on the list.
I agree with the different colored shoes.  I was thinking maybe something light blue, don't know why. Like a nice pair of Sperry's or something.   
Watch. When I get my first job out of school the first "expensive" thing I want to buy is a watch that's costs as much as my car. 
I would need to buy a pair of brown boots. Wolverine 1k miles in rust would be my choice.
A dark grey tweed suit, and maybe a slightly darker wool coat in . style if I can count it as part of the suit..I know it's not very versatile but I love tweed suits. No idea why, if I was British I'd have an excuse to wear them daily. But alas I'm neither a tenured university professor nor a Brit so I can't pull it off. 
Either really nice outerwear (., .) or really nice sneakers . 
A good leather jacket, probably something like the TOJ minimalist DR..Had trouble between that and a nice pair of shoes, but I don't have a need for nicer shoes regularly enough to feel like it'd be worth it. Whereas I'd wear a leather jacket all the time, weather permitting.
Nigel Cabourn Cameraman. Like the perfect jaket
Either a boot or a Julius jacket.
Having just gotten my Outlier Climbers, I'd have to say any pant made by them. Probably the OG, since they're more versatile than Climbers, as they're not cut super slim..I really want to make a video and send it to Outlier to use on their website showing water beading and running off of these pants. It's ridiculously awesome.
Not all that exciting nor grand of a choice, but I feel like my thorogood moctoes are the one article of clothing that I own that actually shift an outfit from really normal to at least somewhat interesting. I just love that they can be integrated into relatively simple fits and still work while giving it an entirely different feel. 
Denim pants
, I don't usually go for square watches but I love this thing.
Underwear.
It looks like I'm in good company when i say a good pair of boots..I really like my AE Eagle County boots as well as my 1955 Eastlands.
I can't walk out of the house without someone complimenting them..I'd probably get a black shell cordovan boot and stick with monochrome looks..My best color is black anyway.
Dayton Service Boots or a Nigel Cabourn Jacket (.)
Well, since Allen Edmonds are considered basics, I think I need a bespoke suit.  
Sneakers.
Rolex
I wear my sub with literally everything. It's more of a personal thing than a statement, though. 
I'd get an IWC or Jaeger LeCoutre if it was gonna be my only expensive piece.
Not an Omega?
[deleted]
Levi's main line are included in your defaults.
I think I could find serviceable shoes in the 'decent basics' brands. They wouldn't be ideal, but they would be workable with everything else..I'd go for a nice field jacket. Can't really get that at the lower levels and it's useful for 3 seasons. 
I considered this actually. Either a military jacket or a light driver of some kind. What brand would you be thinking?
I'd probably go Barbour, just because that's what I have and have the most experience with. If I had to get a new one that wasn't that, rag & bone has some pretty nice jackets last time I checked.
I check ebay daily for a good deal on a Barbour Beaufort in my size..In your experience hows the sizing? 39" in chest, but 38" stuff usually fits best on me.
You'll typically be advised to size down one from your jacket size. Some say two but this is too slim and makes the sleeves too short. I think Beauforts only look right if they are a relaxed fit. Personally I say go true to size. .I have a 36 inch measured chest and wear 36 or 38 jackets. I have a 38 Beaufort and it is perfect. .Just have to bear in mind that you aren't trying to get a slim fit. If that is what you want there are better options.  
Oh I don't go for the super slim look, I just meant that 38" jackets are what tend to fit me in the shoulders, despite a 39" chest.
Yeah that's fine, just thought I'd say because you see a ton of guys with 38 chests who get a 34 jacket and look a touch silly. Generally with arms 4 inches too short. .Also personal taste. I just don't think they look right slim fit. .But yeah for your actual question either a 36, 38 or maybe a 40 would work body wise depending on preference. 36 may be too short in arms though. 
I have relatively short arms. 15.5/32 ish. Probably just a straight 38 would work, may have to get the arms shortened..Are there any comparable alternatives? I hear Filson makes some outstanding jackets but I really have no experience with any of this. I've never owned a nice jacket per se..*edit I'm actually looking at the bedale and I think I like the look of it better. Anything comparable to this?
You in the US? I can't be a ton of help as I was kind of set on Barbour for the British Heritage (I live in the British Countryside). Hoggs of Fife, Viyella and Hunter all do waxed jackets in a similar cut and quality to Barbour but cheaper and I believe with less after sales service but that may not be true.  .You can also get the cheap waxed jackets of Amazon or Ebay which get decent reviews but I have no experience. .AFAIK Filson is similar to Barbour but as comparable as the ones I listed above. They fill a slightly different aesthetic but that might just be my impression. .Re: Bedale then all the guys above do coats in that cut, just look for equestrian or shorter ones. .The Bedale looks a little awkward on me. Too short for how loose it is. I'd get the Ashby or something else in a slimmer cut at that length but that is personal taste. 
Seconding dayton service boot. It was between that and outerwear, but the whole "don't skimp on anything between you and the ground" logic wins out.
I don't know about recently, but I know the quality had suffered significantly about a year ago due to too much demand. Issues with the sole. Hopefully it's resolved.
Albert Hammond suit
I would probably say a coat, though I cannot quite decide what kind of coat I'd like. .In theory, a bespoke trench coat with wool or cashmere detachable lining would be great. The problem is I have never seen a trench coat worn so that I feel it is worth the cost, and as such I do not know whether it really is a wise choice. .If not a trench, perhaps a double-breasted great coat, but here the problem is keeping cool in transitional seasons and warm winter days. Maybe a covert coat could do the job as well..A trench just seems the best allrounder even though it might prove a stylistic challenge..DB great coat: .Trench: Burberry bespoke service I guess. Something like Aquascutum Kingsgate would probably serve as a guideline.
Holy grail of chukka boots..
These: .One of the most comfortable hi-top sneaker.
those looks pretty ugly. Why pay for the logo on the side of the shoe? CPs are cheaper, built better, and offer more variation in colorways.
Custom Tailor-Made suit.
I feel like if you asked this in FFA, a lot of people would say a nice bag. (Which doesn't feature as much in MFA.).I would personally want the perfect coat/jacket. Which I still haven't found.
Id consider a proenza or maybe some Celine hmmmmm
Although, I hear that the PS1 cat got was really bad quality/falling appart. .Would def go for one of the more minimalist celine bags though.
Rawz prolly not my momos I would prolly go with some american made just to see the difference.
I'd get the Levi's tailor made pair if it was going to be my only expensive piece of my wardrobe...I could get everything I want on it and have it fit me as I want it.
Levis Made in America?
Those, Rogue territory, Raleigh, Baldwin, 3sixteen etc..
I find expensive watches always look overly complicated and busy. I much prefer watches with a minimal design, which conveniently, cost so so so much less.
Check out different brands. Something like the Orient Bambino is a nice simple starter watch. Then if you want start moving up on the price ranges.
I don't think you've seen enough watches to make that call. 
how do you like the Braun? probably going to pick one up at some point soonish.
I love it. It's the first watch I've really worn, but I find that it works with pretty much whatever I wear. I get a lot of compliments on it too.
Of course I haven't seen enough. That's why I said, "I've found." In my experience, as limited as it may be, I've found expensive watches to be overly complicated and busy.
My first thought was actually the Daytons, but they're not made in my size. Sadface. I think that Cabourn jacket really fits your style in particular.
Shame my wallet size can't match T_________T
flyknits 247 bb
[deleted]
Hair is not an item. Unless you're wearing a wig or you wear extensions, it is not an item.
[deleted]
I'm sorry.... :(
Really? I feel like with nikes you can cover most stuff. 
What like, denim chinos or?
Denim sweatpants
Jeans, sorry. Like Pure Blue Japans. You can wear them every day and they get that signature style
Those count as decent basics? Most of those brands would be my choice for the expensive item. I feel really poor all of a sudden.
Yeah man browsing this sub can be painful sometimes on a saturday job income. Asos normally does decent looking stuff for cheap though
I was considering listing J+M instead of AE, but for dress parts it's a steep step down from BB.
Just to mention a few.
Those are really nice..I guess I always think of diver's watchers or pilot watches . when people say expensive watches..I'm a changed man because of you.
You might have the idea of tourbillions in your head. there are some insanely expensive and overcomplicated watches. .google "tourbillions images" and see..Amazing craftsmanship but man over the top galore.
The IWC Portuguese is gorgeous. 
Jaeger LeCoutre ultra thin is one of my grails.
[deleted]
he didnt say it was minimalist, just that its not overly complicated. 
The Portuguese has been on my list for quite some time. Can't shell out 10k for a watch yet...
I love IWC, so frequently tasteful and understated without being overly simple or boring.
and that portuguese is soooo sweet..im a sucker for white dial and blue hands.
Elegant as fuck
james bond aint got SHIT on me!
Dude, that's a Richard Mille diver. That's one of the most expensive divers in the world..Even a Rolex Sub/Sea Dweller isn't that complicated or ugly (lots of people actually think they're very beautiful)..There's a reason James Bond can wear a Planet Ocean or an Aqua Terra with a tux and get away with it.
My dad has that Patek but never wears it :(.
Exactly how disgustingly rich do I have to be to own a Patek that I .?
Haha, no comment.
Poorer than where you can afford losing it or ruining it
In his case it's just because he has other watches he prefers.
There are plenty of expensive watches with simple, elegant designs. . or . for examples.
a really nice outerwear piece. maybe 10c or white mountaineering or moncler or cabourn or something similar.
I don't understand how this isn't a more popular response. You can get decent (but not great) pieces from his basics list for everything else, but I'd have difficulty finding a great jacket or coat.
I wear sneakers 99% of the time anyway, so I don't have the need to spend $$$ on footwear that people who wear boots do. 
Even if you wear boots, a pair of Red Wings or 1000 miles aren't top of the line, but they're good enough and within the price range of things like Allen Edmonds. 
yeah true. also I say that but I literally just received my diemme hikers in the mail, so that's more just me being in the spring/summer mindset anyway.
Definitely a pair of boots, probably Alden 403s for comfort, and though there's certainly much more versatile boots, I'm assuming I won't be wearing suits in this scenario. If I'm allowed two or three items, I'll take some nice raw denim, like my Joe McCoys, too. I think I could get by on that easily enough.
what are the more versatile boots
The Alden x J.Crew cap-toe boot (and most of their cap-toe and plain-toed boots in calf and shell, though I dislike Alden's calf compared to the decent European makers), Crockett and Jones's Coniston and Northcote boots (among others), Alfred Sargent's Montague boot, Edward Green's Galway boot. Basically anything that isn't CXL and that lacks moccasin-style stitching.
I personally wouldn't get a watch. I feel like the kind of person that can appreciate that you have a really great watch is the same kind of person that can tell that your outfit is too cheap to justify it. An expensive watch with a $500 suit makes the watch seem like a knockoff.
I agree it has to be realistic.  My Breitling makes sense.  An Audemars everyone would think was fake.  Besides, starting crazy high is like getting the warp whistle, play the rest of the levels inbetween!
leather jacket. best minimalistic wardrobe + one quality item to me will always be beat up sneakers, white tee, beat up jeans, black leather. i could never pull off the style, but definitely the way to go.
A-2 or similar style bomber in brown? Similar purpose, different feel.
I'm with you on this. I'd either get something from Balenciaga or go in the complete other direction and get a Buzz Rickson's MA-1..Probably the latter actually, they are built incredibly, will last forever, 
that's an a-2 not an ma-1.you know that rite?
I really said ma1? Ugh, long week. 
buzz rickson is def. the brand i would wear 24/7 if i had money to roll with
mah dream
A-2 is doable, all about the Double rider though in my head, maybe a leather a-1
be the style you want to see in yourself
nah like I'm a paler white guy with blonde hair, it's an awesome look for someone, and I think it'd a good way to achieve the goal for this thread, but I'm happier with what I do.
but doing you is the most important thing.
check out . for that kind of style w/blondish hair
if you're skinny and not totally ugly, you can pull it off. source: acne models.
alright ghandi.
For me, it's hard to beat the versatility of a good brown boot. As far as options are concerned, I'm limited in designers because of my foot size. I'd probably opt for a bespoke calf Lobb jodhpur single-strap boot. Tasteful and versatile, works in at least 3 seasons, and it pairs well with everything from jeans to dress pants. My guess is they'd eventually get too beat up to wear with dress pants, but that's fine.
what size are your feet?
14D US
Agreed, either jodhpurs or chelseas would be what I'd go for. I have a pair of brown Alfred Sargent chelseas that are some of the most insanely versatile shoes in my wardrobe. 
oh lol, ok thought you had small feet like me. Ends of bell curves suck.
I wish I had small feet, at least I could buy women's and boy's
dunno, if you're looking for casual derbys not a lot of selection in womens or boys lol. But ya I totally get it.
Aldens typically go down to 6. Same with AE, Sargent. C+J goes down to a 5.
Thanks, I usually go AE but didn't know that Alden, Sargent or C+J go that small. What are you stuck with?
I have no problem with dress shoes. With casual shoes I can go with Nike, Adidas, cdbs, sebago, Sperry, converse allstars aaand that's almost everything. There's essentially no casual luxury shoes in my size. The three exceptions are Gucci, lanvin, and occasionally Prada. 
never heard the term 'casual luxury' before. Would you be referring to . types of shoes? Think we're basically in the same boat there, but at we're still doing ok.

I'm with you, and it would most definitely be the .. They're $900, but they're shell cordovan, and built like a brick shithouse..Funny you should mention pateks too--the other thing that came to my mind was 
In my mind I can't justify wearing a super expensive watch with otherwise basic apparel. I think it ends up wearing you.
why.nobody else knows you paid $900 for a pair of shoes
Well that's the best part of a nice pair of Jodhpurs, they look super nice without outshining everything else too much. Wearing a car on your wrist with a just-decent suit and some just-decent shoes is going to look like you're a burglar, a fake, or you play around in your daddy's watch box.
sorry, i misread your post
nbd, it happens
Yeah, the Patek is a beautiful watch, but I don't think I'd ever spend that much money on a watch, pretty much for the same reason. Although apparently someone is bidding on it...
It's not really a Patek. It's a Patek movement mated with a massive modern stainless steel case. It's an abomination, IMO. Furthermore, an antique Patek will be selling for far, far more than a few thousand quid. 
Yeah. A Porsche is a beautiful car, but if you're driving it to some $200,000 tiny ranch of a house it's going to look out of place. Things have to gel together.
In this case, it's as if you installed a Ferrari engine in a Ford Focus. 
he's talking about the patek watch, not boots. Typical patek watches retail around 25-30k, they're such a strong statement they sort of detract from everything but themselves. 
/reading comprehension.sry
It's not a Patek. It's a pocket watch movement stuck in a massive 47mm case. 
Alright, we get it. 
That thing isn't really a Patek. It's a Patek pocketwatch movement stuck into a massive stainless steel case. It's ridiculous, and some poor shmuck will buy it thinking they own a Patek. A 47mm Patek is just laughable. In any case, an antique Patek would sell for far, far more than a few thousand quid.   .An actual Patek exudes class: see Calatrava. Unless you were wearing a massively complicated or otherwise flashier cased watch, it really wouldn't stand out as something ostentatious. 
nah think that dude definitely looks far closer to creep than cool.
women don't think so. ./if that matters
Nah, style like that is all about your character not appealing to others (mfa also seemed to agree with my read)
ask FFA
style's not about making women happy.
Style is about making yourself happy..Which for some includes sleeping with a lot of women.
its fine that its not for you, but for some it is and women like it. 
for many people it is. its the goal

lol
I think they're cool. 
the ventilated holes on that toebox really kill that shoe. It's like car seat leather from our old 90's volvo, bad memories..And no, that dressy sneaker hybrid wouldn't look good with anything semi-formal (blazer, tie or suit). The only thing i can suggest would be to disguise your footwear with heavier drapier tops like from All Saints. Anything plain like s/s henley will make those fugly sneaks stand out (in a bad way).
Man my confidence in these shoes is dropping considerably.  I'm torn because I like them, but I don't want to be self conscious about them.
You're an oasis, haha..I've gotten compliments on them, but now I'm worried that they were just being nice and everyone actually hates them... :(
Since others have already made the point about the appearance of the sneakers (with which I agree), to answer your original question:  It's not really a question of how casual you can go -- they're sneakers so they're casual shoes (t shirt?).  On the other end of the spectrum though, I wouldn't try dressing these up by any means.
Okay, assuming I let my new misgivings about these shoes get the better of me and take them back, what would you suggest I look at as a replacement for them in the vein of what I've said I want the shoes for?
I would just look at some clean sneakers.  I just got a pair of . that I really like.  There are also some nice New Balances out there, and lots of other sneaker options.  The shoe guide on the sidebar has some good sneaker ideas..But, I wouldn't try and combine dress shoe and sneaker.  Hybrids are (pretty much) always a bad idea.  A clean pair of sneakers will suit your needs and look good.
Don't buy things on a whim. Plan your purchases or expect to be disappointed. These shoes are hag, I wouldn't wear them.
Aw, well, difference of opinion I guess..It wasn't as impulse a buy as I made it sound.  But I happen to like the shoes, wasn't really looking for whether or not I should buy them since I did already.
These shoes have way too many details for me, and the long vamp looks unflattering. But if you really like them, you can probably wear them with any casual outfit--button ups, chinos, jeans, any of that is probably fine.
Fair enough.  I wasn't trying to downplay your opinion on the shoes at all, everybody likes different things.  And I agree the vamp feels oddly sized.  I just don't believe I'm able to pull off the "oxfords worn semi-casually look" because I have fat calves, and I really don't like boat shoes.  So I was looking for something that would go well in a business-casual setting, but accent straight casual wear in a way that made it look a little higher up.  And for as few dollars as possible, since I'm not in any position to spend money on... well anything.
I've heard that this is a military thing since it cuts down on unwanted reflections and makes it more convenient to read when you're holding a rifle. Not sure if that's true or not, but it kind of makes sense. 
Wouldn't it be hard to flex your wrist then? 
No, actually. It's far enough back that it doesn't inhibit any movement.
People will likely assume you're military, but plenty of people not military did this (Andy Rooney once ranted about why he did it.).On the flip side, there's this, plus you don't really want to be like Andy Rooney:
.Better to have a unique watch than a unique way to wear a watch, in my opinion.
Also: Do you use a keyboard at all?  Cause I'd be banging the watch crystal on the desk or wrist support of my ergo keyboard ALL DAMN DAY if I wore it like that.
That #4 one is dumb as hell considering the ubiquity of cell phones.
I wouldn't... and I've never seen anyone else do it either.  My watch has sometimes rotated all the way around when I didn't tighten it enough, but otherwise...
Old guys I knew that worked in the building trades wore their wrist watches that way to protect the watch. A lot of them were vets, though.
Not sure about the reflections part, but having the watch visible on your supporting (non-trigger) hand makes perfect sense.
I wear a pair like that and I really like them. I think mine are either Tom Ford or Oliver Peoples. Just try on a few and find one that fits well. A lot depends on your face shape. Be warned though, I've gotten many Harry Potter comparisons haha. Still, I'm really glad that I went with this style because everyone else seems to be wearing the same glasses. 
I like them. Everyone in this sub is afraid of anything outside of their thick frames - dockers - boat shoes comfort zone.
way too dorky imo. If you're cool as f*ck like Indy or Jack Sparrow you can get away with it. But personally i'd look like a tool with glasses like that.
Check ., wonderfully thought-out post by 
post a pic of yourself
I am currently wearing a Citizen EcoDrive. Got it for approx $100 on Amazon. Its quartz but it never needs a battery and looks great..Rockin a selvedge NATO strap with it
I picked up this . from Amazon for around $50. Never leaves my wrist and I like the way it looks. Gotten many compliments around the office.
If you want to stick with the same price-range, the . has a very minimalistic face with several colorways for around $30..Or, if you want to experience an automatic mechanical, you could go for something from the Seiko 5-series for $50-$100:. is a very popular option.. is what I'm wearing today.
The Seikos are great options. The SNK809 has a larger sibling: SNZG11 with a similar face, but 40mm case. 
I would recommend a submariner-esque watch. They'll look great with Nato straps too. Ie. Orient Black Mako.I personally have the Invicta 8926C..Edit: These are automatic watches.
They're called divers btw
If you like Invicta automatics, Woot seems to have the best deals on them. They've got one up for $65 right now. I don't wear Invictas usually, but $65 for an Automatic with a Japanese movement is pretty good. 
I've heard the movement of Invicta watches aren't that great in that they need to be adjusted for being too fast. Just saying. 
Joining a fraternity, if I learned one thing as a pledge it was "When you come out the house looking like a pretty bitch, people notice."
I have MFA to thank as well as a lot of bands/musicians I really like. 
I love how I dress now. I feel good and every time I look down, that feeling is renewed.
Friend showed me reddit and mfa. I laughed about the idea at first but the more I thought about it I realized I hated the way I dressed. The rest is history!
You guys as a community inspired me.
Pierce Brosnan. As a kid I liked his show "Remington Steel" homeboy was dapper AF. Was stoked when he came back as Bond.
I know "fratty" gets a bad rep on MFA & reddit in general, but it was when I started reading TFM.  My gf at the time showed me the site because she knew I'm kind of an asshole and would find it hilarious, but reading the comment section shitting on people wearing cargos & graphic tees made me realize I dressed like shit
Was judged and harassed a lot by an older asian girl when I was a kid. Started paying more attention to what I wore/improving (although in that case that was literally just me dressing in abercrombie because that was how she dressed). .To this day I don't know how I feel about her saying "I feel like I've improved you" to me.
There was nobody I personally knew that influenced me. One day I was laying in bed and thinking about how I knew my clothes were shit and that thinking being into fashion was gay was stupid. Not caring was stupid. I had built a shell of not caring and inactivity around myself and needed to get rid of it. 
Everyone in London. I moved here last year and went from being only comfortable wearing jeans and a t-shirt to wearing things like sports jackets (preferably tweed), collared shirts, nice slacks and brogues. .The way people dress is just so much better here, and you need to keep up. Also, you can step outside in London and be 100% assured that you won't be judged because you won't be the most ridiculously-dressed person out there. It gives you massive confidence to go with whatever look you want. I love it. 
Had a brief fling with an absolutely gorgeous and stylish girl, I was instantly attracted to her and how she looked in her clothes so I thought if that worked on me maybe I could have that effect as well. .Oh and Skyfall came out at that time, I had never paid any attention to 007's clothing before really but when this movie came out I couldn't stop wondering where he gets his stuff from. That movie was actually the final push where I was like "holy crap, James Bond kicks ass and looks fabulous while he does it, I want that"..The next day after I saw the movie I cut my hair and scoured the internet for "Bond style". Now I buy very simple, plain, and unadorned clothing that is made from high quality materials..I've dropped some serious cash on my threads now and I love it. No regrets.
I'm not sure how it is for others, but I'm willing to bet we're probably the best dressed of our social circle. In interactions I can sometimes feel a sense of being looked up to. Like a guy who knows how to do something they don't and they'd, pride aside, like us to teach them..At college, I get stopped daily with random outbursts of admiration. But, I hope I'm not an inspiration in some sense. I'd rather not promote the generic style of just copying what others do. I wouldn't dress the same if I was a few inches taller or even a different race or gender. I only say this because I've seen my friend make this mistake
I was at a work conference a little while back- I didn't dress like I do now last year- and I was a little over the top even by my standards. .Everyone I loosely know told me how good I looked, and one girl told me when she saw me earlier in the day she figured I was someone really important.
My girlfriend is very well dressed at all times. I will not be outdone.
Not anyone in particular, but just from movies, tv, and just life I noticed the people that dressed better got more attention and were looked at differently and so I tried dressing nicer and it just became a part of my life.  I started browsing online and found Guido Wong and loved how he dressed and looked and just kind of tried to replicate what he did..I know of one coworker who said he started dressing better because of me and how I dressed.  Now whenever I see him, we're dressed the same.  
I was doing well at work but never got the promotion i really wanted and didnt know why. I worked harder than anyone there and accomplished much more on a daily basis. Then a mid manager transferred to my location and though he was covered in tattoos, he was always wearing fitted OCBDs and slacks (crappy tennis shoes though). I took a page from his book and started dressing really well. Wearing ties and everything like that. In the two months since then, ive gotten the attention of all the upper management and my career has gone further than the previous six months combined. .And my roommate has the bug now too. We go thrifting sometimes and bounce style ideas off each other. He's gotten me into ironing my clothes an i've got him thinking about fit. When we go out, we look like a couple of classy fucking gentlemen. 
Losing weight made me want to improve my image because i always told myself that if i were skinny it would be so much easier to look good. And edward honaker is everything i hope to be.
I admired a guy that was a few years older than me in school. He was playing the music I wanted to play, dating the kinds of girls I would want to date. I was pretty envious, and I think after a few years I just started trying to dress better to look more like him.
This took off, which has been a few years of trying to figure out clothes and stuff..I have a friend that started dressing better around the same time I did. Slowly we've influenced some of our friends into dressing a little better. We teach together too, and it's really quite funny watching some of the high schoolers come in and attempt to dress like us. I think they know we hang out on MFA.
Don draper
It started mostly with the show White Collar, Matt Bomer's character is insanely well dressed and that's how I wanted to look..I was at the time a jeans and novelty t-shirt guy with a bit of a belly. 12 months later I've lost nearly 2 stone, starting to get some ab definition and own some fantastic clothing that I've seen here and in some other places..Now I take inspiration wherever I see it, about to pick up some new shorts for my holiday next month. Looking forward to not buying 3/4 length cargo shorts :D 
reading a lot of esquire and GQ. Also, seeing how fathers my age dress (I'm 30). They think having kids is a permission slip to get fat and wear what they rolled out of bed. I wasn't gonna be that dad.
There are two main reasons I can pinpoint as of why I decided to dress better..First off, I'll hop on the "getting dumped by my exgirlfriend made me want to change things about myself" train and explain my particular transformation. Long story short, I was in a 3-year relationship with a girl whom many would deem "out of my league". The relationship ended in her cheating on me with another guy. Prior to changing up my wardrobe, I was more of a baggy straight jeans and graphic t sort of guy who always struggled to look "cool." For some context, I'm pretty short (5'7") with a very scrawny build. I used to have a bowl cut hairstyle that consisted of moppy, greasy hair and some thin-framed rectangular glasses with incredibly thick lenses. In addition I had some extremely crooked and overlapping teeth. Most of the clothes I owned were over-sized and sort of draped over my body. I struggled with a lot of self esteem issues in the months to come. .Here's where my second reason came in. One day, a female friend of mine that I've known since my childhood blatantly told me "BasedMuggle, all your clothes are ugly. I'm gonna take you shopping." Out of the kindness in her heart, she did just that. She dragged me out on numerous occasions and made me try on different outfits and on many occasions even purchased the clothes for me (and refused to let me pay her back). For months, she sort of bumped me in the right direction. Starting with non-graphic t-shirts and fitted jeans, and from there transitioning into cardigans and other varieties of jackets. After a while she would stop purchasing clothing for me, but instead would critique the clothes I bought on my own..2 years later, through much trial and error, and constant browsing on . I would say I look drastically better than ever before. Since a year ago, I've started a braces operation that's fixing my crooked teeth. Thanks to . I was able to find different hairstyles more flattering to my facial structure, and hell, I've even picked up some contacts and a couple pairs of nicer glasses. In addition, I've recently started to work out at the gym regularly (4 times per week)..Within the past 2 years, I've been approached by quite a few attractive females in many different social contexts (parties, BBQs, school, concerts, etc.) and am told at least once a month by a complete stranger "Oh, I really like your (article of clothing)" or "Your outfit looks really nice!". Needless to say, my self-esteem has gone up exponentially. .I know no one expected . lengthy of a response, but I'll be goddamned. I'd really like to thank the MFA community for playing a huge role in building up my wardrobe and helping me develop a personal sense of style. To this day I still learn a lot from you all. =)
Dressing well helped me regain a sense of control over my life.
Does Paul Newman count?.I've taken probably half a dozen men shopping and helped them overhaul and improve their style, at their request. I expect I've inspired a few others who didn't feel the need to ask for help explicitly.
So, I'm an active duty Marine....all I wear is my uniform. That's all I ever wore for 7 years pretty much. I never really learned how to dress like an adult and when I wasn't in uniform I wore the SAME stuff I wore in high school. Since my first deployment in 08' I have been mega depressed from some stuff that had happened to me. About April/May of this year it really hit hard and I was at the end of my rope emotionally. I was in a class for training and over heard someone talk about the trunk club, which I looked for on reddit first because I figured someone would have tried it. Searched for it and it led me to a post from . and this subreddit and that kind of changed everything. I have kicked myself out of my depression, go to the gym more often, actually have been noticed by more women and feel all around 10x more confident about myself..As for have I inspired anyone else? Yeah, my roommate. He's not quit as sociable as I am but he's getting there. I can't get him to start checking out this sub as he's a stubborn little troll but eventually I'll turn him around. 
My initial inspiration came almost entirely from reddit..I was obese, self-loathing to the point of being suicidal, rarely bothered to even iron my ill-fitting clothes and was just not a great person to be around..One day I decided it was time to seriously turn my life around and Reddit was most accessible to me. . and . saw me drop ~100lbs and as my confidence grew I started taking better care of my appearance as well - new hair style, new shoes, quality clothes etc..One day I saw a link to MFA from . and I spent some time looking around and got fairly involved for a while there..I now have a collection of suits, shoes, ties and cuff links and plenty of correctly fitting clothes and I always look great when info out..This combined with . saw me grow to be far less lonely as I finally because someone I was happy with and, therefore, someone others want to be around..Have I inspired others? Yes, absolutely. Amongst my friends I have become the guy they ask about their fashion choices etc and I often get complimented on what I do wear. I have noticed two of my friends more recently have adopted a similar hair style too, one of them admitting last week that they like mine but thought it would be weird to get the same. .Basically, reddit saved my life in a way and took me from a life of hatred and loneliness to one of confidence and enjoyment..For that. I thank you all. 
Not trolling, but Kanye West around the time when Graduation released. 
A few friends have told me they wish they dressed better because of me. I don't dress fancy, but my clothes fit and I don't look like a college student. 
I have had the same experience with New York City. You can have great style game outside New York, but once on the island you're in the big leagues and need to step it up. .I wonder who's better dressed, London or New York.
A well dressed MFA buddy (.) of mine has overhauled a few of our friends wardrobes.
Me too.  Kanye West coupled with my ex-girlfriend that was big into fashion really got me to caring.  
Have continually spread the bug to my roommates. I need to upload before and afters because I'm definitely proud of the changes I influenced in a couple of their lives..Personally I think I got the bug from MaleFashionAdvice and other guides online. Started my senior year of high school. 3 years later and I'm finally settling into a happy medium of style.
Post it in a Feedback thread or GD if you're going to, we would love to see!
Aaron Marino - he's got a youtube channel "AlphaM."  He is an image consultant.
Kanye started it all for me too, man. He's reinvented his style several times, and almost everything has been dope to me. Kanye is legitimately my style icon. 
Glad I'm not the only one :) 
Definitely not. I also really like the sort of minimalist direction he's been going recently. Most pictures of him I've seen recently have been a dark grey hoodie with a lighter grey scoop neck shirt, black denim, and blue or red and black Jordan 1's or the Red October Yeezys. It's a very clean look. 
That actually had a big impact on me too, I studied abroad and was blown away by London's style. I got back and immediately found MFA.
I'm the opposite. I had my son and said to myself, "Self, this is me talking. Do you really wanna be the dad at the kids events in Ecko shirts, extra baggy jeans and kangols? No Self, no you do not." 
He inspired me to be better. . has caused more harm to my wallet than anyone though. Text message fit checks have killed my data. 
London's fashion was a full year or two of my Midwest school, so who knows. 
They want you to look like a pretty bitch? Seems like a strange way of saying looking good.
Haha it's a term I heard from somewhere else, I still apply it to this situation. 
Sounds like something sororities would tell their new members.
Awh, shucks.
I was volunteering at event where everyone was wearing suits and an ex of mine (ex at the time) looked at one of my friends and said he's consistently the best dressed. I had kind of lurked off and on here before that and decided that's something I wanted to be. 
I had a situation where I met up with a friend after not seeing him for over a year and he simply said "Man, you are just more and more put together every time I see you.".Another time, I was drinking with a female friend of mine who is pretty well dressed and she said something to the effect of "You always look phenomenal when we go out, and I'm just sitting here in gym shorts.".Those kinds of reactions are reaffirming. I spent a long time getting the "Why are you so dressed up?" question, it's nice to move past it.
Lost about 70-80 lbs trying to impress a girl. Went from large to XS or S so none of my clothes fit me anymore. I figured if I was gonna get some new clothes might as well do it right. I don't think I'm an inspiration to others though. I usually wear chinos and a v-neck. Maybe OCBDs every now and then. Nothing super chic. 
Hmm.. both my parents have a good sense of style. My sister was a high end shop-a-holic and always put herself together well.  I on the other hand just never gave a shit, but alway shad the eye for fashion. .It wasnt until breaking up with my ex of 7 years that I decided i was going to undertake a life change.  Dressing better was at the top of the list.  I pretty much nailed it.  I started a new job right afterwards and pretty much started dressing sharp since day one.  I would get compliments daily on how I looked.  I was voted best dressed at the office..My friends have taken a notice to my style sense and always ask for feedback.  One of my other friends who also recently got out of a relationship, who also didnt give a shit about how he dressed, took a page out of my playbook..Dressing well helps drive a confident attitude..(I've gotten laid a shit ton because of how i dress and the accompanying confidence that goes along with it)
Wow I was just talking about this with a friend but, My older brother inspired me to dress well. Funny thing is that I have learned so much from him and grown as "fashionable" person that now I inspire him and others to do the same.
Synchronicity man!
There was a guy I worked with that I thought of as sort of a younger and hipper version of me, he influenced me a bit.. Mostly it was losing weight that really influenced me. I've lost over 130lbs and decide 'hell now I can wear all those nice clothes that never came in my size before'..Don't believe I've influenced anyone else, but I'm working on getting to the level where I might be able to.
My best friend came out and I couldn't continue looking terrible while he looked fabulous when we went out. I'd like to think my dressing better has rubbed off on my other friends as well.
My uncle always purchased me nice clothes ever since I was 2-3, so clothing/fashion has always been prominent in my life.
I went on a date with a guy who dressed really well, at a time when I still wore pretty much what I did in high school. There never was a second date, but now I'm really starting to care about my appearance. I doubt I've had a chance to really influence anybody else yet though.
In High School, this girl I really liked was dating a guy who she made dress well, since she is into fashion. I took notice and started to buy nice clothes and even some of the same things he had. As soon as they broke up I swooped in and now we've been dating for a few years. 
Friend recently started asking me for some advice about clothes recently, was both flattering and a bit strange
One of my friends dresses exclusively GTH prep. I may not always agree with his stylistic choices, but damn everything he wears always fits great and looks great and works. He always looks like a million bucks..Eventually I just straight up asked him "hey, give me some shopping advice.".I've recently (read: past 4 months or so) realized my style isn't like his. It's still preppy, but a much more subdued version. I'd rather wear stand-ups than crisp chino shorts. Unfortunately this means my wardrobe is now a crappy looking hodge-podge :(.
My girlfriend :D
She's dresses amazingly and that simply inspired me to dress better and to look nicer in general. 
I know a number of well dressed women who subversively change the styles of the men they date.
Marcello Mastroianni, in any Felinni film, but especially 8 (1/2)..Effortless, timeless, easy, cool, composed.
My buddy and Dallas Green. 
C+C 4lyfe
I like Dallas Green's glassesI think a lot of them are from Warby Parker. How do you like his new album? I'm actually listening to it right now for the millionth time.
I love his new album but Sometimes is my favorite album by him
Hell yeah! 
I always knew how I wanted to dress, but never really knew how to get there. After getting a really good fitting pair of pants, and trying to find more stuff like that, I found this subreddit..I got dumped shortly after finding mfa and I figured dressing better would give me confidence and also help me with women. Jokes on me, I get way less girls after dressing better. .Unfortunately, a bunch of my friends have been bitten by the bug after they noticed my upgraded wardrobe. 
I've taken multiple people on Ryan Gosling C.S.L. type shopping trips. I absolutely love introducing people into my world. Getting them to try on a perfect fitting navy polo and asking a girl who works in the store her opinion. 9 outta 10 times I've done it the girl is always feeling the fit. Watching my buddies eyes light up when that 19 year old cutie says that he looks nice in that polo makes it all worth it.
I think it just started when I joined my school's debate team and became friends with its members (who are now probably some of my closest friends).  They all dressed well and through unintentional peer pressure, I started doing so also until I realized that I wanted it for myself rather than anyone else.  That coupled with a bunch of mindset/lifestyle changes made me a much more confident person, so there was no reason to not do it..Regarding the second question, I think I've had someone personally come up to me and ask me how to dress "dapper" because of how I dressed, so possibly.  I think I wore a casual outfit to school once and one of my teachers (who happened to be gay) told me I looked like a J.Crew model.  Totally made my day.
Disby
I am pansexual and have had hid my "feminine" characteristics ie interest in fashion (by society's stereotypes) all through high school. Enter university, I embraced androgyny and allowed myself to dress freely, to not be limited to "masculine" colors/fits/styles. I love the freedom to be creative and express myself through fashion. Most importantly, I love just being myself.
Awesome. Thanks for your perspective! If you're comfortable enough, I'd love to see your approach to androgyny in WAYWT or OF&FC.
Just want to second this, androgynous styles are some of my favorite things to see, but not something I'd do myself, so seeing others pull them off is the only way for me to get that exposure.
Veroz.
some unnamed pedestrian in tsim sha tsui.dude had the coolest high tops back then
It started from me watching too much Mad Men and thinking "I HAVE TO GET A SUIT IF I WANNA BE COOL LIKE DON DRAPER AND ROGER STERLING", then I read as much about suits as I could, then I started lurking mfa and realized there's so much other cool stuff I have absolutely zero reason to buy a suit. So I didn't..Some of my friends ask me to go shopping with them and I sort of vaguely guide them when they ask me to but that's about it. 
I'm so happy I only had a year of the Biz Caz Blues.
Did we not all start there? I too started by thinking that dressing well = dressing up
Crazy, stupid, love.
Same here. Gossling is bro status in my book.
Honestly, it was my ex girlfriend. I was a t-shirt and cargo shorts guy until she dumped me. I was really down and depressed but I decided to say fuck it. Since then I've lost almost 50 lbs and started giving a shit about how I dress. Life couldn't be better! 
Can relate. I really started caring after I got dumped too. I wasn't overweight, but I certainly wasn't in good shape. I didn't wear clothes that fit very well. Didn't really try to change my own "status quo" if you will..Afterwards I realized I needed to start lifting, caring more about what I eat and how I eat, how I wear my hair, and how I dress. I still have a long ways to go on the how I dress part, but in the past few months I've really nailed down my own personal style (as far as wants) and hopefully now I'll be able to more fully develop it instead of just buying things I think look good with no real sense of cohesiveness..Went to the bars a couple months ago with friends, and after a while one of my friends walked up to me and said "hey weagleweagle, Jane just said she didn't even recognize you and that you've gotten hot." Made me feel awesome and recharged my interests..Seriously. All it took was a hairstyle change, realizing how clothes should fit, dropping 20-30lbs of fat and gaining 15 lbs of muscle. Anyone can do it in 6 months.
I like Roger's wardrobe much more
roger made me want to get a db blazer.
Women. Women like men who dress well, hence I dress well. I didn't learn this until about 6 months ago though and the increase in attention from the opposite sex has been marked.
In the end it's always about this. Even for guys who don't really think about it this way, it is. In the end pretty much everything comes down to sex and money.
I think this is a driving factor at times. I wouldn't say that it's the whole reason for me. I'm a pretty confident guy, it just helps when I know that I look good too.
Dressing well takes confidence, and therefore shows confidence.
My boyfriend. He was partly inspired by MFA, actually. He went clothes shopping one day while I was with him. I had been itching to change my wardrobe from college to adult, and just went for it. Bought a few oxford shirts, some canvas shoes, and some nice flat shorts. Haven't looked back since..I don't think I've inspired anyone. I do know that people treat me differently and I have received a lot of complements on how I dress from friends and family. My confidence is definitely up. I feel like I've found how I'm supposed to look, at last.
Dude just wait until you start getting into your own style. I think some of my favorite purchases are mfa "maybe" items that I just love.
My father.He is an old school gentleman who wears his brightly colored shirts and seersucker suits to church every weekend.  He is by far the most dapper guy at our family parties. He was the one that told me "You are losing weight focus on good shoes for now" So now I have an impressive shoe collection that in his words is starting to "rival his" I love going home to see my dad and showing him my new shoes and having him be proud. .My dad taught me how to tie a bowtie, fold a pocket square, shine shoes, properly iron, dress for the season and occasion. It is amazing how timeless and on point his advice still is. .The shoes are on point. The clothes are mostly still changing due to the fact I am losing weight and do not want to invest in stuff during this transaction.  My best friend is now starting to ask me for advice because he is starting to see how much better I present myself not walking into the nice bar wearing odd fitting jeans, a screen print t and chucks. (they have their place but not at a nice bar on a Friday night)  All and all it has been a fun journey I can look forward to traveling. 
I imagined your dad black. Is he?
Hah! This cracked me up! My dad is Latin born and raised in East LA.  Just an old school gentleman.  My grandfather was the same way.  I have a pic of the two of them both is amazing suits hanging up on my mirror.  
 in Friends With Benefits inspired me..Basically Mila Kunis was making fun of how I dressed so, naturally, I tried to improve my dress in order to improve my chances of dating her..Edit: dating
You'd be surprised what gets back to her. I'd say you have definitely improved your chances. Never give up, buddy. I believe in you. 
daniel craig.joseph gordon levitt.ryan gosling
crazy stupid love really made me want to dress better too 
yeah i dont know if mfa knows but ryan gosling actually gave a lot of good advice in that movie
you're better then the gap. but I'm like yo i like gap fuck you
Its funny i wear the dumbest shit and all my friends are like 'you have the coolest closet, I wish I could pull of this shit' and i'm like 'dude just take this' and then they wear it.
My friends and I have benefited from this sort of sharing as well. If something is just a bit too big for me, it goes to Steve, if Steve gets something too big, it goes to TJ. Reverse order if something is a bit too tight as well. More effective trips to the thrift store as well.
can we be friends
okay fine. you can pick any item.
On some level, it was probably my sister's admiration for style in general growing up. Unlike most girls she didn't pursue trends, she just had a knack for wearing interesting outfits that suited her..Edit: missed this part.Answer: Yes, definitely (ignoring the fit guide). When I care about something I tend to  . care about it, and whether it's a card game, a television show, or a pair of boots--if someone gets me going my passions are somewhat contagious. Point being, someone will start a discussion about shirts or shoes and suddenly they realize how much better they can do. Most of my home friends that spend any significant time with me tend to start asking me sartorial advice, and any girl I date for more than a month or so starts trying to up their game.
That's a really interesting perspective. .I was talking to a girl recently that's in fashion marketing and she was excited about how fast things move. I would hate it if men's fashion moved as quickly as women's.
Yo, introduce me
She's married brah
Yo don't dog him brah.
Yo, introduce him
I used to look like a retard.Now I look like a more pretentious retard
I think it also helps knowing that you're looking retarded on purpose. Confidence or whatever. 
That's what it's all about at the end of the day
poon
Seriously though, it's one of the key benefits of dressing better..I kept asking myself why girls didn't like me when I was in high school. Turns out they didn't like me because I looked like a fucking knob and none of my clothes fit me properly..Anyways now I've got an awesome girlfriend (<3 if you're reading babe) so it's all g, g.
having a sense of individual style after mastering the basics of fashion along with keeping in shape, sexing up your hair game and not giving a fuck is all it takes to get better at this. 
hair game is super under appreciated. 
. I think all of us have felt, acutely, the anxiety and awkwardness that comes from feeling poorly dressed for the occasion, and most of us have resigned ourselves to the reality that clothing will always matter. There are tons of situations where dressing poorly is disrespectful (a wedding, a funeral, at church); tons of situations where dressing poorly is a professional disadvantage (at university, at work, at conferences and professional conventions). It's way too easy to feel like . clothing choices are holding us back, and when you tie all this up with insecurities about your body and build and how you're projecting yourself to the world at first glance.So when it finally hits you that ., it is the coolest fucking thing ever. I know over on . we get the occasional sweet post talking about how a girl has started to enjoy how she looks again, is overcoming her body insecurities, feels a lot more confident at school/work/just running around townand this always reminds me why I think helping people develop personal style is so valuable and fun. And there are always people who pop in that are new to fashion, and it is so delightful to see the community draw together to show someone that fashion can take you from a hostile relationship with your body to a comfortable one. I'm sure a similar effect exists for people who felt dissatisfied with how they dressed and how they looked but didn't know how to solve itthe pre-MFA version of yourself where you don't know what to do but you know you don't like what you're doing ., versus the MFA version of "ah, I can do . and . and . and I can really feel good about how I look when I step outside"it's such a big difference. I think the difference is confidence. .Maybe in a philosophical sense. My dad told me when I was a teenager that it's one thing to be "inwardly beautiful" and intelligent and interesting, but it helps a . when you dress so that people are compelled to get to know you. I guess I didn't address my personal experiences in my ramble above, so I'll do so now.I was just a really, . awkward kid in high school, social anxiety through the roof, pretty much hated how I looked. Discovered the world of internet fashion and styleblogging and WAYWTs and got really excited by it. I think the critical and most important step was getting to the stage of dressing .not well, but not notably bad. I felt like I became a lot more confident in talking to people because I looked like a more respectable human being; I wasn't dressing myself into the antisocial-nerd corner that limited me a lot socially. This was also the time when I was generally getting more into art + design, so dressing well was another way of enforcing a newly found sense of aesthetics in my life..Now I want to dress maybe beyond . to the point of "oh, this is pretty decent"mostly because fashion is an obsession and personal style is a hobby now, and because I wanna go into boutiques and touch and stroke all the stuff I only see in runway shows online. And I feel I need to dress like someone they don't need to subtly steer to the door..Little sister. It's very adorable to me. She sits next to me some evenings and asks for my opinion on dresses.
I think that was the coolest thing for me, was that I could influence how people perceived me by what I wear. Before I got into fashion I had a very basic understanding that certain clothes change people's perception of you. But it's really how cool how subtle it is, just by changing shoes you can dramatically change how you're perceived. 
I think that is an astoundingly tactful and helpful thing to tell a teenager, that your life will be helped a lot if, visually, you are representing your self as intelligent and interesting and approachable. I'm hoping my brothers might end up interested in clothes at some point, right now they are 13 and just think wearing pink shirts or shorts that fall above the knee make me weird.
It really is. My dad is chock-full of good advice sometimes! It really kills me when people say "well, people should just judge you for who you are inside! clothes are shallow!" &c, &cit's not an either/or situation where you care about your clothing but are inwardly uninteresting, or you are a beautiful person inside but dress without care. Dressing well is just a way to signal to others that you're a cool person, and it's a way of expressing yourself aesthetically and visually..Hopefullyeven if your brothers don't get into it as enthusiastically as youthey'll figure out the basic bits of fashion to make their lives much more convenient!
"well, people should just judge you for who you are inside! clothes are shallow!".That is really the worse advice people can give - because totally false..You're on trial, judged and sentence executed on the first seconds that someone sees you, what does she know about you inside?.Teaching kids to care about what they see from the inside, but to take care to project the image they want to pass on - priceless.
What someone wears is probably the biggest indicator as to what kind of person someone is on the inside.
It is easy, however, to misinterpret the message being sent. Some people intentionally dress "sloppily", so to speak, or at least appear so to others. Trashpile is the usual example given here. He takes great care in what he wears so as to appear that he did not.
Do you really think that's true? What does ocbd chinos cbs say? Tee jeans and sneaks? Does well fitting vs baggy clothes make them a different person, or does it just mean that they know how clothes should fit?
Solid analysis.
Just because your post is longer then mine it doesn't mean you're better then me!.I never wear the frees. I blame you. 
I-I don't know what to say. You own frees? I didn't know this how can I be part of the problem ; n ;
Lol the day before I left I skyped a pic and you were like 'doesn't look too bad' and it does! :D
Oh. I am so sorry. =|
i feel bad.i bought a suit and stuff right before mfa so now i can't really justify getting rid of it and buying a new one cause i've almost never used the suit (it is 2 years old, but still) .so whenever i go to occasions that require a suit, i just feel worse cause i know exactly how terribly i'm dressed
Get it tailored!
armhole tailoring expensive.i can get the waist done though
Cheaper than a new suit!
I dated a girl for a little while and then she faded. I started evaluating myself and my choices. I know you shouldn't change yourself just for another person, but you also shouldn't necessarily resist change just because it may come off as capitulation. There's a way to be self-confident without being obstinate..I realized that I was really afraid to dress well and take pride in my appearance. It seemed to be opening myself up for criticism. If I don't give a shit about shoes, then who cares if someone makes fun of my shoes; but if I take pride in my shoes, then it hurts when someone criticizes them..It has definitely shown in my personality (as well as my luck with the ladies). I'm just a more confident person now. I don't know if I'd say that's because of my style, because I think that discounts the impact of the therapy and the medication. But my style has definitely accompanied a full transformation of my lifestyle.
Recognizing the need for change is not capitulation, it is braver to recognize error than to persist in stubborness..So, gratz to you.
Real talk dude. 
good luck man these arent easy things to overcome but when you do you'll wonder how you ever thought that way in the first place...
Awesome, I hope it keeps getting better for you man!
Thanks, it definitely will..Fun fact: Over the course of this transformation, my OkCupid profile has gone from about 3-5 visitors per week on average, to about 40 per week.
I know that feel. 
"It takes a big man to admit his mistake. And I am that big man.".-Michael Scott
This is a really good point that I think a lot of people don't realize. It's easy to hide behind basketball shorts and an old t-shirt, because you don't stand out. But when you start dressing better, you differentiate yourself from your peers and that attention can be both good and bad. I have a lot of friends who will tease me on the amount of money I spend on clothing or the time I put into looking for clothes, etc. I've been called a hipster(I dress preppy, no clue), metrosexual and other names, albeit jokingly, from my friends. Both male and female. I personally don't care because I get a lot of compliments on how I dress, but more importantly I like how I look. .I never looked up to anyone(Besides the internet) to dress better, but I imagine it would help deal with the criticism, even if it's good natured, that a lot of people take when they try to dress better. That's why I love MFA, because it helps me know I'm not alone in trying to improve my clothing and how I look even when most of my friends don't give a shit how they look day to day.
I hope to god I haven't. I dress like an idiot
word dude. 
Never change bruh bruh..Funny I should bump into you in this thread. You, Tigre and trashpile make me want to do cool things and take risks with my clothes instead of just rocking the 1.5/2.0/3.0 uniforms.
Seriously, that's awesome to hear 
bought a dozen pairs of strands and now all i do is smash box brah
10/10 would read again
This picture changed everything for me: 
.
Found it on the inspiration album at agoodman.com.au.Edit, apparently it's from Crazy Stupid Love. 
So essentially the movie Crazy Stupid Love?
Awesome movie. Admittedly, I watched that before I started dressing well but the one line that stood out and continues to stand out is "Be better than the Gap," mostly because I wear too much Gap. Damn you, lived-in chinos. :(
Okay but I love their cheap shorts. They are pretty solid for the money in my opinion.
Honestly, on sale Gap is really solid, in my opinion. I can't do their shorts because I have short legs so they fit a bit too long, but I love that I can easily find a 32x28 in lived-in slim and the taper is great for about $26. 
As a college student, Gap is perfect for fashion on a budget. 
I'll admit, that movie did influence me a bit.  Really drove the point home about what i was already starting to do.  
It DOEs drive the point home. With a hammer..When SC starts going into the pubs, walking in, full of confidence and dressed up - yet his way of speaking is still very similar, just lost the bad habits - it really shows the difference.
Came to laugh as R.G. yelled at S.C. for wearing New Balances.Stayed for amazing script (what a great movie)
Something something rule 1
Something something rule 2.Kidding aside, great picture. Steve carrel isn't even a schlubby guy usually. .Edit: I am aware this is from a movie. 
I think that's from the movie crazy stupid love 
Well, in the movie he learns to dress and looks much better, so it isn't all about the relative attractiveness of the two.
edit for more wow
Fuck you man, I snorted out loud and now my nose hurts.

Psh, stuck in the past I see. . is where it's at now.
Can you enlighten me on what this is? I can't stop laughing and I don't even get the joke...if there is one.
TIL. Today is a good day.
Shibe. No explanation needed. 
wow
so inspiration 
Maybe something like these . pants? .Good shoes are key, too. 
Yeah those are pretty spectacular compared to the other options I've seen! Not too far off from what I'm looking for. 
There's really no reason at all to think quality is going to change. If it was the same in 2004 as it was in 2008, it's probably alright. 
Most likely the CEO wants to take his profits and move on to other projects. I believe he worked for yrs cutting deals at Piper Jaffray & really doesn't have a background in retail or apparel. He was just brought on by the PE group to shore up the books & salvage their investment in the face of tanking economy back in '06.
Sounds like its moving from one venture group to another. I don't think there is a huge worry about quality just yet. Wait and see if they change their board of directors. That could signal a bigger change.
We don't know why they're exploring the option.  If they're running into issues (read: profits shrinking) we'll likely see either a decrease in quality or an increase in price.  Otherwise, it could just be business as usual.
The owners could be winding down their current fund, which means that  any remaining investments need to be liquidated. AE was bought in 2006 for $100mm, and 7 years is on the long end for most investments (optimally 3 or less, but 5-7 is standard fare nowadays).  .$150-200mm... my gut says this investment was a loser, but I don't have the deal terms and they could have put together a great deal in '06. At this point, no one's really certain if a buyer will emerge, and I can only speculate that the current owners are pursuing a sale because the equity markets have been particularly frothy as of late. .A more interesting speculation game would be to guess the potential buyers. An IPO is out of the question. I don't see any immediately obvious strategic buyers, but then again, I'm not particularly familiar with the space.
Good point... that's not a fantastic ROI for PE and if they don't foresee further growth they probably want the capital to use elsewhere. .edit: I would love to see a classic clothing retailer expand into the shoe market with more than just a distribution agreement (e.g. J Crew selling Alden-made shoes, and Charles Tyrwhitt selling Loake (I think?) shoes).  Maybe all they want is to be a distributor of complementary goods, but maybe one of these retailers wants a more robust product offering.
AE getting bought by a mall brand that does all of its own manufacturing overseas would be terrible news. They'd just be after the brand name and not the high-cost manufacturing operation.
As a 19 year old who was going to wait until I was old enough to wear these and not be out of place, I feel a need to get them before they change ownership. The quality could drop like a rock
A huge part of the AE quality is their refinishing program. What's to say that doesn't get chopped?
Several good shoe repair shops (., for example) offer the same service at around the same price point, with equal or better quality.
He might not have the background in retail, but I think he's been quite successful, especially over the last couple years. At least, that's what he said in his AMA. 
Whatever. I don't buy Allen Edmonds anymore anyways. Their QC suffered so hard in the last years.
I actually did an informal interview for a position a few months ago. The employee I met with sounded like they were doing well from a profit standpoint (especially online sales), they were just trying to figure out and manage the whole venture/acquisition aspect of it. He said to, "not expect job security with the uncertainty of being a public company that was sold off in the past." Like some others mentioned, they might be sold off to a new venture group.
You have no clue what you're talking about. Their current owner is not a VC and Allen Edmonds does not fit the profile of a VC company. The word you are looking for is "financial sponsor." .An ownership change would almost necessarily entail a board change
Let's get the sketchy dude who wanted to do a second order of ebbets hats to set up a MFA kickstarter to buy it instead.
It's been a month. He's probably changed his username to "protect his privacy"
AEs arent the only shoemaker out there
That's true, but my older brother has a pair and I've been envious for quite some time now. 
Well, if you have a few bucks in the bank, the time is now! Nordstrom's anniversary sale has strands at like $220 new. I just got some daltons myself. There's a few other models included in the sale too.
That would be a steal. I looked online and it appears that the sale is only for card holding members right now. Did you get them in store?  
I'm really thinking about it, I'm usually a very decisive guy, but this would easily be the most expensive item in my wardrobe 
You can also call them at 800-235-2348 and they will price match the Nordstrom sale with free shipping.
I went to an Allen Edmonds store and they price matched my Daltons.  .If there's no AE store nearby, you could get a Nordstrom debit or credit card and get access to the sale now if you want, but it opens to the public in like a day and a half anyway.
Thanks for the help! Should be looking at pairs in a few days. 

Don't be silly, hippies don't wear shoes
What's the quality on the leather?
ask in the should/shouldnt i buy thread
blue or white shirts, black shoes

Navy Blue shirt, black suit/pants. Solid colors, no patterns. Be simple and elegant to allow her vibrant patterns to be the eye catcher. 
I am brown skinned. I have a black shit and black or brown dress shoes (whichever works). I prefer the navy blue shirt as the lighter color looks weird on me. Any suggestions?
Like pretty much everything Sperry makes they are absolutely hideous, but even moreso than most.
They look pretty bad, and not that versatile due to three colors in one shoe.  The reason they look bad is because of the excess stitching and the fact that it looks like a pinch loafer driving moc hybrid.  
what about the black/brown ones?
They look pretty horrible, in every color. The black/brown is even worse than the navy. Don't buy these.
I'm a big Sperry fan, and these are... not good. Not good at all. It's a horrifying loafer/sneaker/top-sider hybrid that doesn't have any clue what it should be worn with..Also, to nitpick, they're not technically Top-siders. Not everything made by Sperry with laces down the sides is a Top-sider.
please...dont. i think the navy ones are the best out of these, but thats like asking someone to pick their poison. none are good. if you can, just get mocs or loafers.
they look bad, they don't know what they want to be.
what about the black or brown ones? 
The full brown ones are the best of the 4..I'm still not a huge fan, though.
just as bad imo. it's more or less the shape that's ruining it. it's trying to be a driving loafer and a dress type of shoe with boat shoe stylings. not goooood.
Oh man. We have the same exact body..What I do is I get pants with a rise that 1) I like and 2) fit my butt. After, I generally get the calves tapered. It's hard to find pants that don't squeeze your nuts that fits a pretty big butt that also has a significant taper at the bottom. That's why I have to get them tailored. 
I have the exact same body shape as you, skinny top block with child bearing hips and an ass that could make 2 chainz call me big booty. I find slim fit pants actually help if you get it right to down play our odd shape. It helps slim the bottom half while I usually beef up the top half with layering. Aesthetically it makes me look more proportional. Make sure the pants you get taper hard though so they follow your contours correctly. 
Nice, I am the same. I just go for the skinnies in a larger size to accommodate. 
This looks like an athletic tie. I'm pretty tie-conservative, but still, I can't ever imagine wearing one of these.
If you require that exact tie, I think you could just buy the black version and then have the stripes printed on using a 
Predictions as to how soon this will reach the pinterest-type users ---
I've seen this tie at Saks Fifth Avenue. I was very close to buying it myself..I couldn't find it on the site, but it might be worth checking with the Saks off-fifth outlets..I can't recall the brand exactly, however I'm thinking it was Brioni
A quick search for "prodigy" on thetiebar.com returned ..
Fred Perry carries a tie like this.
It looks like a Gucci tie. The stripes like that are in Suits a lot and it's been posted before iirc.
I would totally buy your fake tie.
Become a pilot.
You can try ., although I'm not sure they ship to the US :/
Suits was the first thing I thought of as well.
haha, so would i...i might end up just making my own...i'm pretty hard-core.
They do.
did they just change this? I emailed them in May and they said they wouldn't ship to US, only EU. Instead, I had a relative bring me a tie when she was visiting from Berlin.
I asked one of the salesmen some time ago if they did, he told me yes. I guess he might have been wrong, but their website says they ship internationally.
thank you! i'll give them a look.
Dunhill? I didn't know the cigarette company also makes ties.
The toilet store?
Adidas!
Dunhill, apparently. 
yeah, i commented below, sorry i didn't make it more apparent. i did it in photoshop.
its a 'shoop
it does remind me of Adidas
It's by ..
i photoshopped the pic, sorry that I didn't make that clear.
so close. so so close. But hey, goodluck!
oh my god. this looks really similar to my high school uniform tie.
you can buy it in my high school shop :D
As someone in the military, the first thing that pops into my head is ..
I have one very simmilar to this only red with silver stripes, also its a skinny tie. Got it from Brooks Brothers.
Perhaps check the Toilet Store?
I have a solution for you:.Buy a black tie and a small toy race car. Use a razor to trim off any grooves in the tires (use caution, razors are dangerous!). Apply a generous coating of white paint on two opposite tires (i.e back tires - left and right). Then proceed to drive the car over the tie! .Repeat the paint/drive over process if needed.
have you checked Thailand?
Why couldn't you wear it to work, unless you're in court or some stodgy finance situation? It's perfectly fine for any other gig or a wedding. Don't be so conservative maaaaan. 
Dunhill is an cigarette brand, it may be company uniform.
Its not a Dunhill tie but in any case - in the world of MFA "Dunhill" refers to 
The shape of the letters is identical to the packaging.
Have you checked Adidas? 
or hot topic
$150 is a lot to pay for a tie, IMHO..You can find a selection 
This is great content let's upvote it to the frontpage
It's astonishing how many upvotes this has.
Better not post this in Simple Questions. This is a . question.
Was the someone Mike Ross?
I've been looking for that fucking tie for a year. I'm pretty sure Gucci discontinued them and i'm still trying to get over it.
I 2nd the Gucci idea.  He wore these same ties every single episode, amirite?
Which tie was that? Screencap of it / season & episode number?
Thought it was Prada, thanks.
I want pretty much all of his suits/ties.
Get a job as a flight attendant?
Winner.
Or an usher at Wimbeldon
edit: didn't realize that it wasn't actually a Dunhill tie, just one you shopped. I am not awake :(
sorry, yeah, i mentioned in a comment below that i just photoshopped one.
Probably the Tie Bar one everyone is recommending then.
Not your fault.. I was also like 'you can get it at dunhill. duh.' lol
Fucking fake Dunhill ties, always tricking us into thinking they are real Dunhill ties! I bet they aren't even made in England.
Not exactly similar but try this. 
The 3 stripe with 2 different tones isn't as awesome as the OP's tie. That 2 stripe just black and white would look great with a white shirt and gray pants.  I really want that tie.
God I wish trendy ties came in something other than skinny... 
nice find!
...i made this one in photoshop very roughly, but you get the idea.
Whew. I was about to plug 
Find a bespoke tailor.
I know express for men sells a similar looking tie
i checked their website and didn't see anything, perhaps in a store though.  thanks for your response.
I have a similar blue/white one from express but it's been about 2 years since I bought it.
Their website usually has a lot more than any given store (if you were to keep up on it), but the stores tend to keep stuff around after it disappears from the site..That said, I can't recall ever having seen anything like this from Express.
someone else mentioned express.  i didn't see it in the online store, but i live close enough to one that i wouldn't mind checking in there.
Yeah I've bought ties just like this from there, so I know they carry them
Why not just make it yourself?.It would probably take you less time to DIY some stripes on a blue tie than it took to make the photoshop image.  
i'm definitely considering it...i'll screen print it on there.  i just figured someone might have the link to a actual fabric patterned tie..EDIT: i did some googling, i might not even have to screen print it, i could just use some masking tape and use some nice fabric paint/ink.
Something tells me the die would just run through the fibers uder the tape and look shit. I've done my fair share of painting things and using masking tape for stripes. Even on smooth plastic paint can run under the tape if you don't get it pressed down well enough which you are not going to on a tie.
Depending on the material, you could probably get something decent with enough pressure and applying the paint very slowly..Won't ever look as sharp as the original, though.
interesting. do you experiment with "inking" your own clothes a lot? do you have a suggestion for a better method?  Or am I kind of limited?
I think OP would like a tie that costs somewhere in the range of less than several hundred dollars.
Ha, I was going to comment asking how you saw someone wearing a tie, and somehow found a stock image of said tie without finding anywhere to buy said tie.
"Hey I really like your tie. Could you send me a stock image of it so that I can ask the internet where to find one like that?"
I'm not gonna go digging through the site, but The Tie Bar is your best bet for finding what you want..On a really cursory look, any tie with a . looks most similar to your design
on a side note, how is the quality of ties from there? .Will someone see me and instantly know I'm wearing a $15 tie? 
I bought ties from them for my wedding last month. No problems. Can't comment that they'll last you for years, but they didn't feel cheap at all.
I have a couple ties. They look really good new. While one is wearing on me, it still has lasted a year and a half, which is decent value for $15.
I personally have a few ties there... Absolutely fucking brilliant. Do it. You'll wonder why you bought ties anywhere else
thank you for your response. i'll give it a look.
I own some of those prodigy stripe ties, most complimented/asked about tie I have.

Just got my . yesterday..Gonna post some pictures and my thoughts so far on the GD thread if i can get the pics from my iphone to my work PC.
Won't be wearing them together normally. 
MFA was split on the decision to reccomend RW Beckmans to a 16 year old, then I found these .5 size up and they were perfect, I could grow into them+I could put in insole for better fit.. This is with buttons,.Should I remove the buttons off the 4 pockets?
Bike.
.Smartwool socks (love em).Patagonia Torrentshell rain jacket in black..Laptop.
.College here we come!!!
Went over to Sunspel to get some super comfy polos. Man I love that place. Egyptian cotton is so soft, feels like wearing a breeze :).And then a few things for work and not for work. Some shirts from Hawes&Curtis as well as:
Wiliamsburg garment compant raw denim shirt for 25 bucks on final sale.This shirt for like 40.On of these for like 25 in navy though
. I know they're popular on here but man I really dig em and I got home from a bar Monday night after spending $30+tip so I was like screw it just buy the shoes man. So I did. Hopefully they're here before the weekend. 
Ordered a . and a . from ASOS yesterday
 and 3 Emerson Chinos from Banana Republic. Expensive weekend, but all my items were on sale. Got the sweater for $40 off and the 3 chinos for 45% off.
finally got a pair of . as well as .(not sure how this link will work).

Awesome bag for school and work commuting.
 because it reminded me of the cover to New Order's Power, Corruption and Lies album
Here's an album: .This is my first time posting clothes here, comments are appreciated! :)

,
.,
.,

Been looking for a pair of Alden plain toe bluchers in shell #8 to go on sale for a year and a half. Finally grabbed them at 30% off. 23 years old and rocking the trad steeze at the office now. First pair of shells and they do not disappoint.
Got . in both colors and it is seriosuly amazing.

i bought white cons 
 .They were on sale for $150 on the 4th of July (deal of the day) so I gave them a shot. Not bad little boots, with a couple of caveats. They're made in Mexico, first of all, so beware of quality control issues. Second, the fake distressing is ugly as shit when you first get them. Like they spray some cheesy grey stuff on them. But, that buffed out easily, and after a coat of polish they're actually pretty nice little dress boots. I find them super comfy and the leather doesn't seem terrible. Definitely worth it at that price.
I picked up . in the sale, just to get a feel for the quality/fit of their items. Hope it suits me. I love the look of so much NP stuff that I'd be pretty bummed if I couldn't get a good fit out of it
This . and its a little small but it will do. 
 from Nordstrom
So . (WARNING: High res) is my new backpack for school. I have a lot of stuff so a messenger bag wouldn't really cut it but I may get one for days when I don't need to bring everything. Comments on what may go with it are appreciated!

 .Penfield Gibson
Took advantage of the Jos. A. Bank buy 1 get 2 free sale and picked up 6 pairs of cedar shoe trees for $50.
And a crapton of games from the ..
My Weekly wants become Recent Purchases way too often.  I don't have a lot of self-restraint right now. . from Nordstrom Anniversary Sale.  .A double breasted .from an Ebayer in England. .Good time to pick up things for fall. Seems cheap.  
And a pair of .And some obenaufs for the boots.

Don't have any tanks and grabbed 3 off jackthreads because they had a buy 2 get 1: .,.,.Any suggestions of what to wear them with besides dark denim?  I was thinking some grey or khaki chinos.
Trying out Norse Projects..Edit: Shit, when I bought it on Monday, the sweater was like $18 more expensive, I should have waited :(
Got these $80 OTW Vans for $30!


 along with some t shirts and a bandana that i really dont know why i bought it but it was 3 dollars and it looked kinda cool. Looking forward to layering with the sweater.
 . . .American crew pomade & fibre .Men-u face wash. .Im going Ibiza at the end of the month, needed some cheaper clothes to tie me over. 
fall shopping
American Giant black zip up..I bought it a couple months ago but it finally shipped yesterday!
 from Gitman Brothers Vintage
. Found a pair cheap (but still expensive) on eBay and got my mom to pay for them for my birthday. 
I apologise for the horrendous photos, my camera is on the blink and unfortunately the iPhone will have to suffice! .Copped a . Both hunting/shooting themed but I think they'll work alright even when I'm not shooting helpless animals. 
A bunch of pocket scoop necks from H&M (feel free to recommend a high quality scoop neck because I love these)..Large paychecks whilst living without expenses is nice.
Wanted a black dip dye tee, so I ordered this one from AND.ALSO.what I got was this.Nothing like the picture. Mailed them, they said we could arrange a return and they would give me a full refund, but I said I would not pay for return shipping costs, as the mistake is not mine. They didn't answer anymore.
Bad experience, don't recommend. Oh, and the fit on the t-shirt isn't good either, the neck opening is too small, and the sleeves are baggy and long.
Did you get them using the Anniversary Sale price?

They are having an awesome sale right now..And .My wardrobe was lacking some grey.
I bought these . a couple weeks ago, my first pair of . in black (I think they're a bit long, even though I went a half size down. I'm taking them into the store to swap for a better fit), and ..
me too
now to beat them the fuck up 
Bought some ..
 - UNITED. - Our Legacy. - Saturdays NYC. - VANS
Vans sk8's,. Size S (selling for 39+shipping as that is what I paid for and its too small).Olive timex thats realy cool. that fits way better
the dreaded saint james sizing :/  I want so badly to love their sweaters but they fit so weird on me.
I know! and I hate the sleeve flairing!
what blk dnm model? i have the jeans 5 and they're nice.
I think it's that. Slim straight right?
yup
Decided to skip on the Norse Projects Jacket and switch a Folk cardigan for a LVC sweater
How'd you get it for $185?
Cousin works for J.Crew.  They had it special discounted something ridiculous like 70% off.
Jealous as shit. Need a new suit.
make sure to get that man something nice
She hooks me up with J.Crew stuff, I give her free personal training.
Ah just tried one on the other day. Fit perfectly but so much money. 
Bought this beauty
.
Some one tell me how to wear it
Nice, did you get the suit in-store?
Which vans are those?
They are Vans Cypress Rebounds. I have the same pair. 
Thanks, they look great! Got to get myself a pair now
I'm not sure since this is my first pair of Vans. It's an OTW collection that I picked up from Nordstrom Rack.
I also recently got some brand new Red Wing 875 for just under 100. Could I ask what product you would recommend to treat the boots?
I just cleaned them with a stiff brush,
then applied some mink oil, its what most of MFA reccomends as its cheap and accesible..Higher end I guess is what others would reccomend, .I have a full tub of mink oil, and when it runs out I'll most likely get this.
Okay thanks, I have mink oil so i may try it. I have tried natural beeswax and it turned out okay. I've heard good things about obenaufs LP so I'll purchase it. Cheers!
Hey I also just picked up some 875 for $130 from the clymb sale. Anxiously awaiting fall. 
how much / where did you get the merz henley? looks great
Independence in Chicago, $98. 
sounds like a good deal to me
I prefer the look without the buttons, ya. 
Agreed.
Good luck at school! First semester freshman year is a crazy time. Just make sure to go to class and take notes. Those 100 level classes should be an easy GPA buffer for when shit gets real. 
I have that exact same bag :P. Enjoy!
they're popular because they're sweet, I don't see why thats bad
It's not i'm not sure why I worded it like that, thanks man
Those $40 Nike Blazers some kind soul posted the other day. I love them. Any tips for taking care of suede sneakers? I usually only wear canvas.
Those are sick. Get some water resistant spray as soon as possible. You can find some anywhere; Target has some. I recommend you don't wear them until you manage to get the treated. Water kills suede.

Lanvin Dry Black Denim . . . ....and not a buy, but got it back from North Face lifetime warranty repairs with new straps and zipper....North Face Backpack . . 
I gotta get a new backpack for school aswell for next year and I really like the look of this one. Where'd you get it?
I bought it at . for 100$/65
cheers
sweet henley
digging it, where is it from?
I bought it at . for 100$/65
Pretty much done with cops for a while, going to save up for f/w now. 
how is the quality of the jeans?
They feel decent. I'm no expert but they feel a bit better than Unbranded. I got them for 50% off, don't know that I would have paid full price though (185)..Probably will be able to review better after I've worn them a while.  
Pics? That's real nice, how/where did you get a discount on them?
Picked up some .. Really need to pick up another style to add to the rotation.
I was meh about it at first, but I just so happened to be shopping in SoHo on the day of the release so I stopped in to check it out.  The construction and cut is really unique and the quality of the material was great.  They were out of mediums though so I pre-ordered one when I got home.  Figured if I don't love it, I might be able to flip it on eBay.
  Not blown away by the quality but happy with my decision to get them at the sale price.
Bought my first pair of Allen Edmonds. 
Never buy from this line again, these are not the real deal, they are made in dominican republic and use, typically, lower grade leather. Also, the sole is bonded instead of welted. Finally, bicycle toes are really ugly
And since you seem to know so much, what shoe company would you suggest, that is in the same price neighborhood. 
Allen Edmonds 2nds would probably be the same price during sales. Ive seen their BB strands go for as low as 159,99$. They are seconds but usually the defect is minor
I actually am thinking about taking these that I got back..too big. My old ones were falling apart and I needed something faster, and nicer. My old ones would cause this place to explode if I posted a picture. So I wouldn't mind going for firsts here in a little bit, once I can save some up in a check or two. But some seconds might hold me over til then. 
You should see my old pair..
Never been a fan of contrast collars, but nice buys
Thanks. I just wanted something ever so slightly out of the norm with this. I feel the lighter color could help draw attention up to my face a little as well
do you find a bag like that is functional? i'm thinking of making the upgrade but i can't decide
Well, since school hasn't started yet I haven't used it that much. I find it larger than I thought when I ordered it. The magnetic closing things doesn't really float my boat but that may be because I'm not used to it yet. 
Makes? Polos are a bit obnoxious, along with the contrast-button shirt.
The buttons are actually light blue/almost transparent on mine, the one in the picture isn't an exact match..What makes you say polos are obnoxious? .The v-neck sweatshirt and shirt is from Dressmann, the polos from Jack & Jones, and the other sweatshirt from a Finland-only store!
OK so this one is really gonna crack you guys up.  I bought a bomber/varsity jacket off ebay for $20 because I was looking for a cheap navy/brown one.  The description only described it as brown.  The first two in the album are from the auction, and the second two are pics I took.  Looks like something Cuba Gooding Jr. would wear in Boyz n The Hood.  Can't decide if that's good or bad...
pic of how the blue polo fits pls
Grabbed some Chippewas recently too, patiently waiting for them to show up. 
Oh wow I didnt know they get that much off. 
Usually they don't.  This was just special discount.
rly dig the wash on those topman shorts but i dont want them as shorts is there a jeans version?
How are the Nyco Slims? They seem like nice chinos but I dunno how much better they are than say, J. Crew essential chinos.
Glad to see some different tastes around here. 
Sure did!
Wait I thought that doesn't start until Friday.
If you already have or sign up for their debit or credit card it opened last friday
Why not splurge for the ae neumoks? What was the price after the sale?
If you are a Nordstrom cardholder, then you get access to their presale that started on the 10th
Norse has a pretty sweet sale going on atm. Definitely gonna check it out after work.
Please post a review once you have it in hand. I'd love to hear more about their quality and fit, and I'm sure there are other MFAers who would as well.
I waited 4 months for mine.  .Quality is fantastic, it's thick and full material and it just FEELS sturdy.  The longer elastic bottom hem takes some getting used to, but it feels comfortable now, although I do feel like I pull it down a lot to straighten it out..Fit: I ordered a large being on the upper end of the size range for a large.  It fits very comfortably just about everywhere except my love handles, which aren't significant, but I notice them.  Nice motivation to clean up my diet, in it's own way..I can post some fit pics later if you want?
Yeah, if you could that would be awesome! 
size large on 6'0, 225#, 36" waist, ~44" chest for reference.
nooooooooooo
I was checking out GBV's stuff on a couple of sites that are having sales.
This one caught my eye as well, it's a beautiful design.
I saw this shirt in Unionmade but didn't buy it (I knew i could find it cheaper somewhere online), the texture is unreal. Definitely worth the price I paid. 
Good to hear..I haven't pulled the trigger on anything from GBV yet but I may have to soon.
Looks good. Love those boots.
I LOVE American Crew's Pomade..I'm wearing it now..I have almost their whole line.
Its my first time, It hasnt arrived yet, but im looking forward. I've never really settled on a hair gel before. 
It has like no hold so don't expect to be able to slick your hair back or whatever. 
i want to see that SSS in a fit
I don't post fit pics but I'm sure someone will post a fit with that sweatshirt.
Both lovely, you'll love that jacket especially when it starts to get some real wear. They're your best friend in mucky weather.
Cheers bro! Yeah definitely, I can't wait for autumn/winter to really wear it in, I'll just have to purchase some wax dressing to keep it fresh
Shadow selvedge is freaking awesome. I wish they sold that shit in my cut. good looks 
What cut? They just restocked, and have a straight leg and a tapered cut, size 28-36.
I wear size 34 in the waist and have 27'' quads so I'm usually sol when it comes to fashionable pants. Straight leg might fit, but I just made the jump to raws and wanted a pair with some taper. Coped a pair of 3sixteen+ straight tapers that fit great. As a second pair some point in the future those straights will probably find a way into the wardrobe. Thanks for the heads up.
I love that colour way in the Roshe Runs, have you checked out the .? I don't know why but I really want to cop them and can't decide if it will be too loud..
I'm not really one for patterns on my shoes, but I can see why you'd like it. I say go for it!
Recently got some Beckmans too.
How did you find the sizing?
They run SO big...sized down a full size, they're a nightmare to actually pull on to my foot (tight), but when on still have a fair bit of room in the length. Nervous to start wearing them in if I've gone completely wrong.
Yes, you need to size down.  I'm a 10 on a Braddock and a 9.5D in AE Strand/Fifths.  I ordered both a 9 and 9.5 in the Beckmans.  The 9 fit snug, and I was able to get the merino superfeet insert and my foot into it out of the box before the leather stretched.  I'm returning the 9.5s. .They are really hard to get on without a shoehorn.  I'd recommend using one if you don't.  I think that's just the nature of the boot.  So, I'd say size down a full size.  
where did you find it?
Urban Excess was excellent, the Gibson was on sale and also sizing was available.
Have you got any of them in yet?
had been waiting for that sale precisely for the same reason. is it over now?
I believe it ended yesterday unfortunately.  
japan blue giving me a 404, . ??
here.
Many thanks
That picture doesnt really look like them. .Goto blueowl.us and on the dropdown bar It lists japan blue. select it and mine are the first pair. 
wtf i love this and hate this
I dont think it falls into the MFA code, but im young and im not rich ha
forget the MFA code. That pocket tee is awesome.
what? contrast pocket tees are definitely mfa approved
The first part and the second part were separate, that wasn't really obvious. I was answering his comment in the first sentence, then voicing my lingering thought in the second.
Things you don't say on MFA
Why not?
Well generally speaking, you don't want to be that guy whose parents fund their clothing budget. The people who pay bills and can't afford those pricey things get butthurt about stuff like that. In this case it was for your birthday so I wouldn't worry about it.
If it's for his birthday why would it matter?
I'm 28 and work full time and pay all my own bills and buy my own wardrobe. The shades were just a birthday gift, and I think she splurged on me because she and my sister are feuding right now. 
I'm just explaining the possible reason for the other guy's comment.
Yeah I didn't mean to come off as defensive.
usually not a fan of contrasting pockets, but pandas.can't hate on pandas
Why was it too big? Do you usually wear mediums?
i mean i wear a medium in their t-shirts and i have a zipup herringbone hoodie from f/w 12 that's a medium, so i assumed i was a medium, but i guess i was off on the sizing or something. probably a good thing i found out this way so i know what size to get when i get my sweatshirt
Sick cops man, loving everything here.
aw thanks mate
So jealous of the APC x Yeezy sweat.
linen? looks nice
Actually isn't linen, but really thin loose weave cotton
Wow such a long wait. You are a patient man.
I knew that would be the case. They've been backed up for awhile now.
i need to stop buying hats but i really liked this one
shitttt i wish hats looked good on me, that hat is really awesome
I just copped this hat too. That sale was the only way I justified spending over $20 on shipping. Can't wait to get it.
lol seriously the shipping was more than the hat was
I was thinking of getting that one, bought their last XS lightblue OCBD instead.
did you get it from the norse store sale? hat was only $21...with $28 shipping ugh
Yeah, it was only 47 since they had just a handful left. Only 10 shipping though since I live in Sweden.
How does that fit? I have kind of a small head and regular flatbill hats always have to go over my ears. Those look like they were made for my head..And if you wouldn't mind, could you tell me what the style is called?
can't describe the fit i'm afraid, it's gonna take a few days to get here from europe, but i know it's adjustable.it's really just a flat-billed baseball cap, just made of suede and wool, i haven't really seen many other hats like it  
This .As well as this .And (off topic), this Benchmade . butterfly knife.
I have the 32 also. It's great. 
Sweet 32.  I love my 51.
I'm not a fan of butterfly knives, but that one is beautiful
Could you post a picture of you wearing the shirt and tee? Thanks!
when i get it, sure!
I finally have a band tee that's not black. I'm kinda bummed it's not a tour shirt but, whatever, it's something to remember his Vancouver show by. $30
Seeing him in December, can't wait.
Nice, good looking band shirt
These are my next band shirt purchases .I like to show people I support the bands I love. 

How do you like the Unbranded denim? I'm considering a pair of 101 but being an online purchase I'm not sure about quality. 
The 101's are slightly tighter than 511's but the quality is pretty good for $80 or whatever they are.  Mine blew out a little seam on the left thigh but it took 10 seconds to fix and it probably isn't common.
That's pretty much what I'm looking for. Thanks a lot. How badly do they bleed on to other surfaces?
Like the other guy said mine haven't bled too badly either maybe a little bit here or there, I would just be careful wearing them around white stuff for a little while. I also don't give a shit about the sick fadez and had to rinse dog piss off mine fairly early on so that might have helped too. 
But dogpiss just adds to the character!! /s.But actually that's good to hear. I don't feel like ruining couches and bedding. I had a pair of raw denim before I knew what I was doing and stained a white hotel duvet.
Slightly tighter? I've only heard that they have a wider leg opening
Mine have only really bled when they're wet, other than that it's barely noticeable. Nothing like getting stains on couches or anything
Fantastic. Thanks a lot.
Yep. Oh it has bled considerably on my leather wallet, but mainly because it's literally been in continuous contact with my raws. Other than that you'll be fine.
Personally I felt that the 101s were a little bit tighter around the knee and thigh 
Huh. Thinking now its hard to compare to levis cuts.. I've had some fit me really well and some really poorly in same size and cut and wash.. 
And some . . . for around $7 each..I'm intrigued by the French wardrobe concept, mostly out of necessity tho.
Where did you get those beautiful blazers? 
Where are you coping those jerseys?
nice sweat and blazers
that westbrook jersey. awesome
Nice New Balances, I have the same ones in red. 
How is the American Giant sweatshirt? I am in the market for a sweatshirt and I was considering American Giant. 
They're backordered until August 15th, but I've heard good things about them. PM me your email and I'll send you a referral for 15% off
Love the NB backpacks.
Yeah it took me a couple weeks to find it in that colorway, but I'm happy that I waited it out.
I'll be the one to ask about the jerseys. Where'd you get em?
The Philippines, though I think they're produced in China so even these have a bit of a markup. My dad says these would go for like 25rmb which is like 4 bucks.
How's the American Giant sweatshirt? Is it worth the price?
I got one a few years ago before the run on their products. I love it. It didn't start that soft but it's broken in so nicely. You're really paying for quality. 
I don't know yet as they're backordered, but I'll let you know as soon as I get them. As for the price, there's a 15% off promotion if you're a first time customer, just get a friend to refer you.
Those blazers are gorgeous. Where'd you get them? 
In a Nike store in Barcelona a few weeks back.
Spain!
:( .Are those mids or highs?
i believe mid and high are exactly the same. 
Mids. endclothing has a sale going on right now and they have a bunch of blazers available, though I'm not sure if you'll find your size
Thanks man ill go check it out
Wait does American Giant have the grey sweatshirt back in stock?
Unfortunately no, backordered until mid-august. 
The branding/crests
Hm, yes. I do regret now that I didn't pay attention to this at the store, I was just thinking about the fact that they seemed to fit me very well (this is unusual since I'm very skinny). 
i like living in japan. 
damn bro
damn
Never realized the virgils have those little x's near the eyelets. Really nice.
Sales are fun!
That Our Legacy sweat looks really nice
gitman shirt is very cool
I know right..That hexagonal texture is making me itch in a really good way.
Where was that gitman shirt from? 
Unionmade
For how much? 
$130 on sale
Wow still too much for me on sale haha thanks though
I had store credit at unionmade so it was a steal
Ah that makes sense then. From a return? 
No I bought a Merz henley the day before the sale started so they refunded me the difference in store credit.
Ahh i see lucky you haha
Closeup on the OL sweat texture? .I've seen it marked down like 60% but didn't want to pull the trigger.
Still shipping from Sweden, hoping not to get hit with import fees.
Ahhh. The swedish post taxed the shit out of my orders from the US.
I got hit pretty hard with Fedexed stuff from Sweden but I'm in Canada so who knows if that makes a difference.
Fuck, praying tresbien will help me out here.
Don't you get an immediate 20% discount off the MSRP if you live outside europe tho?
Yeah, and it was heavily discounted
I recently bought . trousers new for 45!, a real steal in my opinion. They're from a lesser known japanese brand called Eototo which I believe are designed by the same guy who does the Sasquatchfabrix line (please correct me if I'm wrong). I can not get over how much I love them. I love the floral print pocket details, the thick white . taped seams on both the inside and outside of the leg, the soft inner linning, the heavy weight and texture.  Everything about them is perfect to me but now it's killing me that I'll have to wait untill fall to wear them as they're far too warm for the heat here in England at the moment. The only downside is I've never had a pair of trousers that need to be dry cleaned before.
ooo i saw those on ebay. nice pickup!
Look awesome. Found them still on sale on 
I fully recommend them for 79 especially down from 395!
Really nice find, fabric looks fantastic, especially for that price. Really interested in a fit pic.
Also, hate to be a nit-picker, but those are taped seams rather than selvedge.
I've got a few ideas for fits but if you have any ideas that'd be awesome. Ah thankyou! I kind of had an inkling I was using the wrong term but didn't know what else to call it. 
Those look amazing...good buy at that price
I can't wait to see these in a fit
I can't wait to wear them in a fit. Unfortunately it could be a while as these are pretty much only going to be good for cold weather
Just got a . Pretty excited about it. Picked up a . from uniqlo last week for a wedding. Insanely comfortable. 
That shirt will itch like hell the first few times you wear it because of the pinned in fabrick but after a few washes its really comfortable :)
uniqlo blazers - everyone says they run short. can you give me an idea of your measurements and what size you ended up with? does it need much tailoring?
I bought a small and though it ran long. On the other hand, I'm only 5'6. The sides had to be taken in. The sleeves were long as fuck and had to be shortened but I've got t-rex arms. Overall, a nice jacket for 30$!
holy fuck, everyone has this shirt ahahha. even i do. i wore it today..its so dope tho, your gonna love it dude. 
Hha I know, I just couldn't pass up the opportunity 
Fuck me when is it gonna be back in stock
WHERE DID YOU FIND THAT SHIRT IT'S SOLD OUT
not sure if you're an xl or xxl but i picked mine up from . NOTE: $21 shipping
I bought a shirt exactly like that at Club Monaco a month or two ago. I don't see it online, but you might find it at a brick and mortar? YMMV.

My brand new pair are coming in the mail today, I have been (im)patiently waiting by the mailbox and repeatedly checking the UPS tracking. Here's . on how to properly lace them. 
You'll get more compliments from friends and strangers than you thought possible about shoes, it's a good feeling when something so expensive and quality gets noticed, makes ya feel like it was worth the cost
Now you just need to fix that lacing and you're set
bar?
Yes
I like . too. It's more casual than bar, but only shows (from bottom to top) bar-X-X-X. Still looks clean but different. Bar lacing seems too formal for strands, imo.Edit: stoked to see opinions are worth down votes. Sorry I don't agree with you all
that's how most shoes are laced, I can't think of any standard lacing that doesn't have a bar on the bottom eyelet.
Went to the Raleigh Denim Warehouse Sale.Got 3 pairs of jeans, a jacket, hat, tie, and fabric that I'm gonna use to make a scarf.
love the look of that jacket
That jacket is great
It's awesome. But no buttons. Haha. That explains the $20 price tag. 
No buttons or no buttonholes and buttons? You can probably have some put on easily enough.
It has button holes on the chest pockets and cuffs. It does not have any button holes up the front. And no buttons anywhere. I think I can add buttons where there are already holes. Less certain about the ease of adding button holes though....It looks cool without, but I suspect I'd like to button the jacket closed if it's cold from time to time.
Depending on the construction buttonholes can be relatively easy to add, though it may not look the best.
i might just hit up raleigh denim and ask them if they will finish it for me. worth a try since i'm local. the button holes that are already there are relatively simple so i suspect anybody decent could do the work for not too much. alternatively, i might try adding a chunky zipper. i think that would be cool.
Did the pants have button holes? I noticed that not having a hole for the one visibly button on the fly was the flaw with a lot of the jeans there. 
The two raw pair I got were flawless as far as I can tell. The washed pair are missing a patch and have a bit of discoloration. I saw several of the ones missing button holes. If you got there late then I'm sure that was all that was left. $25 though seems a reasonable price for good jeans just needing a button hole. They weren't in a style I wanted in my size. 
Yeah... I got there around 10 and the line was already wrapped around the building. They were still a few nice pairs of raws in my size without the buttons, but I decided to pass. I'll get there earlier next year. 
Hopefully they do it again. We were talking some of the guys that work there and they mentioned they might not do it next year. We shall see.
Or go Nigel Cabourn with some metal clasps.
i sold it to him lol
Hhah ya, thanks for that! 
I have this really unjustified hatred right now. </3
 .Sold
I'll take it.
I have one in a medium too i might be selling soon. I'll let you know if I decide to sell.
for the money you'll lose reselling it, why not get it hemmed by a tailor?
I should clarify it's just baggy in general. All around bad fit for me. I wish I could just hem it :(
If its sold out, why would you lose money reselling it?
how baggy? i was looking to get a norse projects shirt, but I'm pretty skinny.
I just sized up too much. The small was sold out but I really wanted the shirt so I went for the medium. Unfortunately didn't work. If you go true to your own size you should be okay. I have heard that it does run long though so hemming might be unavoidable. 
are those nurse's shoes?
New here, hi. . Angle isn't ideal to show the shorts but it works I suppose. 

Looking for thoughts on the jacket.  My friends got it at an Express Last Hurrah store.  Probably will wear this for going out with friends and other non-business purposes.  It's a little too loud for work.  .The remainder is a separate outfit I happened to be wearing that day: 
White (edit:) oxford button up and Navy shorts from Merona
That jacket looks too big on you. Size down
that isn't actually an ocbd, which stands for oxford cloth button down. that collar is flying on it's own! as to the jacket, it might be a little large on the shoulders and the sleeves are a tad long. It looks like it might be pulling a bit, I'd have to see it with some pants and a tucked in shirt (side note: collar goes under the jacket lapels.) Looks decent overall though
OH!  Stupid me.  I forgot that it wasn't an OCBD (edited in). I mistook it for another similar shirt I have.  It is oxford cloth though. Thanks for the assessment!
Does this shirt fit, I think it might be too tight?

Sadly you're inbetween sizes it looks to me. If you're ok with the tighter fit, this works, but if not i'd try a different store
might be too small at the armholes. there's a lot of bunching around that area
I think that is the main problem, thanks for pointing that out for me!
It's close. I'd say it really depends on your personal style. I tend to like my tee's a wee bit tighter than many here would. I think it looks alright.
Yeah I guess it's nothing to lose sleep over but thanks for the feedback!
I think I might try a different store or just throw on a large and see how it looks next time I'm at the store.
I know that I need a new shirt with this, but otherwise I think everything else looks fine but I am leaving that up to you guys since I am trying to come up with a good birthday outfit..? Suggestions?
edit: don't stay for hours in the sun if you've run out of no-show socks and opt for regulars..
Looks good dude. I'd personally opt for a darker tee, but there's nothing really wrong with white here.
along with what contrapaul said, i think the double cuff makes the shorts look frumpy
Haha I love those sock tan lines. Nice touch!
Went to festival, started the day with trousers and thus, long socks, but realized weather was too hot, changed to shorts, but didn't care to change the socks. Now i'm being punished for that.
I'd drop the belt and watch given the casualness.
Do you feel the belt and watch gives off a formal vibe?
Maybe the watch, but the belt can still be casual..I'm a big watch fan, so I don't really have a problem with the watch. But I'd probably be wearing a watch with a NATO strap.
My point is that the belt and watch roll away from 'dgaf Summer fit'.
The watch is a NATO strap (Navy with olive stripe) and the belt is brown with a silver buckle..I've always worn belts with my pants, would you care to elaborate why this is preppy :) ?
Belting shorts tends to be seen commonly in preppy/ivy stylings. .Point is, the shorts, cuffs, and shoes are very casual, and the belt and watch remove some of this and add a stiffness to your fit. If it's hot I want neither on, and both are essentially 'flair' in the context of this outfit.
All right, thank you for explaining :)
Or a preppy vibe. Detracts from coolness.
the casual white t and shorts with converse gives a super chill vibe, and then the watch and belt throw it off. try taking them out of the equation
not feeling the shoes in this. would have preferred a lighter shoe or something other than chucks..also +1 to dropping the belt / watch. 
Hi, first time posting.
Trying to step my fashion game up..Today's work outfit:
.
.
.I don't mind harsh opinions as long as they're honest!
The shirt tuck looks pretty sloppy, as do the sleeves. Also I'm not sure I would cuff non-selvedged denim (I think it isn't selvedge, is that right?)
Cool thanks for the feedback.
I tried following the "how to roll up your sleeves" pic but I guess I need practice..Is the shirt just not long enough to be tucked? Seems like it likes running away..Don't normally fold the jeans, thanks.
It's the upper part of the sleeve that bugs me. The folds look nice for a workwear-y sort of look, but not for business casual. Then again, you're also wearing jeans. I'm not sure about the shirt, but it might not be long enough.
Starting with the top, the shirt's color looks kinda limpy, try a button-down collar for your next purchase. The way your rolling looks frumpy, try the sleeve-rolling guide on the side-bar. will make you look much more put-together. i think you need to size down as well, the shoulders look a tad large and there is an excess of material around the waist. on to the pants, a darker wash would probably look better. the shoes need to contrast with the pants, so don't wear any tan or navy pants with them in the future. olive or gray trousers would look better here, or solidly tan shoes.
Appreciate your opinion.
Looks like:
Thanks for your feedback.
I agree with everything here, and I think that either dark jeans or camel colored jeans or chinos would fix both the color issues with the shirt and with the shoes. .I think those shoes are very cool for a casual outfit by the way.  
Could match the belt to the ~leather on the shoes.
Thanks man. Recently picked up the kicks and they're not what I'm used to buying (I usually get sneakers, running shoes, etc)..You agree with the untucked shirt as well? I think it looks really messy when it's untucked...maybe a good indication that it should be smaller?
Yeah, untucked is probably better for this, unless the shirt is hemmed such that it needs to be tucked in (really long shirt hems).  .Sometimes tucking into jeans is okay, but I think that's if you're dressing up the jeans (i.e. you're pairing with a blazer) for some reason or shooting for a western cowboy vibe.  I don't see that in this one.  
It might simply be a "dress shirt" as opposed to a casual one. Dress shirts will be longer and look sloppy when untucked, whereas casual ones are shorter and look better untucked. You . probably go about slimming the shirt if you wanted to, there's a good guide on how to do it yourself in the sidebar. 
The belt is too long and it looks black in the pic, which doesn't go well with your shoes. I like the shoes, though.  .I think chinos would look so much better than denim in this fit.
Fit check/feedback on this denim jacket  
too large in the shoulders, but a little short in the sleeves. try a different brand, i don't think this one will work
A good rule is to have the shoulder seams at the corner of your shoulder bone. Other commenters are saying the shoulders are too big, this is good advice to find shirts and jackets that fit you better. 
It's not short in the sleeves at all. He already cuffed it once. It's too long.
OH is that a cuff? whoops im blind
Any critiques/advice for this Sunday brunch and coffee outfit? .LEC Shirt
AE Shorts
Soludos espadrilles
And FHT messenger bag
Shirt fits really nice, what your your measurements and what size is that?
i really like those bold espadrilles. Awesome outfit. I would've gone with a linen shirt to complete the summer look though.
thanks! and yeah, I've yet to pick up a linen shirt. It's about time I do.
You remind me of an Easter egg I knew once.
shoes and shirt match too much imo
That's fair, I'm a sucker for pretty much anything blue haha.

It's a Medium, and I'm about a 40". It fits well in the chest and arms, though the bottom is a liiitle wide for me.
Thanks, also what kind of bag is that.
Momotaro 0702.Hey all. I added the dumb effects to accent creases because of the dark denim and using a cell phone. I'm looking for opinions on the hip and butt area. Thighs feel good to me. The only reason buttoning was tough was because of the stiff fabric. There is easily an inch and a half of space between the waistband and my body if I stretch .The denim is a little heavier than I'm used to so the mobility is semi limited..Thanks! If these don't work out I just can't fit into momos!.I'm 5'10 175lbs
Size 34.
.
.

Fit is good dude
Thanks bud.
I think they're too big on you.  You won't get the kind of fades (whiskers and honey combs) your looking for unless the jeans are relatively tight. .Size down. 
I tried a size down and the thighs and waist weren't happening. Couldn't even button the bottom. Thighs were super tight too. I was just concerned if the top block looked too tight. Ill be tapering these professionally..Thanks!
Well, if they're at their limits in the thighs, I think you're right.  To wear momos you're gonna have to tailor some.  I would wear with a belt 100% to keep the waist from getting any looser.  
You said there's an an inch and a half of space at the waistband if you stretch it? The jeans will stretch even more when you wear them, maybe try a different cut if you can't size down on these, otherwise the waist will look bunched up and lumpy when you put a belt on to hold them up.
..
OCBD:  J. Crew slim fit.
Pants:  Banana Republic Kentfield Herringbone.
Shoes:  Navy blue Vans
pant and shoes blend together, go for more contrast there. shirt fits well, pants could do with some taper. try for more color. white sneaks would be cool here
Unbutton the ocbd one button more.
I definitely have a runner's build--finding slim enough clothing is a challenge in middle america.  I'll be in SF in a few weeks and will be hitting up Uniqlo.
if there's an h&m try that as well.
Oh yeah, I usually hit that when I'm on a trip.  I wish there was one where I live, but oh well...
Isn't MFA 3.0 Light blue OCBD, Olive Chino's pinrolled and white sneakers (Stan Smiths cough cough)?
Yeah . listed them in 
he didn't say 3.0, he just said the uniform.
Well this isn't 1.0 or 2.0 either so how exactly is it uniform.
ocbd and chinos are some stereotypical mfa uniform shit. he just threw on some sneakers.
try a pinroll on your pants instead
Oh wow, I used to do that in grade school--I imagine not as tight as a 1980s pinroll is appropriate?
uhm, i don't know what a 1980s pinroll looks like. i'm a 90s kid.but yeah, a sort of looser pinroll would look cool. make it more like a roll (something messier would look nice).
The leg openings on those pants are too big to roll up.
I suspected this when I saw the pic.  Thanks.
 Looking for some feedback..Edit: . are blue, not black.
a graphic tee isn't terrible, but a solid one would work better. the real issue is the beige + black being combined here, which when placed next to each other don't do well, with the black being extremely stark and unforgiving while the beige is much more earthy. Consider a plain white t and some blue sneaks next time. That, or maybe some navy or gray shorts. As well, the shorts could do with some slimming, they appear to be flaring out in the thigh. in the future refrain from leaving your hands in your pockets when taking your photo, it throws the fit off
Khaku and black look bad together, and I don't like the tee with this. A solid light color tee and different shoes would improve.
The shoes are not black, they just look black because of the photo quality. . 
So navy or denim would be better for shorts.
what's wrong with khaki shorts and navy shoes? I think it's weird wearing the same color shoes as your shorts.
The shoes are just more casual than the pants imo.
If you read my reply to the other comment, you'll see that the shoes are in fact blue, not black. The shorts I bought as usual, knee-length, normal-baggy shorts and then did some sewing on them. It was the first time I did something like that and didn't want to go overboard. In reality, they look a bit better than in the pic, I think. Thanks for the tips.
could you post a pic closer up on the shorts with no pocket action? it's hard to accurately assess the fit from this shot
My outfit yesterday from an .I feel like it'd be better with . Just trying to justify the cost.
The walnut shoes would probably be better for this particular outfit. The dark shoes end up being a visual anchor since everything else is so light.
Pants look a bit long. Can't really tell what color the first shoes are, but the fit looks solid otherwise.
They're brown 1k miles, they're the shoe on the left in the second picture. 
Are you wearing 2 different shoes at once...
Probably trying them on in the store.
I was trying the second shoe on in store. Trying to decide if I want to buy it. 
Pants should be hemmed
Take off your sunglasses inside mate! :P.Doesn't look bad, although it seems a little dark and I thought the chinos were a faded olive, but in that second pic they're light khaki. I don't know what color the shirt is but it looks like it fits well.
I was headed outside when I took it, thus the sunglasses. The chinos are light khaki, the shirt is technically lavender. Sorry for the lighting, didn't have access to a full length mirror so I improvised. 
Heard. Well lavender and khaki certainly work for a summer type vibe, and the Cliftons(?) go along with that vibe a little more than the burgundy shoes do. You could also cuff those chinos once or twice, I think that would look nice too.
The second shoes were AE Fifth Avenues in Walnut, the brown boots are 1k miles. But yeah, think the chinos might be too long. I got them tailored when I got them from brooks brothers, but I guess not long enough. 
They don't look bad, but there's always room for improvement! 
Why are you wearing shades in the elevator?.Shirt fit looks good.  I feel like the chinos would benefit from a cuff (otherwise you need to hem), and some slimmer profile and lighter colored shoes would be way better.  
he has to look cool for his internet friends
Because I was going outside. Agree on the hem/cuff and shoes like the one I was trying on in the second picture? 
The shoes in the second picture appear to be AE 5th Avenues.  Awesome shoes, way better than what you have, and you should cop if you can afford it.  You can also look into the strands, which are similar but with more broguing and a medallion.  
You're correct. I want them badly. I CAN afford it, but damn...Strands are going on sale tomorrow for Nordstorm, so I might get those instead if I can find them in my size and in Walnut. 
Not exactly an outfit, but can I get some input on glasses.
B. a if you feel edgy
A, B, C in order of preference. B is basically A but apparently with a slight slant inwards (looks weird) and C is just a touch oversized.
A
C, A, B
C would be good, shape wise, but they sit high on your nose. I vote B. Also, you have a neckbeard.
Any of the first three look cool, but if I had to choose B looks the best
You need to change your hairstyle holy shit.
C, B, A, D, E, best to worst.
A,B,C,D,E, in that order.
I personally like A or B. C seems a little thick and rounded for you, D looks awkward to me for reasons I can't explain, and the arms on E are far too wide..I'm going with A as the winner. They look nice mate.
cool. A and B are the same frame, just tortoise vs/ olive green. thanks for the input.
Glad I could help!
.
How'd I do? My shirt seemed long, but I'm not sure..I also wanted to know which one out of these shirts fit better.. vs. 
Yeah the shirt is too long..XS fits better
XS, for sure. The button up is a bit long because it's a size too big; it looks like the shoulder seams are coming down too far. I'm not sure if those shorts are pleated, or just have creases pressed into them, but they look strange to me in the pic. 
Thanks for the feedback! Unfortunately the button up I'm wearing is already an XS, so I can't really do much about sizing down.
Well, you could:.source: I was in the same situation, a couple months later my clothes are actually starting to fit well.  .edit: also, try shirts from different brands, some have slimmer cuts.
Thanks for the feedback!
My attire for work today. Express polo, BR chinos and Eastland Falmouth shoes. .Feedback appreciated. Thank you. .My own thoughts, now that I've been visiting MFA a lot: Polo fits well (the left sleeve is longer probably because I unintentionally pulled it down before I took this pic). The chinos could be a little slimmer at the thighs, and they seem a little long because of the many breaks. How am I doing? Thanks
Polo fits real well.  The chinos could be slimmer and I think that you should cuff them with those shoes (otherwise they're too long).  
I can't appreciate the shoes with the clothes on top. The light blue and gray pants are all cold colors, while you have a warm brown in the Eastlands. It would probably work better with khakis.
your own critique is fairly on point. first, fit. polo good. pants could be slimmer in thighs, but the real issue is the length. When wearing mocs you either want a clean break or preferably some skin showing, if that fits with your persona. try cuffing if you don't want to deal with a tailor (don't be afraid to cuff more than once.) As to color, i'm not sure if this is the lighting but the pants kinda blend into the shoes. if you had some ankle there to break it up, or maybe different colored pants, i think it would look better. or maybe it's just the lighting. also, consider for your next polo purchase one without a logo on the breast. i find logo-less polos to look better, but that's purely opinion
Thank you for the feedback. I didn't know that a clean break would be ideal on mocs. I'm not really comfortable with showing a little skin between my pant and socks, so I'll just cuff it for a clean break. .I think the Chinos are ., and the shoes are .. So, it must just be the lighting that makes it look like the pants blend into the shoes..Regarding the polos, yeah, the Express logo is too big, and I do prefer a tiny logo or no logo. The fit was good so didn't bother too much with the big logo on this one. .Thanks again 
ok, colors are ok then. yeah, fit is nice. good work
Hmm... I understand. I did kinda get that feeling today morning. Would a different color (maybe a . or pink polo) work better with these shoes and pants? .Thanks 
Gut feeling is that neither maroon nor pink would work, but I wouldn't know unless I saw it. I do get the feeling that white might work, however.
Got it. Thanks. I'll keep that in mind the next time I use these items. 
It should be [album](url)
I realized that just after I made the comment. Thank you
Gotcha... Thanks. I'll try the chinos altered to be a little slimmer and shorter if I can. Would I have to wear the shoes without any socks (or loafer socks) if I cuffed my pants though? 
That's certainly what I would do with those shoes. 
Ok. Looks like I'll have to do some loafer-sock shopping then. Thanks 
Probably not appropriate for how hot it was outside at that moment, but I was dressing for the cooldown. .I was trying to do something monochrome-ish, does the outfit work? Jeans are Rigid 511's in Dark Indigo. Is the shirt too busy?.Edit: Closer photos
The shirt looks like it's a size too big for you; the shoulder seams are hanging off into space.
I think the torso fits fine. The issue is the flair in the sleeves. 
It's a size small 
510s in black would work better here, otherwise solid
Oh man, I don't know if I could get that skinny with the jeans, these are already super constricting haha. 
they be doing something funky at the knee here .maybe something with more room in the thigh but more taper down under.
hmm, I . cuff once, but then they'd ride super high up my leg when I sat down.
You might just fit a size XS then. I also took a closer look at the pictures and my first evaluation might not be right, just that it seems like you're slouching ever so slightly.
I do have fairly poor posture. I tend to slouch because I'm so tall. Also Target doesn't make XS in their tees unfortunately. 
Work towards having a better posture, if you can. Whenever you catch yourself slouching, straighten the back. Knowing from experience it'll take about a month and it's honestly painful. You also need decent back muscles (often the reason people have slouches), but the eventual payoff is fantastic.
I think it works pretty well! Shirt sleeves might be a little off, but that's it
Yeah, I have no biceps or upper body whatsoever, once I get moved into a new place I'll probably grab a pull up bar and start some .. Thanks! 
I love it when OP knows what I'm saying without me saying it. Keep working man, looking good!
things look alright, but could you take a photo in which you are closer to the camera? it would be easier to judge the colors and fit of everything.

Gimme a few minutes.
I don't think I can wear 511s anymore...
I'm at goodwill looking for blazers.  I came across this yes saint Lauren jacket.  Does anybody know anything about this brand. Here is the fit.  .. Should I pull the trigger for 8 dollars? 
I'd take a pass on it. It's not fitting terribly well on you, I don't care for the lapels and it really looks like a suit jacket rather than a blazer.  
Fit Feedback - 

Unfortunately I can't give you any feedback about fit, but I'd like to ask about your shoes. What are they?
1901 blue suede bucks. I couldnt find a link. Here are some similar options
Ah, wonderful. Thanks!
Heh. My first thought was, "damn, would love those pants for work"
Both look fine, but the olive pants are less casual than you think, and a different shirt would be better with them.
the pant's texture is a bit like dockers. appropriate for friday wear but not nearly as nice as a wool/blend trousers.
He's probably talking about how they are pressed so as to have the crease down each leg
Agreed - not liking the crease + rollup combo.
The cut and ironing make it more formal imo. 
Thank you so much man! That was exactly the feedback I was hoping to get. Really really appreciate it. .I will readjust accordingly
bought my first white shirt, for some black and white fits.
what do you think about the fit?.It hits kind of half zipper, maybe a bit higher. The belly part could be slimmer. Overall seems fine but I wanted your opinion.
I think you kind of appropriated it yourself, it could probably be ever so slightly slimmer but that's risking over-slimming it since it's such a small margin..I kind of wanted to comment on other stuff too, though. Those shorts seem like they're cut a little weird since it's pulling so far forward and causing flare out the front. I'm also just a little frustrated by the socks you're wearing because they look like an extension of the shoes in a bad way.
shirt fits decently, as you said flares out at the waist, and is a little short. however, as to the fit, i wouldn't wear black/white like this during the summer. the white ocbd is just too biz-caz with the solid dark shorts, a t-shirt would work much better. with some pants for f/w this would look a lot better imo. also, the buttoned pretty high for this time of year, if you buttoned one less it would probably look a lot better
thanks! yeah I didn't really wear this outfit, I was thinking of wearing my black jeans instead. I actually wore a white tshirt.
as for the buttoned high button, it was for fit check purposes too.
ok good good
that makes sense too..The shorts do that when they're not properly pulled up in the back. I sometimes have them hanging lower than they should because I forget. 
Lately I've been wearing my sneakers sockless, always using baby powder before and after wearing them, but I was afraid the baby powder would be seen as the sneakers are black, so I opted for the socks.
Consider getting no-show socks? I forget where you lived, but if you live in a place where they ship . are a godsend.
I'm actually into this. 
i think it looks fine the way it is right now.in my opinion sometimes when the shirt is too fitting it doesn't really look good anymore
 Sorry for the bad quality pics 
Shorts seem a bit long. I have those same Sperry's and love them, though I'm guessing r/mfa will not.
Edit: on second thought they're not that long, but may be too wide around the leg. 
solidly white shorts would look better here. as well, they could do to be a little slimmer, but this works. the polo would look nicer without an emblem in my opinion, but you can ignore that if you're a fan. laces are needed here, laceless isn't working.  
Not a fan of those shorts at all. I'd go for a plain, one colored short.
Shorts are baggy and I always have dadcore association with windowpane pants patterns. Another thing, and I'm not sure why this is, but I still kind of feel like the shorts are a touch too long, which is weird because they're sitting almost exactly perfectly above the knee. I have a feeling this is because we don't know your full proportions since you don't have a full bodyshot.
Not feeling the shorts 
 Would navy shorts work better here?
You should stand in a more natural posture
I think navy would look better here, it would really bring out the shoes. Beige just kinda sits there and doesn't add anything.
yeah, i'd like navy shorts better in this. it just seems a little washed out right now. (you're also a little on the pale side which is why i think that might be it)
I need to get navy shorts that fit, I have some jcp ones, but they give me diaper but.  Thanks for the feedback!
Ill keep that in mind thanks!
diggin' the shoes dude, what are those?
I found them at an outlet store.
[deleted]
honestly can't see much from those photos. try again with more light. 511s won't stretch much, iirc they've already been washed. if you're continuing to grow and they already feel constricting however, i would consider moving on to new pants
I've deleted the post..Will take newer pictures with better lighting and post again.
Turn some lights on or go outside, is very hard to see anything in these pictures
Better pictures with lighting would help.
This might belong in simple questions, not sure..Just bought a few slim-fit shirts. Fit looks ok head on but there's still a ton of fabric at the back of the shirt that makes it look pretty poncho-y. I took a side shot that hopefully shows what I mean. 
I'm surprised you have to do that with slim fit. You can absolutely get it tailored. You can have them take it in at the sides or put darts in the back. Darts will mess with the pattern a little bit unless the tailor really knows what he's doing. Taking it in that the sides probably won't, although it might cost a little more (I just had it done for $20)..Brand suggestions: Maybe Uniqlo. Never tried it myself, but I hear their slims actually fit a slim frame.
Uniqlo appear slim from the front, but they have a shitload of extra fabric in the back. At least, that's what's up on my slim fit ocbds. Also, they aren't exactly slim: I have a 41 inch chest and I fit in their small slim fit ocbds without button pulling
wow, there must be a big size difference between S and XS. I'm 37", maybe 37.5" and I have to wear mine with two buttons undone now.

I need feedback on . I bought Pre MFA. I'm getting dark jeans pants, im just curious as to whether these pre faded jeans are okay?.EDIT: Fit is great, so ill keep them for using as a template for tailoring other pants etc. I will also keep them to use beaters as . said. 
don't fit that well
They look like they fit pretty well, but pre faded just tends to look tacky.
Fit is pretty good i'd say, your cuff is bad and fading is generally fround upon here, unless you made it yourself. .They're not bad, but do send of some juvenile and/or dadcore vibe.
Distressing is not great but not awful however they fit great, I say keep them.
i think they look bad.
honestly, they fit pretty well and don't look too crazy in terms of distressing. i wouldn't wear them to the office and i wouldn't wear them on a date. but i have a couple pair of jeans that are my beaters that i might wear to something where they might get dirty or torn or when i'm just out running errands. these could work well for that.
Gap/JCP/AE center fielder. Do the colors go well together?
I don't know about the striped shirt with the seersucker shorts, feels like an overload of pattern. I think solid shirts work a lot better. The boat shoes look great!
yep fits
that check pattern on that sports jacket is really hard to pull off. It's retro 1970's, 1980's. You really have to think through your whole shirt & trouser pairings on this one because it can clash or give that boho thrift-store impression.
Any suggestions?
I like the color combo... it's bold & bright, perfect for the pool or on the boardwalk. Look into summery footwear like loafers or espadrilles though.
everything looks good but id strongly recccomend to lose the undershirt.
earth toned shorts would look way better here. my eyes are burning
Cheers man, must say the shorts look brighter than they actually are on my right leg in that pic, but yeah
Definitely too large in the shoulders. Just doesn't look like a great fit.
I thought if I wore sunglasses indoor, everyone would critique that and ignore any other flaws in my outfit. Blast, foiled again. 
Looking for some critique on my . .P.S. are my pants too skinny?
So swag
wheres the vest from?
pants are fine but i think the watch is giving off a different vibe then the rest of the outfit.
i was feeling conflicted about the watch. in your opinion would i be better off without a watch for this fit? or maybe a more casual watch could work. i just cant decide man! 
Id just go watchless.
This is goooood. I would prefer black denim, but indigo works great as well. 
i was thinking the same thing. would that still work with the same shoes though? 
not my style but I like this.
Looks good. I'm in San Diego, and I'd be sweating my balls off. But it looks good.
yah man, i'm in Santa Barbara. the jacket was fine as the temp is around 66 here, until the fog receded that is
Oh, I'm in inland SD. It was in the upper 80s yesterday.
how's coastal SD? i'm going to be moving to La Jolla for graduate school in a month and i'm afraid my outerwear won't see the light of day anymore
Depends what kind of outerwear you mean. Like a heavy jacket? No. Lighter jacket? Maybe. Sweater? Definitely, but only for that small sliver of winter..But you'll still see people wearing all kinds of stuff. I went hiking at Torrey Pines in La Jolla (highly recommended) back in December. I was in shorts and a t-shirt. I saw people hiking in a full on North Face jacket with hats, gloves, and face masks. It was probably in the low 60s.
cool. i'm in bay area so its a little bit chillier but low 60s sounds like jacket weather for me.i can probably dump all my heavier coats though
Oh, I'm from Chicago. 60s sounds like shorts and t-shirt weather to me.
it's actually a denim jacket w/ cotton sleeves from the men's section at... (pause for drama) ...forever 21
I'm diggin it, pants look fine. 
pants aren't too skinny. is that jacket one of those combo denim jacket-hoodies? i'm not a fan, although you do the colors pretty well here. the denims are two different shades, and the grays compliment the different blues. however, i think a different top would benefit you as the current jacket looks fairly juvenile. going with either just a denim jacket layered over something like a button-up, or going with just a hoodie, would look a lot better. sneakers look good
This here shirt: 
.Si or no?
I like the pattern but the collar is kind of whack
Looking for a new grey shoe and found these: .I'd buy them because they are the versatile color I'm looking for and stand out a bit among many boring grey shoes. What do you guys think?
Don't buy these
, not sure if this is "too sporty"/too going-to-work-out for me when i'm out in the field.on an unrelated note, 
For the duffle you could get the . one..The backpack is cool, but you want something in a similar aesthetic that's super cool and functional check out ..
Not sure what your intentions in the bag is, but I wouldn't go with any of them to be honest. Not a fan of duffel bags and the rucksack looks like it's almost only polyester and looks like a plastic bag.
Looking for some good shoes for F/W that I could wear with a suit but also more casually. .Really like dub monks, .And another Meermin I like,.Related: any advice on buying european?
I really don't like the pebbled leather on either pair of Meermins, especially for a suit
Yeah, they used to have a beautiful pair in tan calf that wasn't pebbled but I don't see it on their site anymore.
You can still get it, just gotta ask.
I want to buy a pair of white sneakers. I currently have a pair of ., which I have a hard time wearing with jeans. I really like the way they look, though..I'm considering the . or the .. Anyone have experience with either of these shoes? I'm mostly concerned about durability and comfort to some extent. Or could you recommend other similar shoes? Or a different color (gray?) you think would work? Thanks.

It seems hard to fit an outfit around it, have any ideas what you would wear with them?
Clothes.

god lil wayne and trukfit is like the least trill you can get on the trill scale.lil wayne tries to go pro and he can hardly stick a kickflip
Never seen chambray like this...Also not sure if it's worth the price.
That's an awesome pair of shorts. Just be careful with shipping/tariffs
Roshe Run Floral
Yes? No? 
Nah
I like, but they would be really hard to pull off
Not typically what you see on MFA, but I'm loving the colors on this tee and its from my favorite band. Can't decide 
I've been thinking about throwing down some cash for some Sperry's A/O's but I just can't justify buying them with only 1.5-2 months of summer left. Should I just man the hell up and buy them or wait for next season? 
They're pretty ugly. Get jordan 1s instead
I can't find many fit pics of them :(
(most prices at flight club are too high in my opinion, just wanted tho show you how many options there are).
Y-3 duffle doesn't really seem like it'd be your style
I've been looking to buy a pair of light oxfords lately. I found . on ebay, they're listed as Allen Edmonds Brandon oxfords, at $90 including shipping. I can't seem to find any kind of information about that model of shoe online though. Anybody know if these are worth grabbing?
no, collar's weird
Thank you, Pronssi.
These AE Rimini? $48.00 at a thrift store. They are black..
* .
* .
* .  
Big no no.
why?
Im liking the first one better.
dark green ribbed jcrew sweater . Measurements taken while laying flat.
Chest (underarm to underarm) ~ 20"
Shoulders (mid back seam to seam) ~ 15"
Length (back bottom of collar to hem) ~ 24.5"
Sleeve Length (seam to cuff) ~ 23.5".I have about a 38" chest so this should fit there correct?.would you consider [this] . to be a natural/beige color? They call it a camel tan.
Thinking of buying those Red Wing Beckmans on sale. My current shoe selection includes Clark's, grey vans slip ons, soludos,  and a vans boat shoe knockoff. Worth it?
Definitely a yes, I got a pair of Iron Rangers and after you break them in, you'll want to wear them every day. Also, ladies love them.
link to the sale? 
Starts at Midnight. Nordstrom anniversary sale is what he's talking about.
I'm so pissed. This whole damn week I've been trying to sign up for a Nordstrom card to get the sale early, but their 'application system is temporarily down' since LAST WEEK. And there's no store in my area to go to, so I have to hope I can get them tonight online.
Yes
Nordstrom anniversary sale has them at 199, pretty much a no brainer if you're after boots 
Holy cow. I might have to pull the trigger on that. Thanks a lot. 
Do all the Red Wings go on sale during it? I've been meaning to pick up the . for a while now.
only shoe that is canvas that will come in my width.  white or the salt blue?.12-13 ee.

Need a new bag for school
Some gold rimmed ray-ban aviators
with green polarized lense, yes
as my go to grey shoe? I kind of want a sneaker that isn't as "youthful" looking, if that makes any sense. 
The pair you're replacing is the best out of those.
If you want a sneaker that isn't as "youthful" looking then don't get such a youthful color. Go with the Jack Purcells in a classic color, like white or navy.
id get the purcells, but i dont love that color
Is the new one I posted better? 
What about these customs?

 gonna buy some leather laces seperately
No
nope
why? You think vans era look better with their thick sole?
dark blue is a troubling color for a shoe because it severely limits your pant options. I dislike the midsole as well. Looks like a skate shoe. I also don't think they would benefit at all from leather laces.
What about the midsole? 
it's okay to not like things for no particular reason aside from not liking how it looks.
But what particularly about it's midsole is different than others? 
i don't particularly like gum sole especially on vans, could have something to do with the size of the midsole, it's just my opinion.
why not?
Not a fan of the open lacing and the canvas looks synthetic
Well doesnt the van authentic and era use the same canvas? So your telling me . looks better?
The vans canvas is different. The blue's you posted look more synthetic, as in it has a pattern or texture..Vans are a smooth blank canvas. And in simpler colors can be paired with multiple outfits..The shoes you posted would be hard to pull off unfortunately.
Just curious, but what is it about dark blue shoes that limits the pants options? I have some dark blue Sebago Docksides that just never look good with most of my pants and I can't put my finger on it.
any of these footy sneakers?.anyone have any recommendations for luxury/classic football boots/sneakers? I'd love . but my friend already has them. 
I think they all look good actually. Very sleek profile.
3 is best.
1 or 3, depending on whether your wardrobe is more earth-color based or navy-based.

are you paying $90 for it?
Love the graphic, but I think burnt orange can be hard to work into outfits. What colour bottoms are you gonna pair it with? Do you intend to wear any outer layers? Of what hues? I think it could be a little tough to pair, so maybe not the wisest choice if you don't already have versatile tees.
burnt orange + blue = awesome
burnt orange is a great colour tho
Hmm...I thought it was red. Dark wash denim would probably be a safe choice but what other colors would you recommend? .At the expense of looking Ronald McDonald-esque, I kind of like the yellow shorts. Slate blue chinos, grey chinos, khaki, and, though I don't really have any, even . 
burnt orange + midwash jeans.luvvv
I'm not a big fan of graphic tee shirts, I don't like it alot.
Nope. $63 shipped and with taxes.
I bought this a little while ago, it's cheaper in hypebeast than need supply co. a little thinner than I thought it would be and the sleeves flair a bit, but the burnt orange is a really nice colour and goes pretty well with the navy/beige clothes that make up the rest of my current rotation.
?
 I already have a pair of the 574 backpacks in burgundy but I need a pair of gray shoes.. 
where are these 46 bucks
Macy's.
Cheap grey sneaker. Sure go for it. 
where are you finding them for $46?
 .Comes out to 46 with $10 shipping and taxes.
Damn.. I need a new pair of these, but they don't ship to Canada.
If you're sticking to getting these, . has them for $34
Thats what i planned on, shipping makes it 46
Ah, okay.  Carry on.
Thanks for making them sell out before I made my decision..
Well, it was posted on fmf like two hours ago, so it was bound to sell out pretty quick.
Don't really need two pairs of newbalences IMO. I'd say pass.
. It's probably going to be a no unless I find them in store, but I'd like a few more opinions.
Ick. Personal opinion, gray shoes are kind of hard to work with, especially when coupled with a teal that reminds me of summer frat a-shirts.
No. The teal/turqoise color on the shoes is a big no no with any color tbh.
 for 450 eur
plz buy it already 
sufu dude stopped replying :(
y did u take so long :(
I didn't, I asked and he said he'd send me pictures via email and then he never responded
Yes 
Is that new? 
No, used. But acr used doesn't really get much cheaper
Tell me about it _. If you're looking for a bag that's a pretty solid one though on the smaller side. .I've also been looking at Mission Workshop bags, which are significantly cheaper but not Acronym (if price is a factor). 
Got any pictures of them in action? Stock photos don't really appeal to me
I think . has the small messenger, that's the only one I'm aware of. There might be a MW thread on SF or SuFu with action shots. I've not really looked into it that heavily.
sure if you really want it
Yes.
I'm sure te construction is great, but the design looks like the kind of thing you can buy for $20 at target. I'd pass.
show me something that looks similar for $20 (or $200)
Well nothing is gonna be exactly the same with little details, unless it's a knockoff. But there are tons of cheap bags like . that have a similar aesthetic.
450?! No way man. Maybe if it was full leather. I couldn't justify paying that much for a synthetic bag. Maybe check . out? They are a similar style and are a quarter the cost.
Hate the look of chrome bags, totally dif vibe than what I want. Thanks anyway though
Look at Mission Workshop, they have a more subdued aesthetic.
Do they all look oversized to you? Less military inspired than the acr bag, but closer than the chrome ones

Very cool
Yes, love it
dope
Onitsuka Tigers as a casual sneaker?
the plainer ones are okay. The busier ones are too much though.
They are regularly recommended around here as a go-to sneaker. Just make sure the colors aren't too whacky.
Just do it.
I just picked up a pair like two weeks ago. Love them. I found them at, oddly enough, Newburry Comics for around $50. See if you can find them at around that price point, because idk if they would be quite worth it at ~$85
How's the fit? I heard they may be slightly small.
slightly small - maybe half size or so. I wear a 9.5 in Vans and Chucks, and a 10 in Nike frees and the tigers I have are 9s
got a raise, want to treat myself . or .?
are you looking for a jacket? .i think a north face would really suit your style for around the same price as those and they look dope..but if you had to pick one i'd say the silent. 
ya, just something different from my penfield, a little more harsh looking if that makes sense. .tnf makes some great stuff and i've been looking at them for a while, i just can't seem to nail down a piece i really really want.
 and it's pretty cool.
that looks really good! pics on the site definitely don't do it justice.
aha, has a nice mesh lining so it's slightly breathable and has mesh pockets for concealed air holes which i thought was genius..that said still up in the air if the extra money for goretex was worth it as the h2no models and havent were like half the price, we'll find find out in the winter.
The Silent Damir by quite a margin. I'm kind of tempted to buy one myself...
Go for the silent damir doma jacket. It's amazingly gorgeous and a good price.
250 for dis one in olive . are you an S or L?
oh shit that's rad, and i'm an L. thanks!
1 because I hate the cut of that bomber. If I could get any parka in that price range 1 isn't what I'd buy though
 . .Which of these backpacks? . .  . 
The NBs and the sweatshirt are both really good buys if you're in the market for them. The 3 backpacks you linked are an interesting selection, just b/c you put a kanken in there. The kanken is a very different style from the other 2 and it's also much, much smaller. Personally I'm not a fan--- the size could never work for me and I don't like the feel of the material, plus the straps are pretty bare. For me the choice between the makr backpack and the everlane backpack comes down to price point, although if you're a student in high school or college, I wouldn't get the makr backpack just because I would feel like an asshole walking around with something like that at my hs/college. (No matter how cool something looks online, it's important to consider whether you would personally feel like an asshole wearing it)
Okay. I am in HS and you made a good point about the Makr. Thanks for the input!
NBs and sweatshirt - pretty safe bets.I like the first backpack out of the three. . is similar, but seems a little bit more rugged/durable/technical
I like the bag but I really don't want one with synthetic straps.
Looking for a chunky derby type shoe considering .Although these are a little expensive.any other suggestions preferably brown or black for relatively casual wear like 
i own the docs and they're cool, i bought them because they were a 1/4r of the price of postmans and looked the same. 
I would go with the postmans. There's a lot of great response from the appearance and the quality of them. 
buy the yuketens and i'll trade you my postmans for them >:)
I have the postman chukkas. I would go with the postmans they look better than the docs and have less going on than the yuketens.
not the docs. yuketens are cool but less "versatile" than the postmans, as well as being more expensive, so its up to you
Another option - 
these are really cool but considerably less chunky than the others.that bit of contrast tho, thats sick
Yeah, they're sexy shoes. I guess Creepers are probably an option too.
I think the difference between those docs and postmans comes down to your budget, if you can afford the postmans and you want them badly enough I would go for them over the docs but I don't think the difference is going to be catastrophic. People are saying the yuketens are too busy and they are kinda busy but they're a different look, so if they're closer to what you're going for, then they're definitely a cool shoe. Obviously they're further apart from the fit you linked, though.
This .. I was about to buy it a few days ago but then I was offput the $20 shipping fee..Still, I can't help imagining myself wearing it with black skinny jeans and white sneakers.
You know the quality will be p high. I've been very happy with my Tiger Fleece.
Man, I just spent $200 on Norse and CDG tho T_T And shipping is like 20% of the cost!
Keep an eye on styleforum and our very own . b/s/t. Various W+H show up fairly often so you can get it cheaper. .I was looking at a W+H henley today but then I dropped $300 on shoes :P so i feel ya!
cop it, it looks cool
Need a new pair of running shoes. Thoughts on these 
You should go to your local sports store that sell running shoes and try on a lot of different models and brands. I would suggest Nike free runs 5.0 or the 2.0s, Lunar ones, the new free flyknits and etc. Go with what you feel most comfertable running in. 
Not sure how big of a runner you are, but I'd go one step further and stop by a local running store, if you have one. They'll help you find a shoe that fits your stride. Seems like a lot of companies are also releasing multiple models with an eye towards attracting more fashion-forward runners.
Yes I forgot to add the help from the running/sports store. They can help you find near perfect shoes for you (If they know what they're doing). They'll measure if you run on the tip of your feet, on the heel/ball of your foot and etc. 
Thanks will definitely do that.
Go to a running store and try on a bunch of different models in different sizes. A lot of stores have a running gait camera now which can be really useful. Don't be rushed in the process. A lot of the time it's impossible to tell if a shoe will be comfortable for 15+ miles by running on a treadmill for like 30 seconds. Make sure you ask about return policy because of that. Also, wear the kind if socks that you'll be running in when you try them on. Buying online is usually a bad idea unless you're really familiar with the brand/model and have been running in them for a while. Whether or not they're fashionable shouldn't ever really be a consideration imo (though I hate how ugly and neon-y most running shoes are now). I personally swear by runningwarehouse once I've figured out sizing. All that being said, those shoes definitely look cool and i have teammates who swear by lunar soles for their trainers. Personally they are too soft for me. Source: ncaa xc/track athlete. 
Frees aren't great for long distance running. 
Doesnt matter what they look like. Different runners are better depending on how you run. Don't make a decision like that based on looks, your knees will thank you.
Depends on how into running you are, there's a store called Roadrunner Sports that sells just running shit. They measure your foot and find a shoe accustomed to your needs. If you want something simple, Nike is good. If you have some dough to spend, Asics makes good running shoes as well.
Seconding what this guy says. . is the only place I go to for finding the right running shoe for me. If you have one nearby they'll measure your feet, put you on a treadmill and look at your stride, tell you what type of shoe you'll need, and literally bring out those shoes.
I have a 65% off opportunity at the online Oakley store that doesn't expire for a while.  I am already getting a set of ...However, this jacket caught my eye (in Gringio Scuro):.  .It looks more baggy and shiny in the product photo, but in the . looks significantly more like what I'm looking for.  .I will probably only wear it at the skate shop I work at until it gets colder outside, but $40 for something like this is what I've been waiting for.  Should I get it now with my imminent sunglass purchase, wait for an opportunity like this to roll around again, or pass on this entirely?
The jacket's pretty cool, but if you don't have a pair of sport sunglasses already (e.g., wraparounds like the . or .), I would totally get a pair. They're not particularly stylish, but my polarized Radars are amazing when I bike, run, climb, or hike.
I've had a set of these . with ruby-iridium lenses for three years now.  It's still the best fitting  and most durable set of glasses I've ever worn..
They don't quite go with some of the stuff I'm wearing now, which is why I've chosen the Plaintiff, but I fully expect them to last another five years or so..
My previous set of metal-frame Oakley glasses lasted a decade, so I've been consistently impressed by their products.
Yeah, I lost a pair of Radars a couple of years ago and had to get another pair. I got a pair of clubmasters for wearing outside of physical activity, and I love how they look, but they don't fit nearly as well or feel as well-constructed as my Oakleys. 
My only concern with getting wire-frames is on-person storage.
I need to figure out a way to store my glasses that won't damage them when i'm not wearing them, and also won't fall out of my pocket when I'm biking or skating.  I don't want to carry a case or bag everywhere, so I'm a bit stumped..I guess this isn't the thread to discuss that though.
Yeah, it definitely sucks. I just stick my oakleys on top of my head, but the arms of my Ray Bans are too short for that. I usually stick them in the collar/button area of my shirt or in my shirt pocket, but if the arms are loose enough, they can easily fall out if I bend over..If your style is a little preppy/fratty (or you don't give a shit), you could try croakies.
I'm using some black . at the moment, but I'm honestly not sure how bad it looks..Ideally, I would love a back-pocket carry option, but I'm not seeing it with wire-frames.
I'm thinking of getting the Allen Indy 403's. Are there any owners that can give me some feedback before I pull the trigger? 
Yes. Do it now. 
There's a lot of reviews on MFA, Styleforum and other websites. You just gotta search. 
I would. If you're patient, you can search around for other makeups of the Indy from places like leathersoul, context, and leffot. 
1st and favorite pair of boots, do it and dont look back, size down 1/2 size.
a good margin abive allen edmonds in construction and qc. quality horween calfskin and an iconic boot.
Red Wing Beckman chukka as a step up from CDBs...yes/no/what?
meh. I'm not a huge fan of workboots made into chukkas. the toes and lasts look awkward usually, like the just chopped the top half off the boot. The beckman chukkas do look better than others I've seen though
Personally I think chukka's are the worst shoe model ever made. So I would say no on any kind of desert boot/chukka. But my opinion aside, I wouldn't go with the chukka just to "upgrade" from Clarks. I mean, it's the same shoe model. Make a bit variety of your shoes.

I don't hear good things about Allsaints leather. I heard the leather cracks and isn't worth the value it's sold at.
If you wear a large normally. Then i would say go for it. MA-1s like that jacket needs to be fitting precise to look as good as in the stock photos. If they are oversized or too small then it won't work that great..The jacket looks great even though the things tied to the zippers is annoying me/ruining the look of it a bit. I would say go for it. I would suggest taking measurements of yourself and match them to the online information. Tall/normal upper bodies is great for MA-1's but small torso/upper bodies doesn't work that great and will make the jacket bulge if you zip it up. (Talking personal experience)
What exactly do you mean by your first sentence there? if i wear a large normally? why does that matter? :) thanks a lot for your reply btw
Because it seems like it's only in L and XL on the website you linked. 
Right, haha. I think i will wait a bit, could do with losing 5 kilos or something, gonna get on that first, and then try and grab this in medium later on in august or something. Hopefully they restock.
I actually hear that they are known for their leather.
i saw allsaints leather irl and it's lol-tier for the price 
Hmm, thats too bad :( Can you recommend similar jackets that are very simple leather bombers in the same sort of fabric as the jacket linked? by fabric i mean the way that leather look. 
 does a nice bomber for the price and it's only 100 more but the quality will be far, far better..with that said if you want to stay on the cheap i recommend not getting leather, apc does a cotton one in a similar style/colour. 
Is it still possible to get TOJ?
yeah for another week or 2, email them

i'm not a fan of 3/4 sleeve shirts or jerseys.
hate their logo feather thing
Buy it
 or . or some other black mid-end bag that's not techy that I'm missing?
man that toj daypack is like the perfect backpack
should i get . or . or neither
I'd go with the 996. 
996.576 grey nb's so boring and so overdone
i like the 576.
I'm digging the 576. 
576
576
Hey man. Nice options. Smart ones, I say. Now it seems like you would be quite the intelligent young man. A young man, say, that would, I believe, go to, I suppose, a top business school, or something of the sorts, and have, I dare say, a 4.0 gpa, or as other say, a grade point average.
Is there an inside joke here or are you insane?
looking at a 1:1 vote here lol
  I usually wear a size 10 in Vans Authentic, was wondering if these run large by any chance?
You should get the yuketen version of these boots. But if you don't have the money for it, then go for the Wabash Red Wings.
Yeah I was seriously considering those. I get paid tomorrow lol so if they're still around I will definitely get them. Do you know how they run size wise?
yes on both norse. shoes are sick too.
My RW 875s ran about a half size small. Not sure if these would be similar in fit.
Ah gotcha. If that's the case I'll wait on em. They do have a moc toe boot on the same site thats a half size big for me though ha
This jacket?

H&M wear always looks better in pix than in real life. Buy it & post up some pix. With jackets & cardigans fit is key since it can be expensive to have them tailored.
The fit was excellent in the 40R. I went to the store earlier and tried it on. Neck seemed a little wide for my likeing but I assume it's the way they are supposed to be. I have a longer thinner neck (i am 6'4 with a 15 1/2 neck) so jackets are usually hard to pick up.
pretty settled on getting a pair of White's (heard the hype, then was amazed at the relative affordability for custom made shoes). oxford with brown CXL, Christy sole. anyone have a pair of their own - do they match the praise? the pictures look wonderful.
Just customized . Chucks.  I didn't realize that customs were included in the sale and have already pulled the trigger on some plain white Purcell's.  Worth my $60?
The shoes seems okay except for the plaid white/grey/black linen inside is horrible. 
You'd obviously never really see it.  I just thought it added some flavor.
If you want it as your "fun socks rebellion against society" kind of thing, then go for it. As you said, yeah no one will see it. 
need help deciding on a jacket for f/w (very mild winters here).anyone else have any other suggestions? right now im leaning towards the penfield even though its basically double price. also anyone know how the topman jackets are quality-wise?
Penfield is much better than the topman ones. 
 
[First post here] My fashion sense is pretty bad. I'm long overdue for a complete wardrobe overhaul and now finally beginning my journey. My first priority is my shoe situation. It has been a nightmare for the last decade+ which I plan on ending today with a trio of buys to the 'staples'. I'm the type to gladly pay a premium for top quality, but I still want to know if it's money well spent.
Hate to burst your bubble, but I actually dislike all of these. those sperrys are a mix of way too many inspirations, and just have a very crowded and unappealing aesthetic.  the shoes by timberland look incredibly overpriced for what they are; the flip flops also suffer from overpricing, as well as having a kind of affected look to them.  .Look through the submission history by ., he did a great series earlier about summer shoes which might be of interest to you.  If I were you, I'd look especially at the penny loafers entry and the espadrilles one if you are looking for something more interesting than "bland sneakers or sandals" .best of luck!
Thanks for the reply, sobering as it may be.One thing; I checked jdbee's posts, one included a link to "10 shoes every man should own" ... and #8 is almost the same exact loafer I linked (but stringless) >.<
One of the things detracting from that shoe is the cuff laces (the strings). They're  there for boat shoes and such because they actually link to the laces in the front, and can be tightened/loosened around the ankle. There aren't any laces on loafers, so it ends up being a vestigial and rather stupid looking add-on. The other two things that really take away from it is the contrast stitching (would look better if it matched the shoe) and the sporty sole (would look better with a more conservative sole and again in a closer color to the shoe. .I don't know what link you're referring to, but a good example of a loafer would be .Skip that timberland thing and get regular espadrilles instead (TOMS). But don't actually get toms because their pricing is terrible and their "activism" is worse..And unless you're at the beach, flip flops look terrible. Always.
Well, I may be letting personal taste cloud my judgement.  I'm on mobile so I can't find that specific post, I just know I'd much rather have the simple silhouette of a beefroll penny loafer.  If you have your heart set though, get them; can't let the internet's opinion change your personal style
One of the reasons those are ugly is because they are a hybrid of driving loafers and boat shoes. Hybrids almost never look good. 
You're pretty close to the right path here, cool that you're trying to upgrade the shoes because a lot of people here find that to be the most important piece to finishing out an outfit..For the loafers, I have to agree that there is way too much going on with those and the sole especially makes them look bad. For a classic, versatile, and attractive option in that price range check out the Bass Larson..Casual summer shoe...definitely go through jdbee's excellent summer shoe guide series.  If you're looking at those Timberlands, I'd suggest some normal Sperry boat shoes or some espadrilles, these shoes seem stuck somewhere in the middle and a lot of people find canvas moc-toe slip-ons to be pretty ugly (disclosure: I belong to that camp)..Sandals are fine, just be aware a lot of people here are categorically against visible man-feet.
Thinking about asking for some sort of "boot" for f/w for my birthday in a month. Probably gonna be between the Red Wing Iron Ranger and CDBs in beeswax. I'm in high school so I feel like the cdbs might look a little more normal to wear, seeing as literally everyone only wears sneakers. Any opinions?
I'm in highschool too man. Gonna be a sophomore. Go with cdbs. Redwings in highschool would attract too much attention and I think would be a little tacky. My CDBs get mocked as is. I'm drooling over Redwings too though haha. 
Get iron rangers, they're a lot nicer
I also know CDBs are a decent amount cheaper and I could probably get them from one of my grandparents, while if I got IR's that'd be my entire present, and I desperately need some other winter clothes as well. Yeah, explaining this out makes me think I'd definitely rather get the CDBs. My feet might still be growing and I'd much rather splurge on a decent pair of boots once I'm sure I'll be able to wear them for a number of years.
This is good rational. Get the clarks on Amazon to save them some cash. Ideally order. 5, 1, and 1.5 sizes down and then take advantage of Amazon's free returns so you'll only pay for what fits. 
Yeah, honestly I might look for a shoe store near me that carries them, go to the store to find what size fits best, then order from amazon. That's what I'm actually about to do right now for Sperry's.
Haha, yeah that's what I was thinking. I got comments at a party for wearing chinos, like seriously?! CDBs are nice cause they're low profile and won't attract too much attention, but will still look super nice.
Man highschool blows. Like I'm shifting from more casual v necks to like ocbds and stuff and I'm gonna get so many comments. I just wanna wear cool stuufffffff without everyone going OMG BUTTONS 
Oh my god, I know man. I'm still like the only one of my friends who wears shorts that you can see my knees in. I have such a basic style and I still feel like it's too much.
I don't have a pair of boots. At first I was going to go with the RW Beckmans on sale right now, but I started really looking at the Alden 403s and I'm in love..Should I go with the Indys as my first boots? 
I like the profile of Alden Indy's better than the Beckman's. It's a bit sleeker without the protruding rounded toebox that's a signature style of Redwing (they manufacture industrial/construction footwear so it's expected). I think it depends on your style and how rough-hewn your outfits are going to be. If i were to lumberjack it up with plaid & flannels, I'd choose the Beckman's.
 Up until now, I've had my eye on a Chrome Citizen. Now I'm not so sure. This bag is way cheaper but that strap looks less comfy and it looks a little busy when open..EDIT: Ok I just found . It's similar to the M-51 but less...huge. Should I?
Too army green for my taste. Would look better if it were olive imp
It also comes in black.
I know. I just have the tendency to avoid black at all costs as none of my clothes are black and I'm afraid it would clash
AE Park Avenues for $225 at the Nordstrom sale tomorrow? I currently have one pair of black dress shoes and they are terrible.
Go for it. I did the same thing last week. You might not wear black shoes often (I certainly don't), but they're an absolute staple item. 
You're kinda like the new hooplah aren't you? Except more bubbly..At least it can no longer be said that there's only one girl CC.
I miss .. No one can replace her. But she's definitely been a great inspiration to me in her work in FFA and also her commenting history in MFA. She knows a lot and it's been cool to read a lot of her posts and steal wisdom from them.
She told me to up my shoe game once. It was awesome. 
I could've sworn I saw her comment on something like today or yesterday or something.

Bubbly?
Less... abrasive?
Yeah I see what you're going for and Schia definitely has a very different reddit persona, I just think bubbly gets used to describe female posters when male posters would be called "nice" or "helpful", and bubbly to me implies some kind of manic enthusiasm. Idk though
Interesting. I've always used bubbly along the same lines of upbeat and bright.
yup, i get the image of very cheery and upbeat when i here bubbly
See: her FFA flair.
I actually think "manic enthusiasm" is appropriate to describe me. But yes, it is definitely more a term people attach to girls. I would say my Reddit persona is very similar to ., and he's usually described as "nice" and "helpful" and "cheery".
You're much more cheery
No. The backpack itself seems cool but definitely not worth 450. You could get two great backpacks for the same price. 
lol
I'd pass.  That colorway is so boring.
Why though?  You can only wear one at a time. 
saddleback
wot
You're suggesting a saddleback leather bag as an alternative to acronym? 
at least you're unbiased
Considering buying these pants. How's the fit/look?
This is pretty much my "uniform" but I'm going shopping today for the first time to change it up.  I've never felt comfortable in shirts due to my unnaturally large breasts (I'm a male -_-) so I'm going to change that by getting new clothes, losing weight (I've already lost 30lbs!) and gaining muscle.  So wish me luck!
Very casual at work.  Slowly trying to have a better wardrobe.  First thing to go was printed tees.  Everything target.  My wife hates the cuffs but shorts look too long without, what does she know.
Hey all, how am I doing? Couldn't find a feedback thread for today
The polo fits well. Unbutton the button though.  Also I'm not digging the shoes. And they're also too close in color to the shorts.  
Just got in my new shoes and henley from MYHABIT. I'm thinking of bringing in the sides of the shirt, thoughts?.Dorsia/Thrifted/Rockport

First post! .
EDIT: For some reason the Vans looks reallly clunky, they're not that bad irl
The Shirt is too big 

I don't agree with the other guy, cuffing your pants that high is fine and I actually think your pants look pretty good here. As for the rest of the outfit, the shirt is OK but not my favorite. The pattern is decent and summery but the epaulets are a little off. You could take them off with the seam ripper and that would improve the shirt. The shoes are a little bulky, they look almost like skateboard shoes (I know they're Vans but Vans makes more stylish shoes than that). An oft-recommended, cheap and attractive summer shoe that would work well in this outfit would be a pair of white or off-white Vans authentics. Hair style is working well for you. 
Architecture intern
Roll the sleeves a little tighter, they look really big in that photo

fit of pants in leg is kinda weird and laced shoes would look better than boat shoes here. 
Zara Jacket
Uniqlo Cardigan
Bullhead Denim
Supras
cool as hell
This looks awesome. I don't live the cardigan too much, but it still looks good as a whole outfit. 
that jacket is sooo nice, really cool fit dude
Thanks for the recommendations, so both buttons on the polo unbuttoned? what shoe color/style would you suggest?

Just came home after work. How does my outfit look? Shirt looks a wrinkled cause of my undershirt, is there anyway to prevent it and make sure it looks crisp at all times? I appreciate any input and suggestions. Thanks! 
I think your belt is too long
Tie is too close in color to the shirt, and the outfit would benefit from greater contrast between the 2. The sheen finish on the shirt is a bit gaudy, and a muted color would look better. .As for the "wrinkles" they will happen after normal wear. The shirt will work it's way out of your waist band and the extra material will bunch around your midsection. Most fit photos will have a well executed tuck for the photo, but will loosen up eventually. Taking in the sides to remove some of the extra material, especially slimming up the arms, will remove a good portion of that. .On the pants, pleats [the small folds along the front near your pockets] are suited for a wider framed body. You should look for flat front pants. 
smaller belt would be nice. it shouldn't be sticking over the edge like that.
I'm absolutely new here so take my advice with caution, but I can tell you what to do for the shirt.  Invest in some ., I had some when I was back in ROTC and they're lifesavers especially for people like me with short torsos.  They'll pull your shirt flush with your chest and you'll end up more comfortable in the end.  .Also I think a darker tie might suit you better :x
Woah those are awesome! where could I pick one up? thanks for the suggestion! 
Yeah they're lifesavers.  I've never bought them myself so I really wouldn't know where to point you but I'm sure the guys here have 100 places and varying opinions :)
No worries, I never knew those existed so I am ever thankful of your input, thanks again! 
Alright, nobody else here has given you comprehensive advice, so here goes: (sorry if it sounds terse, I'm just trying to be helpful).Hope this helps!
I'd prefer more contrast between the shirt and the tie as well as flat front pants. Also, a better belt..Shirt might be a big bit on you this is why it's bunching up and has wrinkles
Thanks so much for the reply! How would a white or black tie look? What do you mean about the pants though? And what belt do you think would suit me better?
He means that the pants you are wearing in the pics are pleated pants - the pleats are those two points on either side of the fly where the fabric is gathered. Its an older style that makes your waist look puffy. Flat front dress pants dont have that gathering of fabric. Because they sit flat, they look much better and cleaner..As for the belt, as . said, its is just too long - ideally it wouldnt go much past that belt loop..The shirt isn't terrible, just keep it tucked tightly. It could fit better, but I'm sure its not easy for you to find dress shirts that are slim enough through the body.
First WAYWT, apologies for the less-than-stellar quality
.
Scotch & Soda | Guess | Toms
I like the pieces separately, but I think you should switch out the shoes.  They're the same color as the pants and don't look great together IMO. 
I like the shirt. The pants look a little baggy 
Shoes?
Great start man, colors work well. Don't let her get you down on your fashion change!
A little long, but otherwise a pretty good fit. The shirt is a little loose for the slim fit of the pants though.
Good luck bud, keep up the weight loss. Don't buy a lot of new stuff until you're are your goal weight. 
Unless you're still young and growing the exception to this is shoes. You can always buy shoes..If you're still growing then good luck.
Are those shoes big on you? They look sleek, just clownish
They fit well, I just have size 13 feet.

whoa
Late. Oh well..Custom tee, $8 clearance hot weather jeans, New Balance x J. Crew 1400s. and ..
look at this guy a CC now! congrats!
Tee is cool but not loving the height of the cuffs. If it was really hot tho it makes sense
agreed. cuffing that high needs smaller cuffs
Will do. All about white ankles you want to show though.
i think a pinroll would look better
Yay! 
I like the fit of the tee..However, imo, this would look better with a smaller cuff/roll
first post

hm*2/nike

Shirt is cool.
Went out shopping. Target/Levis/RW.Boutique had a 50% off sale so I bought a couple Scotch and Soda Ts. .I like the red striped one.
Not a fan of the red striped one.. Just personal opinion.. I like the 3rd fit the most...I would suggest to rotate the photos before uploading them as it doesn't take that long and goes a long way...Keep it up :)
which red wings are those?
Iron rangers
lol rebellion!.looks good though.
Yea she has kinda laughed at all my attempts to be more fashionable but she will come around once I'm completely in shape and my wardrobe is fully replaced.
Hey all, was shopping today and wondered what you thought of the .. Cheers.
Love them both!
Jeans are a good fit, hoodie is a bit too gimmicky for me - than ship sailed a couple years ago.
Not a fan of the hoodie..Jeans look good, a bit too skinny for my taste though
I prefer method #3.
Vans/511s/Vans
If you can't do 510, try 508s.  They taper more below the knee.  The jeans are a bit long, so either hem or cuff them.  Nice 
Ive been meaning to get 508's. And that gif made me 
Now who's going to be a part of the big three??
Chalmers, Chalmers and Chalmers
Lebron off the bench?
6th man of the year 2014. THERE'S NOTHING HE CAN'T DO
like going to the Lakers in 2014-15, am I right???


Try cuffing your jeans

I personally think rolled short-sleeves look weird on everybody but you might think about doing a small roll of the jeans (look a little too long otherwise). Seems like a solid fit otherwise.
Alright thanks
 
I like this, what are you wearing?
Is that shirt from jcrew?
uniqlo actually, it's their linen shirt.
ahh, their linen sizing is an awful fit on me. I know it's supposed to be looser but the medium is huge on me, the small is actually pretty good except it pulls really bad around my hips.
yeah its a weird cut for sure. the medium is pretty loose on me too but i don't really mind, helps keep me cool.

nice to see your face, so hanzum
:3
uniqlo, jcrew, llbean
Somewhat hard to tell in the pic, is that the uniqlo chambray or denim?

I would prefer different shoes here, it could just be the lighting but everything from the waste down including your legs just seems like differing shades of brown and it's making a boring look.

Definitely think this is on point, it's blue suede shoe season... or really anything that isn't tan.
Those shorts in the last pic are really short...
Workin' for the weekend.JCP on JCP on Sperry
Are those jeans? I think this fit would really improve with chinos. 
They are cotton chinos. The harsh lighting may be throwing it off.
It was actually cold the other day.  Finally got a chance to try some layering.  Really wish the white shirt was looser..Lands End | Arrow | ASOS | Uniqlo | WESC 
American Eagle/American Eagle/Chippewa
Overall pretty good but I feel as though the leg opening on the jeans are simply too small to wear with the boots. It's giving the clown shoe effect since there's such pronounced narrowing at the ankle.
Not sure if it's the shirt's loose fit on the body or the length, but it's making you look a little boxy here.
The boots are rather clunky and your shirt seems too long. The combination of the two makes you look short. Color combination is good at least though. (People will bash for AE, just a heads up)
Thanks for the feedback, my short torso makes shirts a hassle but I'm working on finding more cropped fits, the boots are regrettably steel toe and wide (EE) but I have small feet and they were so they're a little clunkier than ideal, but I got them for a great price.
Hey man, I like your fits. You seem to lean towards an Americana/workwear look and that's the stuff I like. But I'd like to throw in my two cents. You mentioned:.I don't have a short torso, I'm just all around short. I've realized that getting things   for a great price . rarely makes it worth it. It sucks but I pay for tailoring and anything footwear related is most likely not available in my size (on sale). I pay full price for things that others may be able to snag on sale. Pay the extra dollars for proper fit. I sometimes get annoyed that I have to pay $10 bucks for things like a $15 shirt to fit me properly but as soon as I put it on post-tailoring, it becomes invaluable. Being short sucks sometimes...might as well own it and look as awesome as possible. Return the boots. Tailor the shirt.
Thanks for the feedback. I've moved in this direction more recently but these shoes actually fit quite well, they're a 6 EE, although a 6.5 D may have been perfect neither of these sizes come around very often in my comfortable price range, let alone this pair for $60. For shirts I completely agree and have been doing this lately, this shirt is old and costs less than the alterations, I'll probably favor replacing it next season. 
i disagree with bliss, you look a . taller then you normally look, so you're definitely making great strides with your outfit choices. do take off those flags tho.
Everything looks ok, I would take the little american flags out of the boots though and your shirt looks too small in the shoulders (also the neck, you should ideally be able to do up all the buttons if you try)
Thanks for the feedback, I'll definitely be taking the flags off, and yeah this shirt fits too snug at the top 
I feel like unbuttoned + tee is more of a summer thing and unbuttoned in winter defeats the purpose because it's cold out
To be fair, it makes sense sometimes. You need to have a modicum of warmth so you put on the coat, but at the same time it may not be cold enough to warrant buttoning it up entirely. Leaving a coat unbuttoned is kind of a way to throttle the warmth of a coat to somewhere in the middle.
fair enough
Izod + Dockers Alpha + Stafford cap toes

Yesterday:. Pants/tank from Fabrixquare, probably never going to purchase from there again but these things turned out aight. Creative Rec. Good lifting shoes but not ones I wear out often.. Later switched to khakis, as the pants started to look less and less cohesive as I wore them more. Also probably rolled them up more than I should have. Gap, Bonobos, Dexter. .Old ones I apparently never posted:. H&M hat,  River Island, Merona, Levi's, Frank Wright. Boots are brown but were freshly treated at this time.. Must've had something to do that day. H&M, J. Crew, Gap, ASOS.. F21, Gap, Dockers
All of it works well enough. Your tie's a little weird, but it honestly looked fine regardless.
The way it ends looks like he tucked it into his pants and it became his fly
Maybe it's just me, but in your last picture your shoes look too big. Looks like they're about to fall off, which kind of threw off the look for me. 
Last one? The blucher mocs with the floral shirt? Or the church fit? Because they're thrifted, so they are too big :P
The relaxed day one. Thrifting makes it make sense, just throwing it out there. 

Really like church fit. Khakis were probably more appropriate, but this looks good
nsw sweat.uniqlo cargos (black).flyknits
this would be better with air maxes or something similar

the sweat grows on me everytime i see it on the d.so homepage, sort of like a disease that i'm okay with.
its cool cos the swoosh is actually like a terry material.and ull eventually give in
this is awesome man. wish you had a better camera
would like to see this with af1s and oldschool nike snapback instead 4 max nike power

Is that the medium jacket?
No sir it is the light. Sorry for the crappy pic.
 thrift, thrift, sperrys
P.s. I will post a fit with the nike zig zag blazers soon. If anyone cares lol
nice, I would like the shirt to be an inch longer, but it looks good on you.

I care!
Agreed, I'm quite tall so its hard finding shirts that are long while at the same time being slim enough.
Yeah I always think when I see something like this "yeah but when he sits down you know his lower back is showing..."
can't see shit
#webcamproblems
change the "m" at the end of the url to an "l".
huh?

Bit late here.  My take on the MFA uniform I guess.  Mirror selfie today - couldn't be bothered to get someone to take the photo for me.
tell me about your supreme x schott jacket
I'm sad it's way too fucking hot to wear it. =(
comparison w/ your toj: which do you like more
I'd say the supreme x schott, but only because I feel like I've been going more monochrome lately and it jives better with how I'm building my wardrobe nowadays.  That being said, the ToJ is still amazing and will be my go to jacket when I get tired of wearing so much black.
rly want some form of a minimalist double rider that has slim sleeves, high arm holes, not cropped (i.e. goes to my belt maybe a bit lower), and has no zippers at the arm hole.rly finding this difficult to find
Sounds like ToJ is your best bet on getting this.  You've still got a week or two left to put down an order according to their tumblr.
don't wanna buy mtm yet bc still growing ;/.might just wait to find one on bst in a year or two
What pants and jeans is this really like them.
NEUW hell jeans in black. Really like how much they taper and how well they stack. Got them at Oak NYC. 
Sneakers with contrast would be better here, not knocking the CPs they're great.

My first WAYWT post. I'll post the last few days... .Had to lighten the picture in PS, so the colours might be a little off.
.. The outfit is a little more fall than summer, but it was a cloudy day.. .I know the shorts should have been ironed.
Is the t-shirt too short? The sleeves flare a lot, but that is the model. .. .,  weird posture to get a regular angle.I somehow managed to wear a lot of APC these days.

What exact Jcrew chinos are you wearing the first day? Thanks
the cut on the shirt is bizarre
I'm wearing jeans in the first day? And the t-shirts are the only J crew things.
Ohh okay thanks!
Something is just a little off with all of these. The colors or the fits are just a little off in all of them. Can't get behind the DG sneakers either, the eyelets are too flashy or something
Yeah, the eyelets are a little flashy. They're completely worn out though. .I bought them when I was 16, when I was going through a bit of a phase..Could you maybe give some more insight in to what's 'just off' in the fits that don't have those shoes?
Day 1 is pretty good but the shoes kind of throw off the proportions a bit. Day 2 makes your legs seem short and the proportions are off. On Day 3 the shirt is too short and the shoes contrast too much. On Day 4 again your legs look really short and the henley looks too big. Also not too much of a fan of the pants i guess. I'm kind of being a nitpicking asshole I guess
The shoes? I guess I just have big feet? I' 6'2" with pretty small feet for my height: 43 in CP. So I don't see how they could throw the proportions off..The proportions in day 2, and most my pictures, just look weird because I'm tall and am taking the picture from eye level in a mirror..I think I agree about day 3, definitely about the shoes, but i didn't bring any other low sneakers to where I am..The henley isn't a henley. It's a sweater with buttons. Bit different, but that's why I like it. The trousers are the same as on day 2, they just are sitting weirdly in that picture. . I think it fits me better than the model
day 1 is great... other ones are good too, but I particularly like that jacket.
[deleted]
They're just plain blue navy sneakers. They look a little gaudy on these pictures though. I think lighter sneakers would have worked better with the day outfit, but I don't have any with me..Does the green tee really clash with the jacket? I thought they worked okay together. The jacket isn't as red as in the picture, and the t-shirt is slightly darker. 
BR/Unbranded 201/Wolverine 1000 miles/Frank Clegg.
.

Bag and boots look really nice.
I'd have sex with that bag.

Are those 1Ks Brown or rust? I'm deciding on which color I want, but everything looks so different from pic to pic.
Those are the brown. If you don't have a pair of brown boots already, then I would go with the brown because it's more versatile..The rust has a red,yellowish hue out in the sun.
Hmmm. OK. I like the color of those. I have some brown desert boots, but I kind of like the look of the red tint also. .Thanks!
Picked up this beauty from the new Gant Rugger store in Chicago.

I think dark blue buttons rather than tan would look perfect with this. The tan buttons stick out to me.
You are not seeking forgiveness
Really nice suit, wish the following things were different for you:.The pocket square pattern is too much and matching with the tie. I don't feel that tie here, it's way too busy against the suit. Subdued tie would work..Non-button shirt would look nicer. Paler blue if possible..There's nothing wrong with your shoes but I'd prefer normal leather to suede here.
Tall man.  I'm not a fan of double breasted but it looks good.
Something makes this look like you are wearing a pajama. Probably the combination of those shoes, the ankle showing and the pattern on the suit.
this is a super cool suit but i'm not sure i like it on you here
Not OP but interested in why. I think it'd be better with a non button down shirt and a solid tie or a quieter pattern. 
qlo / us army issued circa-early 80s, cut off to 5" inseam / gats
Nice. Wish i could see it all at once.
i'm working on it, not a great spot in my summer sublet, come fall there will be fuller fits.

get a khaki field shirt or something to be full mil
yeah would be cool, am on the hunt.


Different colored shorts would be cooler

Nice fit on the jacket.
Thanks. It's a little big on me but not too noticeable. 

very chill
man this just make me want those ol shoes more. on or off courts?

On courts. TBS has them on sale right now, you should do it.
only size 45 :(
fuck don't tempt me 
ah shit that sucks.I got them from tbs when they only had a 20% off code so I was kind of kicking myself for not waiting until this sale but they probably wouldn't have had my size so I guess it all works out.
probs just gonna cop for full price at some point. what's the leather like?
I don't have a ton of experience with nice leather and I haven't had the shoes for that long but I wouldn't expect a ton from them. They feel pretty plasticky. On my pair I don't think the creasing is that bad though and the overall construction is pretty nice. I like mine a lot.
pretty much what I expect. thanks!
no problem man, glad I could help!
Ken cosgrove!

I like that little red sticker poking its head out.
I didn't know Ryan Gosling posted in MFA
Do you have any closeups of your hair? I plan on bringing pictures to my barber and I really like your hairstyle a lot. Thanks in advance. Nice fit btw!
Seconded! I want to get some kind of style going (I basically just wash and finger comb for now...) and ima_robot's seems splendid

I don't have any pictures, but I can tell you how I get it cut and such! On the left side I get a 3 with a tiny tiny tiny fade at the top, ask them to carve out the part, leave about 3 inches or so on top, and blend in with a three on the other side! The carved out part makes it really easy to work with; some days I don't use anything and others I use crew fiber! Hope that was helpful enough, sorry for the lack of pictures!
Thank you for your reply! Makes it much easier to visualize the left side. So basically it's a side part comb over?
Yup! Just a drastic disconnect on one side and a pretty aggressive blend on the other!
Thanks for everything! Now I actually have a decent explanation I can tell my barber. 
I like it a lot too.
pose is making your username seem more true.
Hha I do my best to fulfill self-made prophecies. 
the xx fuck yes
It has been on my player nonnnnnn stop lately. So good. 

EG.RRL.CP
the shirt was like 30 or 50 percent off at nepenthes the other day, but not in my size. it's so goooood

I feel it 
This is really nice.
it was 30 on sat
you were in nyc?! dude zach and i chilled on the friday!.the jackets were 50 off which is amazing, i picked up this anorak that i've lusted for since the lookbook, super happy with it..are you back in boston? wanna meet up some time? grab some pho or something, and i've been wanting to visit concepts and touch visvim stuff lol

don't like the lightwash denim here, everything feels really washed out.
imo the jeans work well because it's a really summery fit 
You've got some blur on your lower left leg.  You might want to get that checked out.
minimum/apc/converse
This looks good. This is pretty much exactly how my apc's fit, I thought they might have been getting too tight but I'm probably just over analyzing the fit on them. Do you like the way yours fit?
cute shirt
The shirt looks too short, both in hem and sleeve length.
Cool pic and I love the shirt.
cute camera.
cute Scandi room.
10/10 would shoot for IKEA catalogue
I think you should cuff the jeans one more time.
Personally, I like the small cuff + stacks look. 
iffs?
iffs?
well duh

What shoes?
Common Projects Bball His
Might look better with no cuff, you'll probably get at least a half break that way. Or maybe you're going for no break.
can you uncuff once and take another picture? i think it might look better
those jeans fit perfectly
J. Crew / Dockers / Gap / American Eagle (watch)
nice fit on t-shirt
Nice fit on the tshirt.
Nice fit, but not really feeling the shoes here.
I agree, I think the shade is too similar to the chinos. Obviously, the style is ok.
Haha, I give up with these shoes. I just cannot make them work. Last time I was told to try them with khaki colored pants, so I tried that here.
A lighter khaki would work better, almost beige.

you are definitely in a uniqlo fitting room
i like this a whole lot
I think it's just the pic
I'm pretty sure those are postmans so they should be pretty chunky .it's probably just the angle 
yeah, they're postmans, a little . than they look from the angle.
Oh I didn't check the d.so. In this pic though they look like they are black plain toe balmorals to me.
postmans are cool. I totally retract my criticism
 -- .Have to say I hopped on the "olive chinos" train recently and I love them.
The hat doesn't really suit the look.
I feel like I need to ask for a guide on how to roll up the selves perfectly.
I may not be the person to ask. When I posted a fit check of the pants to OF&FC they criticized my sleeves instead and said they were too high and I shouldn't roll them past my elbow. Who knows. . method. It's a girls shirt, but obviously it works both ways. 
that's not the classroom x ebbets hat is it?
Homestead grays ebbets. 
pinroll those pants put on your killshots and baby uve got a solid 3.0
I look goofy with pin rolled pants but i do have some killshots. Maybe I will bust that uniform out when we start making fun of ourselves again. 

>implying we ever stop making fun of ourselves


sorry but everytime I see this shed door:
fuck the haters, that shirt is hot
very nice, one of my favs in the wdywt recently.
Pants are too dark for that bright/fun of a shirt IMO. I do like the shirt though
Olive pants or mash-up shirt, choose one..Together, they are fighting for visual space/attention..I'd like to see the shirt with khaki colored pants.
I feel like that'd be a good combo and a better stage for the mashup to present itself..Great fit though.
the pants are grey.if they were olive, i would agree.I've worn them with khakis, but I think the toned down, muted grey works best with a loud shirt like this
Great fit on everything regardless. .Did you get the shirt tailored?
Nope, found it at a thrift store and it ended up being one of the best fitting shirts I've ever found OTR
So many MFA thrifters!.That's good to hear..We have a similar build so I should give Epaulet's shirts a look next time I'm in the market for 'em.
Definitely give them a try. I'm 5'8" 165lb and their medium fits me perfect, . too slim even (I need to lose a couple pounds though). One of the slimmer shirts I've found OTR
Haha same here. I, however won't worry about my weight too much until maybe next summer..I've seen such great results this spring (with the new split) that I didn't want to cut weight!.Also, I've been to Epaulet's Manhattan store when i purchased my .. I'll defintely check out the shirts and blazers next time.
I disagree. Even though he said the pants are gray, olive would look fine too. Olive, gray, khaki - all neutrals, all would work with the shirt for me. I actually think a light khaki would not look as good as there would not be enough contrast between the light orange part of the shirt and the pants..I'll admit I don't care for the shirt but I think he's wearing it ok.
That's cool..I personally don't see olive as a "neutral" option in the same vein as khaki/grey..It's more of the focal point in my fits..I feel like the lighting is betraying us, I'm sure the colors would be evaluated more easily in person.
Trying to make lapel flowers work for me. Opinions? Too tacky? .Though not my favorite, I think the small pops of color make this fit somewhat interesting. 
I'd like to see a different colored flower, might work with a ligher hue of blue or something else entirely.nice fit otherwise, like always
I really like this. The flower isn't too much because you manage the colors so well throughout. I guess it would also kind of depend on where you were going in this.
What were those Jcrew chinos called exactly if you dont mind?
"Sun-faded" Chinos - right 
Thanks!

You wear that blazer a lot lol. And yeah pretty tacky on the flower.
Do I? Twice recently, ya, but this one stays in the closet for pretty long stretches.
I like it.
Yaaa there's got to be a better way to utilize this thing. I'll play around some and post again once I've learned to incorporate it into fits properly. Thanks for the feedback.
I kind of like it with the light jacket... I do feel like you need to have a good hairstyle to complete the look (don't ask me why haha)
I think the lapel flower is a little bit too much
Shoes ruin it IMO.
Ya, that's the usual critique of my fits. Next paycheck I'm gonna pick up some white van's but until then it's either these or my thorogoods, and it's wayyy too hot for my boots. 
dunno if it's up your alley but jack purcells are on sale.
Also, just curious, is it the espadrilles in this specific fit or just espadrilles in general? 
I like espadrilles but really I think of them (and wear them) as vacation sort of wear. Beaches, beach houses, pools, very relaxed outdoor settings, islands, etc.  Worn with shorts or perhaps loose linen pants, though I don't own any (linen pants) so I've never done it. 
I think espadrilles make you look too top-heavy with long pants, especially since you're pretty solidly built. Boat shoes would be better I imagine. And vans. 
Espadrilles in general.They're not bad in itself but imo they should be worn with looser, shorter fits

This is cool.  Also how did you size on the roshes? I'm thinking of picking up a pair but the sizing on running shoes can be weird sometimes.
Size up half a size 
double shirt is sick please talk about it to me.
Ugh, I love those pants but Geller is so expensive. Anyone have any cheap alternatives?
Cropped chinos from uniqlo 
can't get behind that geller shirt
love the uu shirt, don't love how the rest of the fit came together
Buy some toe-less shoes and you really will be a chuunin.
need them birkenstocks

not a fan of the black bottom vs earthy top.
I'll try to go full sandnij next time
I feel like you just post the same fit all the time
It all starts to blend in 

the shirts just too much for me... my 2 cents.. credit for the bold move though
it's a very loud shirt.I was iffy on it at first, but it's grown on me and become one of my favorites
Yeah that shirt is totally an item that you need to ROCK. I'm wearing one of my favorites today - heavily printed flowered shirt and its something you need to wear with authority or else it falls flat 
Some old fits I haven't gotten around to posting:. Better angle to show fit of the jacket: . Penfield // Outlier // Sperry. J Crew // Alphas // Jack Purcell
2 is real cool, shirt looks good
How do you like the Gibson? I just picked mine up this week and I'm in love.
The aesthetic and fit are damn near perfect. Construction has some flaws, loose stitching in places mostly. Functionality is great as well, nice and light but water resistant.
I think rolled pants or different shoes would be cool with the first one.
I could see that but the weather just wasn't really permitting.
Fair enough. Maybe low sneakers, though?

dem deadlift shins.
haha yup
jacket is so killer. looks better on you than it does in penfield's pics
Thanks man, I love it like a son.
Link for the jacket?
It's a Penfield Gibson in navy.
Thanks!
How tall are you? I've been 'mirin this jacket so hard but I'm afraid of how short the sleeves may be.
I'm 5'8" and I wear a medium. Why do you say it might be too short?
Because I'm 6'6" but pretty thin. I'll check the dimensions on the site.

Wow, I've never heard of penfield, their jackets are pretty well priced, do you think they are good quality? What particular jacket is that?
Their jackets are really all I have experience with. I think on sale they are very well priced. Functionality, styling, and fit are all very on point. I have the Gibson (pictured) and a Walpole from a couple seasons back. 
the gibson is only in stock in xl and xxl so I guess I'll have to wait :( just need one for fall pleeeeease
I need that Penfield. It rains here nearly every day in the summer so I'm looking for a lightweight rain jacket. Think that one would fit the bill? Or would it be better for a cooler climate?
It's light and vented. Makes it breathable. It's a S/S jacket from them..They have plenty of options style-wise that are from the same line and same material so you can really take your pick. They also made further sale reductions.
Beautiful - thanks!
What model Penfield is that man? Looks good!
Really like the first fit, I need to get me an anorak
I want that penfield so badly
Dooooo it.
I wish man :/ money's running dry along with my summer job haha
Thanks, it actually doesn't fit me well but I just love the pattern too much.
first fit is really good. that jacket and beard were made for each other. 
Thank you!
jacket is A++, don't really like the sperrys though
Thanks, I hear ya.

you're a perfect storm on top and weekend at bernie's at the bottom, reads a little weird all together
I think it reads as practical. As a resident of the Ocean State, I can verify this is what sailors (who know what they're doing) dress on overcast/rainy summer days.
It was mostly out of necessity. It wasn't really downpour but I still didn't want to wear any leather or suede shoes and the Sperry's are canvas and I think the neutral color goes well with the other pieces. It was also still 80-85 degrees out so I figured water resistant shorts were the obvious choice.
Perfect Weekend At Bernie's ~
Boat shoes and a boat don't go together?
J.Crew | Gap | Nike x APC x Yeezus x MTM Ankle Brace | Vans.J.Crew | J.Crew | Vans
Can I ask you what specific type of Gap chinos and Jcrew chinos you are wearing?
Second fit is sick.
Did you watch the tape!?  Never watch the tape! .But really, I love this look.  I think you're nailing it.
Really liked the second fit.
pinroll would strengthen the first one imo
I think those pants are too tapered for that look
Gap Lived-in skinny chino.J.Crew 484 cords
Thanks!
Did you get those vans online? Also, are those the laces that come with the shoes?
How does the fit of the henley compare to the fit of their slim tees?
Surprisingly, I don't own any of their tees, so I'm not sure.  I'm assuming pretty similar.
Stupid question: Are you just wearing really low socks?.Less stupid but still questionable: How would vans like those go with something like a rolled up oxford, chino, business casual outfit. I'm looking for more comfortable shoes to wear to work.


technically those vans in the second fit are jcrew x vans.so thats like j crew everythang fit
except when they're not
Likin everything about these. What happened? Did you .Or was it (dare i say) 
Haha damn you.  
Ouch. You play tennis?
Yeah.  Played since my teens.  Was getting back into league and competitive play.
do you remember what color gap said those chinos are? I'm assuming those are the lived-in

man, if only they made those in the slim instead of skinny. thanks 
That henley in 2 fits you very well.  I like that fit a lot.  
Thanks!
lbm linen suit.Oscar jacobson knit.suitsupply shirt.novis markowski loafers (these are shit don't buy them)
Where did you get the suit?

lbm suit... easily the most expensive fit in this thread! i've had one made for my and it's one of my prized possessions. 
a+ suit, would want to cop for a coming summer wedding (instead I got h&m linen lol)
eagerly anticipating muscle4, i heard its gonna be even better than muscle2!
Iirc ive had .Og mrmuscle.GomlMcSteez.Musc.Swagyolo.Muscl.Muscle.Muscle2.Muscle3.Ive gotten progressivly bitchier and worse at speling
now you're speaking swaghili
Didn't you have yaggerswolo? That was my favorite.
think you peaked with swagyolo

shit,  i had no idea anyone here had that edwin jacket. what do you think of it

fantastic fit
looking like the sufu homepage link to waywt
Really digging the colors here.Jacket is sick too
the suede is really soft and supple, and the construction is pretty well done. the ribbing, while being very dense, seems to lose elasticity easier than most other higher quality garments for some reason (this is my main big beef with it). its holding up alright right now but there is some mild piling (on the ribbing)..i'd say its pretty good but definitely don't pay the full $500 for it. i paid $400 off end and nabbed their last small size and i definitely think $300 would be a fairer price for it.
hmm very cool, thx for that
Wow, this is perfect. Bravo.
thanks!
The ankle brace just made me think of the dumbest idea. What if people started incorporating their medical issues into their fits. Like, "oh yeah this is my givenchy catheter." 
I wear gant glasses
Nike glasses here, it seems odd that a company that primarily focused on shoes for a long time is now making frames for prescription glasses, but hey they look good so whatever.
RO aircast
I go for slim-fit contacts from Uniqlo. .Actually though how do you like them I'm looking for new glasses
they're ., I like the shape but the quality isn't that great. it's fine, I've worn them for eight months without breaking them, but they feel more plasticky and less sturdy than ray-ban. if/when I get a new pair I'd definitely go higher end though, oliver peoples or tom ford or something.
warby parker ftw.
raw denim colostomy bags

Loopwheeled bandage wrap
Don't wash for the first 6 mo for the fades

jacket in no. 2?

fav is #2
Jealous of anyone living somewhere cool enough to go outside in anything more than underwear. Great looks.
Shoes in #2/3?
Wayfarers look great, man.
Why are all your pants so low rise? 
Makes for a more interesting silhouette, I think.
how tall r u

What's #1 tee
SILENT by Damir Doma
COMUNE waxed denim jacket with a hoodie underneath.
2/10 the thumb is tucked in on the first pic
wow... you've taken so many selfies you've mastered the art of the pose. Your jeans are a bit too skinny for my taste, but it pairs with your casual fits (and your tatts). And my only suggestion would be to try lighter colored pants to elongate your legs and make you look taller. btw what is that tee in the right-most pic?

someone should make a gif or overlay of all your wiwts.your pose is so consistent
You mean like 
Suddenly longboard
Queues up Call on Me - Eric Prydz..Oh good old YTMND days.

Uniqlo, Trickers
what shoes 
What kind of pants are those? I recently bought a pair of slim jeans from uniqlo in that color but no where near as skinny as yours.
Wow.... everything is great
this is really nice 
oh my gold. so simple, yet so nice.
Every time you post those shoes I get jealous
me too. 
How is the shell breaking in?

oof, I need a minute
Go ahead. Take all the time you need.
Was gutted about my suede ones, first day of wearing them and I found them to be really too tight and no chance of returning..They're breaking in nicely though and are much more comfy..Any idea what last yours are on?
I was always taught to not wear a black belt and shoes with khakis. Why does this work on your outfit? 
Well its more of a dark brown/maroon ish color.
the shoes feel too cool for the outfit imo
What model of trickers are those if you don't mind me asking. I've been looking for something exactly like this. 
They are the slim chinos
100x better than the white shirt pic, shoes look beautiful here.
yeah they really jump with khaki
far less interesting thing to comment on - is that just uniqlo's standard slim chino? I never actually see fit pics with them, wanted to hear your thoughts.
Yeah these are the slim chinos. I like them a lot. Maybe a hair slim in the thigh for me. Solid for the money. Comfy. Not too much else to say 
solid, will have to give them a look in store next week
Trickers x tres bein shop cordovan derbies. 
Oh damn I wish you hadn't posted this.. How do the shoes fit? How's the sizing?
TTS. They are wonderful.
No, please say they're awful..Do you have anything you can compare the sizing to? Or do you know how long your foot is or how the shoes measure in the size you have?
I'm normally a 10.5 in most things like vans. I'm a 43 in CPs, 11 in Nike, 9.5 in red wing etc and these are 9.5 uk or 10.5 US. 
 Someone please get these..Oh wow I wish these were my size... T_T
So sad to see this. Paid the $568 :,(
Shoes are great, but you need pants with a higher rise because your proportions are completely out of whack and I don't think the mirror is the only cause.
I can see what your talking about and don't disagree, but when I have to tuck in a shirt to higher rise pants, my legs look so fucking long. They even look long here. It's really hard to do perfect proportions with a tucked shirt creating such a clear line when you are 6'4". 
Had no idea you were that tall. Still though, an extra inch on the rise wouldn't kill you and would probably work to your benefit..EDIT: Consider MTM for work.
I have trousers that sit a bit higher than these, it works. But I'm still brand new to biz caz and am wearing what's available and will build and perfect slowly 
Camera angle makes the proportions look worse than I assume they do in real life, but a slightly higher rise might indeed help balance you out
shit
lol .wtf try to press buy WHY IS IT 404ing
I love everything about those shoes
Seriously that's exactly what I thought they're a little different from most of what the hivemind wears I normally wouldn't like something like the contrast at the brim but it actually looks really good and those shoes are just too beautiful.
LOL. Is that what took you so long in the dressing room? I had no idea you even snapped this. 
Lol. Yep.
A...am i missing something here...?
yeah we were hanging out and tired something on and took this pic after I put my shirt back on. Tim was unaware of this until I posted, which explained why it seemed like I was in the dressing room a bit longer than I should've been. 
I think he mean't the fact that you know each other irl, but I'm not entirely sure. 
Some redditors meet in real life..Crazy enough to work? Crazy like a fox.
OK so I am in an allen edmonds situation..Went in and tried to get the brown daltons at the nordstrom sale price - they said nope and I could only get the walnut.  .After debating the strands vs. the daltons I decided I already have AE dress shoes in black and brown, and strands in walnut is overkill for the relatively few days a month I actually need to wear a suit.  To me the boots, even in walnut are going to get a lot more wear with jeans in the winter..But now I'm second guessing myself.  Can the walnut daltons look as boot-ish and tough (for lack of better descriptions) as the browns do?  I just feel like they're an awfully light shade to be worn with dark jeans and winter gear.  .Am I overthinking things?
this transfer season (soccer) is fkin mental. so many movements, so much money, and it doesnt look like its stopping soon..ay anyone going to osheaga?
Went camping a few days ago on the coast. It was really nice. ...I had my raws on for the first day, but ended up not wearing them because the sweats were way more comfortable. Also had my LL Bean Anorak, kept me warm after having a sweatshirt and shirt on. 

I forgot to be excited for GD at 10 AM because I'm so busy looking forward to new Steam sales at 11..ETA: speaking of, who wants to trade cards? I have one extra of Bioshock, Chivalry, and Reus, and need Dead Island, Football Manager, and Prison Architect.
what are some cool jackets for the fall
I feel like my shoe collection is missing something and I don't know what. I'm 18 and I go to school tight outside Boston, by the way. Right now I have :.Beeswax CDB.White PF Flyers .Black Nautica sneakers.Sahara Sperry boat shoes.Brown Chippewa Apaches .Am I missing something Reddit? Maybe some Bean Boots for the snow? 
Jeans with a 36 inch inseam can be a real bitch to shop for. 
In 2 weeks I have a dinner with dresscode 'jacket preferred'. Thoughts on what this absurdly ambiguous dresscode means? I'm kind of interpreting it as 'obviously you should wear a jacket you slob'..I'm thinking light blazer (its been close to 100F here lately) with khaki's and a nice dress shirt?
Correct me if I'm posting in the wrong place, this is my first time posting in r/MalefashionAdvice. 
I recently saw a blazer at H&M that I liked, I just wanted your opinion on how it fits. As it appears, the button is being "tugged" but it didn't feel like it was when I was wearing it. Should I buy it? What I'm wearing isn't necessarily what I will be wearing with it..Thanks!
Decided to follow the guide here and make an anchor bracelet, seen ., and I think it turned out pretty nice. One of my friends wants to buy one, so I'll be able to help pay for the materials I bought. I have enough to make like 5, but it cost about $20 for everything. Thinking of trying my hand at more DIY clothes/ accessories, but I'm not sure what yet.
If the pretty successful . thread is made recurring, can it please be on Tuesday? Tuesday's lacking right now apart from the Weekly Wants thread which also isn't recurring, though that may be due to impending/proposed format changes.
What has everyone here thought about the massive reaction to the kanye x apc collab?  i realize it might be out of some people price range, but I was cringing reading the comments in the . thread
Anyone have any music festival tips? I'm going to . this Saturday and I've never been to a music fest before. 
I was at the taste of Chicago this last Sunday, and so many OCBDs. Is this where I accuse them of being MFAers?

ITT: our favorite subreddits after MFA
Any one enjoying the Edward Sharpe & the Magnetic Zeros stream as much as I am? .I'm sure this is posted every GD but I can't help but feel like I'm gettin kinda bored of the basics and don't really know where I want to go from here. I'm enjoying playing with black for the first time ever, but besides that there is not much that has stuck out enough for me to buy that was all that adventurous lately. Any ideas? .Biking is stupidly fun and I am terrible at getting over things but good lord does biking near that immediately for me. .Neat brands to look at?
Even with a huge disclaimer when you go to post something, people will still never look at the sidebar
so i was sitting here and thinking....and i thought i dressed well in high school. and i look back and see i wore boot legged jeans with timberlands and a slim polo..and i thought i dressed well in college. and i see that i wore just okay fitting button downs and polos with levis 514s...which still weren't that flattering, and a size too big in the waist..i still think i dress well. i'm probably wrong. 
i seriously can't decide what kind of style i want. i like to wear my burgundy roshes with some skinny pinrolled jeans and a sweatshirt, while other days i like to wear CDBs with chinos and striped OCBDs. i like too many styles and can't find my own, so it all just get a mess with lots of different styles that don't fit :(
Is there interest in a Nebraska meetup? Like maybe Lincoln/Council Bluffs/Omaha area? I'm thinking about sometime in August, but as far as i know I'm the only MFAer in Nebraska :/
I went caving last weekend.  It was pretty awesome.  I thought that it would be more frightening/scary but it was chill the whole time. It did get kinda weird thinking about being 100+ feet underground.  .I've stopped spending money on fruitless things in order to justify buying a new suit, but I haven't found one that I like.  I don't wear suits all the time, so I'm looking for the one suit that I'll wear to weddings/work/other formal stuff.  Should I go full bespoke with a tailor?  Should I look on ebay?  Other BST pages?  I can spend $1500 on this.  
I think the jeans are overpriced for APC, but if you want that fit (loose at thighs, extreme taper) they are the only option. Tees and hoodies are good for whatever drape. Nothing to special imo.
Camelbak. Took me three Coachellas and more to figure this out.
man, that was just as bad as the . thread
I don't think I saw that one, but just using the search bar for "kanye" gave me the impression that they also aren't the biggest kanye fans.  . is ridiculous.
ugh. why didn't they axe . from the default list too.
I want it to cool down so I can start wearing my Barbours again. 
I want it to cool down and to have Barbours to wear :(
Mine served me so very well in Iceland, it's such a workhorse!
You should get one. You especially would love them. You can't beat them for a casual fall jacket IMO
Oh I know, just with wedding and school starting, I am pretty broke. Hoping for one for Christmas; my initial wish was a Beaufort but I think I might start with a Liddesdale.

bean boots for sure. for boston stores, you should go downtown and check out bodega, allen edmonds, brooks brothers, all saints, and the tannery (don't buy anything from them though because they're terrible people) for inspiration. 
milsurp is all im looking at.

it does appear to pull slightly in the waist, you may want to consider going a size up, although you should be wary about the shoulders getting too big. As it is, you could probably get away with it..that jacket looks like it's knit, and it's pretty short, so it's a fairly casual blazer.


Water, sunblock. Sunblock stains so be careful of white stuff you're wearing. Ear plugs. If you decide you don't like them, or if you're far enough away it's not too loud, don't wear them. But imo bring them. 
I think im going to pick up an m65 field jacket. 
I've been looking for the right one for a while now.
A good leather oxford.  
I didn't mention them, but I actually have the Stafford Wingtips and some thrifted black cap toe oxfords.

that was just awful, some of the people on there have no conception that there are people out there who . have different priorities than them
cool sneakers
Drink lots of water, bring a camelbak if you can..Sunscreen..Changes of clothes, food, and money if it's a camping fest..Water..Drugs if that's your thing..Comfortable shoes..Know when you give yourself a break..Water..Leave your fucks at home.
That seems like the safest option
Tnf tnf tnf tnf tnf tnf

sounds like a house track

fishtail parkas are trending


Protect against the sun, drink lots of water, pace yourself in the heat and go mental at night
Honestly the thread would suck if it was posted more than once a month if people have "what should I wear with this questions" they can post them in simple questions
It fits well in almost every area, the exception being the sleeves could be a little shorter. 

it does appear slightly too small. is there a size up that will fit better? (not sure if they go by chest size or s, m, l)

Snow boots are important if you have snow. I think you should get some camp mocs.
3sixteens come with a 37" inseam with any waist size
This would be better in the simple questiona thread, but as you're here: Blazer doesn't look bad, sleeves are a tad long but it seems to fit ok, but please don't wear those jeans with it
All your shoes are shades of brown, black, and white. .Maybe something with color like New Balance?
Does not fit well in the shoulder as you can see a divot in the shoulder. Fits well in chest, and slight pull at the buttons. .The real problem here is the pants. Predistressed jeans that are way too loose almost everywhere. 
that thread is awful because it needs to be carpet bombed with "no chance, hide in the back of your closet or give away" but of course that's antithetical to the feel of the thing
Things that are making you super happy:
Morning sex

Enjoying the company of my brother and his friends before they take off on their separate ways. 
Getting real close to time to move back to college. 
Wine, Community (the show), and 
Massachusetts in 17 days.
My cat follows me around the house and it makes me feel p damn loved.My parents are actually pretty damn awesome and I kind of realized lately how cool it is that I have people who love me enough to do anything for me.All my recent clothing purchases have been 10/10
buying things.snapchat.my dog
Cropped pants. (Or cropped leggings on girls.) .FTL. Just got it during the steam sumer sale and I've played it for eight hours already. .White shoes.
My newfound ridiculously awesome/way smarter than me/preposterously good-looking working-at-summer-camp romantic interest.
Friends
My dogs. 
Less than a month left at my shitty job for the summer and then back to college. .Also I went to see a bunch of college friends for a pool party and drank lots of cheap beer.
It was great.
at the moment: coffee..at any other time: my wife and dog, and the thought of how many opportunities are opening up now that I've moved to a major city.
Shotguns, this amazing weather we're having in Vancouver.
Pinot Noir
Solo queue doesn't make anyone happy. Even if you win.
I'm pretty certain it's taken years off of my life.
Cropped pants, tacos, cool socks

When I get home my meal is going to be:.1 dozen hot wings.1 taco con chorizo.1 taco al pastor.1 pan brownies.1 case sierra nevada pale ale
this is a good dinner
The foods I miss most... no good chicken wings in spain it turns out.

I bought some sake
Getting out of here and moving to Germany for 4 years. Beyond stoked. 

Robitussin. 
Bicycles and Cooking.
Carhartt duck canvas dog bed. My dog loves it and hasn't destroyed it in 6 months. Really great purchase..Steam trading cards. Got dishonored + dlc, and surgeon simulator without paying for either.


molly.

 

Elkhorn here

Reading people's success stories really keeps me from buying more clothes and instead focusing on long term goals.


With the whole photography thing I found that it was best to just lurk quite a bit and ask simple questions when there were things that you couldn't infer upon. There is some pretty technical stuff there, but if you take the time to read through some old threads and just get out there and take pictures it'll start to click. 

 


How was City & Colour? They are coming to Atlanta and I can't decide if I want to see them or Local Natives. I can't go to both
I've been into his music since his first album. I haven't heard of Local Natives before. I would go to the show which has less chance of coming back to your city. C&C just released a new album so his setlist is more geared towards stuff from the last two albums. .If C&C is in a smaller venue I'd recommend him just based on how much he interacted with the crowd at our show. Can't speak for LN though.
Okay great thanks for the response. I'm thinking city and Colour may be a better experience all around
If you like a majority of his stuff then I think you'll enjoy it, I'm starting to like the stuff from his last two albums more than his first two but I know that some people are the other way.
Great, I think I'll go re-listen to his newest two albums to help aid my decision. Thanks again! 


 . 

 . . 
Doing this because I just discovered r/skincareaddiction and I have to share, my acne is clearing up drastically
 

yo is anyone you know actually into music?  Not hating, just curious.


Water, sunblock, some Dr. Scholls' insoles if you plan to walk a bit
Oh man oh man i'm from Omaha. 

, ., 
Good on you with the journalism stuff man. Where you writing for?

I found . to be a very good resource early on. There's also . for a more updated one that's currently going on..It's a subreddit with (mostly) 30 posts, and you're supposed to go through one a day. Don't try to go through all 30 in a day or you'll quickly become overwhelmed. Just spend an entire day focusing on each of those topics and it'll give you a really strong foundation..After that, the best advice I have is to just go out and shoot as much as you can. When I got started I tried to make it a point to shoot every single day. Some days would be a couple of hours playing with landscapes, other days when I was really busy I'd just go out for a quick 10 minutes. But that consistency really pays off and helps you to get a good grasp on things. Also, don't be put off when you're not quite getting the results you want right away. Everything takes time.

thanks, this sub is exactly what i was looking for. any other related recs other than .?

Would this make me look like a badass or just a wannabe badass? Also, can anyone find any better, thanks.
i would answer your question but i don't like your username
Fake leather looks worse with wear and falls apart after a few years (just ask my faux leather office chair that's literally dropping little bits of cracked plastic all over the place).  Real leather looks better and better as it breaks in and is very much worth the investment.
fake leather is for fake ppl. Just avoid until you've saved up enough money for the real deal.

So since it seems like there are so many people from Gainesville on MF/MFA, would anyone be interested in doing like a north-central FL mfa/ffa meetup in Gainesville?.It could be pretty cool, let me know what you guys think.
I am not there, but upvote + polite encouragement that others upvote for visibility. Meetups are fun.
Made my first drunk shoe purchase a few days ago. Finally got the j crew nike killshot's. Felt good. Hopefully will feel better once I get them in. 
It is hot as hell around here.  Glad I've copped some linen. .A . is actually starting to look tempting.  
What's the deal with men's underwear with no fly?.I've always been a pretty generic hanes boxers kind of guy, but recently I've decided to up my game a bit. I've twice recently bought some designer boxer briefs only to go to put them on later and realize they have no fly opening. When did this become a thing?!

My guess is because part of the appeal of the more expensive underwear is that it makes your junk look better, and I think with a fly it wouldn't shape it as well. Although ExOfficio has a fly I think? 

Want to pick up one of the Everlane Snap backpacks... Can't decide between ., or ...Thoughts?.I probably should have put this in SQ.

I hate that Club Monaco jackets have functioning sleeve buttons... Not feeling paying 70$ to take the sleeves up from the shoulders. .Definitely a nice touch if their sleeve length is perfect for you though. .Also who's doing the month long WAYWT album for this Friday?
Does anyone know anything about the recurring thrift finds post and why it is not every week but at random intervals? 
it's every other thursday IIRC. but yeah, it's user posted, not bot posted, so the exact time and day is flexible.
I think it's because users post it, not the bot. The thrift finds isn't on the official schedule. 
Hey I asked this a while ago but didn't get much response. I'm going to Germany and the Czech Republic next week and I'm wondering what to wear? My friends and I will mostly be going to pubs and visiting historical sites, we're both 18 years old and only speak English and French. We're going to Munich, Berlin and Prague (likely Lubeck as well). I mostly wear solid colored vnecks, 511s, plimsolls, and 7-9 inch shorts every day (I live in southern california), will these be acceptable or should I dress better
 (ocbd, chinos, loafers, etc)? .Also anything important about the cities as a tourist  that I may have never heard before 

As a red head I feel fall is where I'm most comfortable. Not only in the fact that the colours work with my skin tone. But also the heat isnt as bad. Plus I get to wear my boots after 12pm.
The color guide is fantastic, anyone want to do something similar for patterns? I'd love to read something that quantifies why I love some patterns and hate others. I scanned the sidebar, forgive me if I missed something.
I think tonight I'm going to go to bed at 10PM and just wake up way earlier than normal. I'm interested in seeing how much more productive I am from 6AM-9AM compared to 9PM-12AM.
It's time for a haircut soon. I know MFA hates hair posts but MHA is a dead sub. . is what my hair looks like right out of bed. Any haircut suggestions?.Bonus question: Where can I get a custom .?

So I've only got 2 pairs of shoes in my rotation right now (white vans and some leather bucks) and I want another. I really don't like loafers, boat shoes, or sneakers, suggestions on another casual shoe?
I'd just like to say I'm on my way to go shopping for myself for the first time.  I've just turned 18 and will be going off to college soon and I'm trying to give myself more confidence.  I posted what I'm wearing today for the first time as well.  This subreddit is awesome! 
Yeah! Don't actually buy anything unless your sure about fit tho
[deleted]
how exactly did this become an issue?


I want a wide brimmed felted wool hat like all the cool bohemian looking black dudes see in the streetstyle pics..Goddamn i love my flyknits.My black pants are turning grey and developing holes, amigothninjnow
Who makes some basic good fitting, lightweight t-shirts? Emphasis on the lightweight for summer
MFA general discussion is my favorite thing on reddit. .What are some neat subreddits you guys have stumbled upon? Last night the random button brought me to . and I love it. Seeing dirty things get clean makes me happy I guess..I've spent way too much money recently. I'm trying to buy things before I become a poor college student. All I need now is a flannel or two and a couple sweaters though..Are Levi's waterless jeans raw? They feel stiff like raw denim and the tag has special care instructions that line up with common raw denim care things. I got a pair of waterless 508's and I love them..I saw a Buick GNX today. That was pretty neat..That recent cargo shorts thread bothered me. It was 300 people all saying the same thing. If you go into a thread and what you were going to say has been said, just upvote it and move on.
Cool subreddits? ., ., 
Only 501s are available raw IIRC. It's more likely that your jeans are just "rigid," which means washed once. 
Someone convince me to buy raw denim. I tried on a pair of N&F weird guys a while ago (they were awesome), but I just can't seem to get over the price

What would be an acceptable price? You can find raws pretty much anywhere along the price range, from $50 to $500

I have recently purchased a pair of Unbrandeds and they are also my first pair of "expensive" jeans. From what I can gather there is a special process or way to treat good denim and I have no clue how to soak or when to for tht matter.  Is there anyone that can impart some wisdom on how to care  and wear these jeans?
 
Unbrandeds are sanforized so you don't need to do anything special to them. Just wear them. When you've worn them hard for a few months and if you decide to wash them head check out 
J. Crew Factory sent me an Early Access email and I'm drooling. I know its not regular J. Crew quality but I'm a teenager and I'm not looking for things that will last me forever. For anyone else who got the email, what are you thinking about copping?

[deleted]
That is quite a lot if it's just going over a border. What country are you in & what are you ordering?


I think I might be reading too much MFA. I've decided over the course of the day that I don't like the fit of the shirt I'm wearing.. Have a date tonight.. No time to go back home.. So I think I'm going to go buy a shirt on the way to the date.. Then of course I need to get rid of the evidence, so I think I'm just going to throw out the shirt I did wear today because I don't know what the hell else to do with it../firstworldfashionproblems

Make sure the shirt doesn't have the folds in them from the store. That's a dead giveaway 

I can't decide whether to get Red Wing Iron Rangers or Beckmans.
Where do you live?

I've bought and returned/sold so much lately. I don't know whether it's because I'm getting a better idea of my style and am getting pickier, or just can't make up my mind. 
Some w+h henleys in.and
i want a second wallet. but my makr wallet is a year old and shows no signs of breaking down in the slightest. i can't really justify getting a new one.:(

It's fucking blazing hot over here in the UK, and i realised i suck at dressing well for these temperatures because we never get them..Can't wait for the next ashes test..Can't wait for summer holidays.

I have been listening to Lana Del Rey and Lorde all day today. .To the Brits that have complained, Maryland has been having a bit of a heatwave as well, Where I work it got up to 112 and I have to wear jeans, boots, and collared shirts to work...I was not comfortable. .I just got dumped by a girl I work with and I now make up to my office (which I rarely do) more looking way better than I should for what I do just to show it really didn't have much of an effect to me, but really it did..If you are a scotch drinker, look for a bottle of Loki from Highland Park..it's godly.
Also, I went for a run today and found a tick on my nether regions...I am not a fan. 
How do the Canvas Lands End Heritage Oxford Shirt (OCBD) fit? On the site, it says it's a "tailored" fit but some of the reviews have said it's boxy. I have a 41" chest and a 32" waist so I presume I would buy a small.  
I bought some 3sixteens on friday, brought the girl I've been seeing. She was so stunned by
1) me spending 200 dollars on a pair of pants
2) the thought and care that goes into jeans
3) everything about the self edge store

Fuck someone help me out real quick are these . grey? I wanted blue please tell me it's just a shitty picture

they're fine to wear with dark denim. where do you live? the leather sole is terrible in the snow, so you would want to get a rubber topy added. even then, you won't be able to wear them in heavy snow. .they aren't rugged boots either way you look at it. the brown is more understated than the chestnut, but if you're looking for something on the workwear side you should switch your search to wolverine/red wing/etc. 

It's too goddamn hot in Boston right now.
should i get . or . or neither

So I just bought some sperrys, not the really common ones but some other type....Anyways they are 9.5 EE and I feel like they aren't wide enough. How should a shoe fit for width? I have never worn a shoe that has fit, to me a shoe that fits is just the length, I have been crushing the sides of my toes into shoes for my entire life. .I wore them today without socks (mistake) and got blisters on the top of my little toe on both feet from rubbing. Are they too tight? I am new to the idea of a shoe fitting for width. 
Where can I buy a good varsity jacket? What constitutes a good varsity jacket? Any colors that are better than other for varsity jackets? If you can't tell by now I'm looking for a varsity jacket but have little to no idea about them.
UnionMade has soooo much sweet stuff, just not much I can see myself in
Thats how I feel right now. "Thats a cool shirt. When the hell would I ever wear it. Pass"


Does anybody have a clue when this big Norse Projects sale ends? I'd prefer to wait on a paycheck to pull the trigger on one of . and some other stuff, but I don't get paid until next Friday and I'm worried that the sale will end by then..Also, any baseball fans? Thoughts on the All Star Game?

the worst part is all the baseless rumors.  zlatan to madrid!  rooney to chelsea!  fabregas to man u!

both the rooney and cesc arent baseless though, bids were confirmed (and rejected)..also rooney can fuck off.

Can second airisms; they breathe so well, and the grey didn't show through even white shirts. .For underwear, if you'd looking for quality comfort, I buy ex officio when they're on sale
Its a good thing that self haircut post made it to ....
emburassing
Why exactly was it a bad thing?

I know that feeling man, my parents weren't able to really help me much when I started last year so even though I got a lot of money from the private school I wanted to go to I couldn't, had to go to the public University in my area instead. And I still have loans :/ I hate the way collie is run and paid for in this country, it's just disgusting when you think about it. 

It really sucks like its the worst of both systems cuz the govt. helps out enough where colleges can justify huge price tags.
Exactly. But raising the interest on our loans is totally a great idea that will have no repercussions! I was listening to a long piece on NPR about just what you said, the problem with the debate is it's just treating the symptoms. Sure, I'd like my rates to not go up, but what'd be even better is not having to take out loans to go to a public university. Why people think it's a good idea to burden young people with massive amounts of debt, I'll never know.
We either need get no govt. help so tuition rates drop due to competition (but that won't work cuz still people wouldn't be able to go to college) or have free college like europe. 
I'm all for free colleges like Europe haha, unfortunately, that's not exactly plausible given a lot of people in our country... 


Where you looking at?
Where did you visit?

Northeastern for nursing is my first choice. From what I've seen they have a really great program, and, well, Boston is Boston.

Singing early 2000s hot topic fodder around a campfire is really the best. I feel you there.
I know what you mean about colleges! I was visiting all last year. .When I visited the college I chose I knew right away it was where i was going. .I start in about a month. Im excited. 

Viewing my cat, Gandalf, in his various sleeping positions. It is like cat yoga.
Funny, one of my close friends named his dog Frodo. Maybe LoTR pet names are more common than I thought. 
Coffee
Sounds really good right now. Might have to go get some. zzzzzzzzz
My workplace screwed me over. After a month or so of being told "we'll get you on that next week" for something that would be a pretty big pay jump, I'm now being told there's no point because I'll be leaving in a month. 

Thoughts on the new mega-post cycle with night posts? Anything that isn't working or needs to change?
Tuesdays need some love. Maybe have a second Random Fashion Thoughts or something?
I really like the What to Wear With This thread two days ago.  Maybe add that in once a week?
EDIT: 
Replied to the wrong post, sorry. 
Saturday night recurring threads are pretty dead, they should be switched to Sunday night I feel..Add in a Should/Shouldn't I Buy This, Recent Purchases and a General Discussion at night too.
maybe another should/shouldn't i buy?
Having outfit feedback Monday night then tues daytime, and friday night and saturday daytime often leads to there being 2 Outfit feedback posts on the first page at the same time, which can be a bit weird..A night time general discussion would be cool, and a night time fashion thoughts could be fun too

I like the night stuff. waywt after dark is fun

More night stuff would be great, at least one every night. 
My personal style is growing way out of my price range.  I see these awesome pieces online and mentally put fits together that I think look great, but since I can't afford any of the pieces I buy something similar but lower tier, which just ends up fitting really bad or being slightly the wrong color and it's really frustrating. 
use a google spreadsheet to keep track of future cops, it's the best way to cull purchases and make sure you only buy things you want
weather in baltimore really sucks
I never understand comments like this. It makes it sound like you're in some humidity bubble. I'm in VA and it's just as bad. It's just as bad in Chicago and Boston.
I work in a poorly air conditioned box, it got to 112 in there today. I about cried. Baltimore, why do you do this.
Went to Baltimore for a Liverpool v. Tottenham soccer match last summer. Dear fucking lord. Breathing became an exercise because if you breathed too much you would sweat.
what's happening?  it was like 85 and sunny at 7am... 

Preach.

booo
Drink lots of water.

If you're still in Winston we should meet up some time. Although I'm not going to be there long for over a month.
I just started Homeland and holy god is it good.
The Newsroom is heavy handed as fuck.  If you liked the Wire, you'll probably hate the lack of subtlety and weak messages of the Newsroom. 

newsroom is good. although the stupid love life drama gets a bit annoying after awhile, but the first couple episodes gave me chills they were so good.
you should hit up . . or . maybs

I just imagined you talking to a printer for an entire morning and laughed..Have you watched West Wing?
I've seen episodes and liked it, but not the whole series

None of my friends understand why I'm so excited my Norse Projects purchases to arrive. Actually, none of my close friends really care about clothes..I really hope Uniqlo's F/W lineup includes a circle of friends that talk about clothes and not be judged. I'd buy one in S.
I'll grab a couple, for matching and rotating purposes
I've slowly converted my close friends into caring about fashion. Its fun having a common hobby to discuss.

This confuses me. Why would your friends be excited for something you bought?
You're right, I worded that wrong. I meant that none of my friends understand my excitement for them to come.
Yeah, that makes sense. I generally don't talk about that stuff at all. Occasionally in real life someone will say "nice jeans, bro" or "I like your style", and it feels somehow unsettling to have that conversation in real life.
Sports subs are pretty good. . . . 
Can't wait for college football to come back.

No . love from you eh


Once you get to that point, just keep a running list of shit you want to cop and watch for sales. It becomes less 'oh damn, I need that right now' and more 'that's a cool piece..but I can't drop $450 on it. If it comes down to $250 though...' Then you just wait and sometimes with enough time and luck you can get it within your price range. 
It's a nice feeling when a piece drops to your price range. And don't forget to prowl eBay, SF, etc.
Fallout: New Vegas.Summer flings.Cool jackets.Life
New Vegas is awesome! I bought and played it last year after the steam summer sale. I was really disappointed with the DLC for New Vegas.  All of them.  Im not even sure why
You know, I never really got into New Vegas as much as everyone said I would..I'm cool with the whole life thing though



So I thought I would get this announcement out earlier than last Friday's meetup (pictures to come on Friday when MFA and FFA have their GDs on the same day~)! I heard from a lot of people that Aug 3 was a good day for a meetup so clear your schedules and find a way to get to Toronto for the long weekend!. suggested that we could do a Steamwhistle Brewery tour, and the meetup group thought we could go to actual fashion-y things instead of just eating and drinking, so maybe Queen W? If it's still super hot outside (which it probably will be...) maybe we could just go find a pool? Give me your ideas!
I keep debating whether I should come to these or not. I feel like it's going to be super awkward for me (at the ripe young age of 20).
There was a meetup last Friday?.Damn, I completely missed it. I was in town too.
It was sorta last minute (like 5 days notice haha) but it would've been nice to have you! You should definitely come out for the next one though! Probably the last one (that I'll host, anyway) until winter-ish since school will be starting up again.

Aw nuts I'm never in town when we have these things. Gonna be in Montreal for Osheaga. Next time!

Solution: sell Osheaga tickets, stay in Toronto. ;)
Gonna be at the Grove festival in Toronto! It's a busy night it seems.
Sell your ticket and come hang with us instead. ;P
I'm pretty sure .'s is 21, and I'm 23, so you're not gonna be . out of place. . was like 19/20 or something and he came out to the first one!
For the past 6 years I've been dressing on the more formal end of business casual, i.e. dress slacks and dress shirts.  This attire does not allow for much creativity, and as such, its really just a matter of not being terrible: you can rise above the corporate scum by skipping on square-toed loafers, obnoxiously-colored dress shirts, and avoiding black altogether..But now. .  Now that I'm in an all-engineering office I can dress down to the softer side of business casual.   The only problem is its going to cost a fortune to build out that part of my wardrobe.  I want Indy boots and OSB Trench boots and all sorts of stuff.  Or since my . desperately needs an upgrade, I could get a new mobo, processor and gfx card.  DECISIONS.
yo yo wait man! someone in the . is selling a high end graphics card for a really really good deal. it's . iirc, check it out.edit: nevermind he already approached you


Heeeey you lookin for a new graphics card 'cause I'm selling a GTX 580

I need to do some research, but when I upgrade I like to go in the upper tier so I don't have to upgrade for another year or two.  Like I'm not going to go buy a Titan or anything, but maybe the gtx770 or  Radeon 7970.  Something in the $3-500 range.

There have been great deals on the 7950 lately. Like, $250 range.  Maxed out Tomb Raider for me at 1080p.
Ballin'... I'll keep that in mind.  Thanks!
Bourbon
As a college student: cheap bourbon.

You a Knob Creek man?

Buffalo Trace 

I turned 20 last week, that was weird. I feel like I can't just fuck around and be a teenage screw-up anymore. Like I have to actually be doing something and moving forwards now. Its also a lot of pressure because, at least the way I see it, your 20s (and maybe your 30s) are the best time of your life, and if I'm not using that time to the fullest, I feel like its time being wasted..I also still miss my ex, and I still see her around at parties and stuff, and I still get jealous when I see her with other guys. I don't really know why it still bothers me after this long..That knockoff review in fmf totally turned me off to buying knockoff Ricks. But kind of turned me on to buying Rick-adjacent shoes, if that makes any sense. Like shoes that are clearly emulating the look but aren't necessarily trying to pass themselves off as Ricks..I had one of my childhood friends pass away earlier this week. Its the second of my 5 main friends growing up who has died this year. One from cancer and one from overdosing. It weird when someone you've known that long just isn't around anymore. I mean we weren't that close as of late but its still weird, and it still hurts. Especially because they were both so young. Going to two funerals within 6 months of each other is really hard..Edit: On a less depressing note, who's excited for football and Breaking Bad to return?
happy birthday
I turned 20 on saturday, and I totally get it.
I feel like we're the same. I still miss my ex a bit and she is heavily involved in my social circle so I see her at parties with other guys. Just try to not dwell on it. 
I am 26, I still fuck around all the time like I was 18. Take your work seriously but enjoy everything outside of it. Be responsible with your money and all will be grand. 
Being 20 is no different than 18 or 19, other than a year away from 21. Have fun, fuck around, mess up. Its all about the experience and being able to learn while youre still young and flexible (metaphorically).
Iv been broken up with my ex for two years. I'm happily dating again, but when someone was a big part of your life and they leave, there will be lingering feelings. Just don't get drunk and text them at 2 am. Nothing good comes from it. 
You'll be alright man. I just turned 20 as well, and although the pressure is on, I still think fucking around is one of the best ways to learn. Don't worry about your ex. It'll bother you for a while.
wait till u turn 23, nobody likes you when you're 23
My manager told me that I looked like I was going to a party in the Hamptons. I think it's the nicest thing anyone has ever told me. .Also, I realized that since I started working full time this summer, I've spent more money on clothes than food. Probably 5x as much. A lot of it is a result of finally having the income to get what I want, but it was eye opening. I still have more purchases too.. 

One day last school year I wore a pair of seersucker shorts and a navy poplin shirt to school. Everybody kept telling me I should be at the Hamptons.
It's a hard life dressing preppy, but somebody's got to do it.

I think the issue is that it's not really a good representation of our sub.
Yeah, I see your point but Idk if it's really such a problem? It might inspire people to try cutting their hair but I doubt it's going to start an influx of "me-too" posts.

Computer hardware and fashion are both fairly expensive hobbies. I feels ya.
Computer hardware is actually fairly cheap right now. Nevertheless, I'm quite happy that my old rig can still handle everything I throw at it. Luckily, I bought it before I had to buy ...Anyway, try being into fashion and .. Shit's not funny anymore.
a night GD might be cool
as someone who recently got a night shift at walmart I would love this as I get a one hour break from 2:15ish to 3:20ish am and doing nothing but reddit cuz I don't eat.

they all should have a "drunk" section. 
or maybe just a separate drunk GD thread.probably will be more entertaining
drunk waywt would be great

I hope it would be the fashion equivalent to . 
almost always cheaper than boats and drugs though. 
boat shoes and iDoses

salmon gets really old really fast
someone mentioned momofuku downthread. go to momofuku when you're in NYC.
In NYC go to Shanghai Cafe and get the soup dumplings.

In NYC, Joe's Pizza in the West Village is amazing, so is Grimaldi's, those are pretty famous. Also recommending Pomme Frites for good fries and Crif Dog for hotdogs (best when drunk), in fact go to both places they're right by each other. Also suggesting the Meatball Shop and Mac Bar for really good mac and cheese, get the lobster mac! 

Philly: Alyan's Restaurant by 4th & South St. Get some shawarma.
You should check out 2 amys while you're in DC. Great pizza place
cool, thanks for the suggestion!.i'm going to get fat on this trip, i can just feel it...
In philly, go to monks cafe if you like beer

 is good food, and obviously beer. Just a block away from Metro Center too.

In DC, there's Amsterdam Falafel in Adams Morgan which is goddamn delicious and open super late. Georgetown has Wisemiller's Grocery and Deli on 36th st, staple of the university, fantastic sandwiches. Ben's Chili Bowl on U st, Bangkok Joe's at the waterfront, and Rasika Flavors of India (Clinton's favorite) in Penn Quarter are also amazing choices. Fuck I miss DC 

Also make sure to get the fries with mayo at Amsterdam falafel. 
rasika owns..ben's chili bowl is Not That Great at best, though.

Don't get a cheesesteak in philly. Theres a sandwich shop called Paesano's on ninth street a few blocks up from pats/geno's. You'll thank yourself if you go for that instead.

For DC: Wonderland Ballroom. They serve mac and cheese pancakes and the best challah french toast i've ever had. 


Throw a hella lot more smoke on it, some sugar glaze, make salmon candy and stick it in the freezer. Delicious.

no more salmon pls.although that does sound good
Yeah but you can freeze it for whenever.

For Philly:
For cheesesteaks, the main point is to avoid Pat's or Geno's.  They're tourist traps at this point.  
wow, that's a lot! thanks for all the suggestion! i don't think i have the time/stomach to go to all of those places but i'll be sure to check out as much as possible
Jim's over Tony Luke's. 
FYI the owners of Franklin Fountain supposedly treat their employees like shit, there's was a commotion about it in . lately.  Local drama..I'd also recommend the American Sardine Bar, it's a much more relaxed version of South Philly Tap Room (same owners) with a smaller, more barfood-y menu and quieter atmosphere.  (OP, if you go there, PM me!  It's right around the corner from my apartment.)

Tony Luke's is so bad. Rest of that stuff is great.
The only appropriate time to get Pat's or Geno's is if you're stumbling out of Ray's with a stomach full of Heaven Hill and Natty Bo.

For really the first time ever, I enjoy my job. I have to get up early and shit which is normal, but I still don't love leaving my house at 5:30am, but I don't dread work like I have in other companies. I work with a lot of good people and pretty much just do my work at my pace and no one is ever on my back for anything. Though its mostly just keeping track of a bunch of files going to all these different people, I still find it interesting and hope to learn a lot about what's on the files I'm tracking. The pay is really great and the hours are whatever I really want to work as far as overtime which I'm trying to always max out. .I'm super happy with it. .Does anyone have any good documentary recs on Netflix? I usually listen/watch them while I'm working all day. 
You can always watch stand ups too. =p 

searching for sugar man

What do you do?
isometric coordination at a very large engineering company 

Not on netflix, but you should definitely watch .. 
I enjoyed "hot coffee" recently. It's about far more than just the McDonald's coffee incident. 
really enjoyed that one. Super eye opening 
not netflix but these are videos I've recently enjoyed using for that purpose.and I don't know if they're on netflix but you could look for.e: formatting, and: thanks for asking this, now I have a bunch on my list too
congrats on the job dude, you're living the dream..as for documentaries

You should listen to some podcasts/shows too! I just got into NPR and everything so far is fantastic. I like listening to them while work out. Planet Money, This American Life and Radio Lab (Car Talk is a given) are super good. 99% Invisible is another brilliant show.

If you like baseball, check out the one about the knuckleball. I think it's just called "Knuckleball."

Mind of a Chef.  PBS series that follows David Chang of Momofuku.  .Buck.  Documentary about The Horse Whisperer..First Position.  About ballet.  Really entertaining.
mind of a chef was/is a great series
So glad it's coming back in the fall.

didnt realize. rad!
Docs are nice, but I've found podcasts are a goldmine for listening while working.  A lot of podcasts are moving to Youtube now, too, so you get a bonus video.
YouTube recs w/ links would be amazing
Recs? I listen to This American Life, Hardcore History, Radio Lab, Fresh Air, Wait Wait, New From Lake Wobeogone and The Moth as of yet.


99% invisible is by far the best podcast. All about design.
 
I keep thinking Grand Theft Auto meet up when i see these posts.  
Well, we . have a(n alleged) crack smoking mayor...
I had to google it...


WE REALLY OUT HERE FAM

This week has been pretty shitty for me.  Sprained my ankle pretty badly on the first tennis match of the summer.  X-Rays were negative for any breaks.  Had to take a couple days off of work and was basically holed up in my apartment.  The first day I felt well enough to leave the apartment, I go down to my car to see that it was broken into and attempted stolen.  They pryed off my lock, smashed my window and ultimately tried to hotwire my car, only to fail at stealing it.  The next morning, I got it towed into a shop.  Insurance is telling me that they're going to claim it as a total loss, since the repair is going to be more than the value of the car.  So not only could I not walk, I had no car to get me around.  I thought I was done with the bad luck, but I came home from work last night to find one of my lamps had somehow fallen over and shattered all over my living room, leaving pieces for me to step on and bleed.  The week has been absolutely frustrating.  I'm finally off crutches today, but will have to wear a brace for the next couple of weeks.  I'm hobbling around like a zombie.  A couple of friends have stepped in and helped out as much as they can.  Finally getting some groceries after I exhausted everything in my fridge.  Hopefully things start turning around. End rant.
that sounds like shit. sending good vibes your way.
In all, the most important thing is to keep your dongers raised. 
you play tennis? at what level?


which is funny because I find float on to be incredibly depressing. still an awesome song though
Modest Mouse - Styrofoam Boots is my favorite song.

It would be fun to generally discuss things 
I really want a GD at night.  I regret so much I can't participate in the day ones.

NIGHT GD: DRUNK EDITION.NIGHT GD: BAKED EDITION.NIGHT GD: NORMAL
I think I could participate in two of those. Normal is not one of them.
Paychecks.
I've come to realize that I'm not really that close to my high school friends anymore. I miss my real friends back at college. I guess I have MFA for now, seriously guys reading GD is the best part of my day..Also LeBron's coming to the Philippines, though I'm just excited for football season to start. 
I feel the same way, I just hope it doesn't happen to my college friends too.
Wait till you find the IRC channel.
College friends are the best. 

I'm the other way around. I never got super tight with my college friends, and I love hanging out with my high school buddies when they're around town. 
I made a comment about this in the "what is making you sad" on .. I feel you, man and I also miss my real friends in college.
Hey, I upvoted that comment! What a coincidence that you see this too haha. That's actually what inspired this GD post. It's nice to know that I'm not alone with these summer blues.

I talk to one person from high school, the rest I'm just FB friends with and occasionally like eachother's statuses. My college friends(I just graduated) are the ones I'm actually close with.
I feel the same way sometimes. It's weird to go to college and just kinda... lose track of people..But GD... GD is 
wait until you drift apart from your college friends too :^/
I'm 32, and I'll say that while I don't think I still talk to anyone from HS outside of Facebook and I've drifted away from a considerable number of college friends, the college friends I do keep in touch with are people I'll probably be friends with for life. So that's cool. 
So depressing... lol
I met back up with a bunch of HS and college friends last week. It's so weird to see how much people change even after college. 

What's more depressing is seeing how little they've changed whilst you have :/.I've a friend who's still living in the same places we used to live in together, didn't finish his degree, is still single and unemployed (he's never worked) and still stays inside playing computer games all day. I used to be the same but now I work, travel, go out several times a week, go to festivals/parties, have a girlfriend, yadayada. It's difficult to see people resolutely stay trapped in that state.
I find it awkward to have conversations with them. My best friend from High School still lives with his mom and I just ran into him when he was training for his new job at Walmart while I'm here about to graduate from College.
when you said talking with a printer I thought you meant talking to a copy machine
That's how I saw it. Those damn things do require frequent pep talks.
He didn't mean that?
Hah. No, a printing company. Doing a high-end direct mail piece and needed to work through logistics on size, paper, spot colors, envelope dielines, etc. 
 

yo WAIT where is this? orange?
i was about to be all cool and say "Jardin du Luxembourg"?.someone beat me to it..cool pics though.
Jardin du Luxembourg?

paris is such a beautiful city man, i envy you 
Fucking hell, wherever you're at looks awesome.  It's been raining for the past 3 days straight here...  well I guess it's time to buy an field jacket, haha
Where that be?  I want a lunch break that looks like that.  If I walked outside all I'd see is an office park full of the same red-brown brick buildings and well-manicured lawns.  makes you feel like a sheeple.
Jardin du Luxembourg and Place Dauphine, Paris. .That wasn't for lunch though but my lunch breaks are pretty awesome as well.
One of the best afternoons of my life was spent playing scrabble in Jardin du Luxembourg with my then girlfriend. In hindsight it sounds super pretentious but I'm cool with that

Paris is a bitchin' city, you're lucky that you get to work there!
The way the building bend away into the distance in that second picture is really beautiful, where are these taken?
Place Dauphine, Paris..Everytime i'm there I feel like i'm in a small village in the middle of France.
Wow, I kind of hate you right now. Seriously, beautiful pictures man!
God it's unbearably hot here.Beautiful photos dude, looks like a lovely place..Wish i could take some of near where i work - stunning too
How hot is it where you are in Belguim?  It's supposed to be in the 90s here in LA.

I think I've made a terrible mistake. It will take some checking in the mirror a bit more, but I've always bought relatively slim fitting pants (not skinny, but like Levis 511 slim) and while they fit great, I think they're actually too slim for my body type because I have a relatively broad chest, broad shoulders, and kinda big thighs. I think the pants are throwing the proportions off :( I guess I should have been posting in the WAYWT or Outfit Feedback threads.
Starting an internship that's lasting through the fall semester. What are some good chinos that fall on the dressier side of the spectrum? Alpha khakis and GAP lived-in slims are a little too casual. How do NYCO slims, Rivet chinos, or D1 chinos compare? What would you recommend?
Why is a picture of a plain grey tie that somebody photoshopped 2 white stripes onto at 300+ upvotes and #1 on the page?
I need a white dress shirt as I have band concerts to attend. Can I get one that is below $40 that is slim fit and doesn't look terrible? 
What do you guys think about tapered sweatpants?.I feel like they give a chance to play with silhouette a bit more than just normal 511s or something, but still giving a good fit with the tapered leg
Does anyone follow any fashion/clothing/art/design related blogs that you would suggest? The only blog that I follow regularly is ISO50, and they don't typically delve into anything involving clothes. All of my inspiration album comes from MFA and Styleforum. 
So I'm really digging french/nautical shit and monochromatic things..Thinking about getting a SNS herring sweater looking for something chunky/cable knit and 100% how much would that cost like 2-300?
bc lurkers.Just hide post and move on
High snobiety, Four pins, Dappered, Selectism, Uncrate, Simple Threads, Put This On, Well Spent....search MFA for "blogs" or "tumblr" on MFA and you'll find threads upon threads
Target, H&M, Jcrew/Jcrew Factory, and Uniqlo are in that price range.
Just wore my walnut Strands for the first time. Within minutes, I see the guy sitting next to me wearing the same. 
New job that appears to be lined up doesn't want you to wear ties in the office. I am disappointed because I have some awesome new ties I want to wear. 
Is anyone here studying fashion ? :)
Probably more than that if new, but somewhere in that range/possibly below if you can find it secondhand.EDIT: also you should check out ., primarily because I want to hear a firsthand account of quality and they do a lot of nautical stuff.
My personal fav:.And the "more than images" part:
putthison.com acontinuouslean.com
My two favorites are fashionbeans.com and dappered.com
rawrdenim.com for denim news and reviews, and also blue owl's blog wherein they announce restocks and new items.  .dappered.com is good for learning about sales on stores for clothes I wouldn't wear too often, and are particularly good if you need actual business casual clothes or suits (I'm in web design so it's jeans+tees as the standard).  .putthison.com is more of a firehose than dappered, with shorter articles and posted more frequently, and trends slightly more formal, but still is nice.  
Are snorkel parkas in fashion, or are parkas without the fur lined hood better?
J crew Bowery in that price range
Agreed, awesome work pants, espeicaly the slim fit when on sale.
I'm strolling through Westfield Shopping Center on my way to lunch today and realized here in Los Angeles - people either are very well dressed or generally don't give a fuck. No middle ground. Wonder if it's like that everywhere in other cities. It's pretty black and white. Either you look good or you look homeless..Saw some navy gingham shirts paired with slim fitting khaki chinos and saw some over-sized cuffed pleated pants with stained new balance shoes. I felt like I could have held an outdoor informational pow wow or lecture with random subjects as examples.
well that's usually the case everywhere.people either care about their appearance or they don't
On MFAs advice I picked up a pair of Meermin double monk straps. They came yesterday, look great, feel great, and the fit is awesome..Birthday present to myself. So thanks for that, gents.
How did you size them?
I'm US 12 so I followed a couple size guides that said UK 11 was the equivalent. In truth I'm probably somewhere between an US 11.5 and 12. In this case, a UK 10.5 would have been too small.
I may make a thread on this, if i can expand/elaborate on the question further, but do you think the idea of regional fashion trends, not relative to weather, is starting to die out, in this age of the internet? 
I'm proud of myself. I dropped a Uniqlo short sleeve shirt/polo size from L to M in a month. I'm not sure I'll get smaller tshirts though. The L tshirts I bought a month ago shrunk in the wash, though I think they fit damn near perfect now.
It was the right time to cope some 100% wool sweaters and cardigans during the recent sales at expensive places. For example, I coped a LVC 100% wool cardigan that was marked down to $90 from $280
:/ I'll keep looking out for sales thanks maybe I could cop one used...
Target.
When do pinrolls work? is the answer never? I'm thinking never.
If I'm wearing a straight leg kinda pants and I want to cuff I usually pin roll - cuffed straight leg looks whack most of the time
Nah man, cuffed straight leg is the best. With some chunky sneakers, so good. 
pinrolled black denim and roshes looks really good i like it because i dont like the feeling of my pants hitting my legs when i do a high cuff

when your wearing so huge baggy ass cargos it can look cool with chunky boots or something
Over tall boots in the fall, in a greaser look (white tee tucking into slim jeans, simple black sneaks)
the problem with pinrolls is they get stuck on your calves if you sit down or walk up stairs
I wish.
And they unroll a bit and look sloppy within an hour. I hate having to fuss with my clothing.
i used to pinroll everything now but that kind of defeats the point of cuffing your pants to cool you down and let your leg breathe..so i'm gong to agree with you 
It's weird when people who work manual labor try too hard to be fashionable. I know guys that work in warehouses moving boxes or in construction or even at fish markets wearing nice clothes under their aprons or their back braces. They look like ..
Need some advice here. .I've been thinking about throwing down some cash for some Sperry's A/O's but I just can't justify buying them with only 1.5-2 months of summer left. Should I just man the hell up and buy them or wait for next season?
Good blogs? Avoiding #menswear is a rarity in blogs... I've only found a couple I like.
yohjihatesfashion
Simplelabo, mitter-nacht, shuitsang(my favorite),  trapmomeyhuddy
Too bad Shui has so much shitty philosophical rambling and other stuff not directly related to fashion =\
I'd check out the Nordstrom house brand at the Rack. 

[deleted]
I don't understand why people get so mad at someone folding a bit of fabric so there you go.
Right there is why. Some people don't think that way, other people do..Opinions are fun
Out of all of these Rivet chinos are probably the dressiest. If it weren't for the fact I had them tailored a little too slim I'd have trouble wearing them casually.

The first few images bothered me. It felt like every other menswear tumblr, but there are some really cool ones in there. I'm really hooked and enjoying it.
The blue scarf guy?.I love how he has a lot of vintage images in it
I like how a lot of the shots seem candid, especially the ones of not-famous people. 
.
Yeah I would prolly wait for a sale for sure even like 20% would drop it down into my range.
During their big sales that fisherman sweeter was down to like $115 I think, obviously gone now. Just gotta be patient on sales and they'll pop up, though you might have to wait until next spring to grab a nice chunky knit from S.N.S on the cheap. Always eBay and SF to browse though.
oh well, I'll wait for that shit.  Thanks for the info
If you keep an eye out you might find something on the cheap second hand, but most of the sales right now are for their S/S stuff which is obviously a bit lighter. Still some really cool stuff that'd work for your aesthetic on the cheap though.
Yeah my plan is see how much money I have to spend, I might have to decide between Whites boots or a sweater.
I put together a small piece on using military surplus and replica items in fashion, It still needs major work but it may see the light of day here one day. If anybody has any advice or suggestions regarding companies or items I should include, that would be greatly appreciated. 
Uniqlo
I find that when I make plans (with friends or otherwise) the first thing I think about is what I'm going to wear. sometimes I think about it every day until the event. this is not normal behavior..also I really haven't been rotating through my shoe collection enough lately.
I have been so fucking lucky with thrifting lately I can't fucking understand it. In the past week I have scored a Levis Black trucker (with tags!!!!!!!) for $10, West Is Dead slim-straight nubbies for $15 (with tags!!!! who the fuck is getting rid of this shit??), Gitman shirt for $7, two J Crew OG shirts for $10 a pop, and a pair of black florshiem cap-toes for $8..It's fucking absurd. Where is the Thrift Finds thread when you need it
good haul 
Wow, where do you live. The highest end brand I've ever seen at my thrift store is J Crew. The majority of things are department store brands like Alfani, Apt 9, and St Johns Bay
Eugene, Oregon. It's really bizarre, I found . thrift shop that's just absurdly good, and then sometime random shit from like Buffalo Exchange or whatever. .Buffalo had the West Is Dead jeans, and a pair of NWT Evisu jeans too. I would have picked up the Evisus but I'm not a fan of the red stripe back pockets :S
Any cool instagrams that I should be following?
Businessocelot. For all your videos-of-squirrels needs! Also food, clothes, life, etc.
@thomascollier
13thwitness, trashhand, worldonpause, syahrilaz
Care if I self-.?
I'm @thenicolai if you feel like looking at a bunch of photos of food
There we go.
baixchen
if you like dogs, rjbman 
adrianneho because it's Adrianne Ho.
ginger_reporter.everyone else on mfa follows me so I must be special

tuckerckline
I just looked through yours, its baller. even more jelly of you than I was before
what's yours?
its pretty much just my name. its the same as my twitter if you follow me. I pretty much never instagram shit though, I just creep on other peoples
More of a question: I've never gone to a Nordstrom anniversary sale before. If I'm interested in the Bonobos chinos advertised, and wear a very standard 32x32, will going on my lunch break be too late? Is the place a nightmare? 
it'll be more crowded than usual, especially the women's section, but it's not like black friday at wal-mart where people are trampling each other.
Oh good to know.
Do you know if the online sale starts at 12am?
some days I just want to wear the brightest fucking colours imaginable with no regard for matching, and see if anyone comments on it. Is that crazy?
this is like every asian tourist ever.fruitiest dressers
.
Nah just do it. I fucking love wearing my obnoxious tie dyed "I'd like to buy some drugs" tee shirt because it's such an attention grabber. Attention whoring is cool sometimes. 
It's a little crazy to imagine someone would comment.
Sounds like you're fishing for attention.
Show me someone who says they don't like attention, and I'll show you a liar.
Not saying that I don't or that you shouldn'tjust saying that your description of your behavior leads me to believe you're trying to attract people's attention by wearing loud clothing.
Maybe for once yeah. I rarely wear loud items otherwise.
yolo
just post it on tumblr
lol tumblr

dear god why is that in my history now.edit: in retrospect, I should've known better

I got nailed fucking with a $73 customs fee today from my one pair of shoes I ordered from the Norse sale. Not happy.
$100 for my RW to enter the country from the Norse sale as well, making them the most expensive pair of shoes I've ever purchased 
The Weekly Wants thread is turning out to be pretty expensive for me.  Most the stuff I post there ends up in Recent Purchases the next day.  
slow your roll
Yeah, hopefully I'll slow down for a month.  I just lost a ton of weight, so I really did need pretty much everything.  I stocked up on S/S first, and then all the crazy F/W sales hit (J. Crew, Nordstrom's Levis).  
trigger discipline
or it'll be on b/s/t in a few months when he changes his mind 
There is little things that excite me more than the post F/W sale season where people are dumping their misfitting final sale stuff for cheap..On that note, I can't wait to wear F/W clothes.
I miss corduroy so much.
i already stocked up on flannel
What did you get? I've been looking for some new stuff for this winter.
i went to a pendleton outlet and got something there half off, which was cool.also thrifted a flannel by "Sunshine Mountain Products". fits well, looks p old, made in the US.hoping to pickup a flat head houndstooth flannel at some point but i don't think i'll get one for this f/w, maybe next one (2014/15).also looking for a uniqlo heattech blackwatch plaid but apparently everyone is satisfied w/ theirs and isnt selling
How did the Pendleton fix? There are a bunch of places around where I live that stock it. I've been wanting to check some out..I didn't like the Uniqlo flannel I bought but for whatever reason I like my flannel slimmer than most on here.
was surprised that it didn't fit boxy in the chest at all, bc i was really expecting it to. pendleton is in a weird place right now, where there's interest from both the younger market (who prefer slimmer cuts) and older market (who much prefer something roomier).my only qualm is that the sleeves are a bit billowy and long by about half an inch but you cant rly expect a perfect fit on every shirt you buy so i'm okay w/ it.i don't really like flannels that fit like a very slim ocbd, think  slouchier fit like . or . is more appropriate
See, I prefer something in between that. I just want a nice, really high quality red flannel that fits a little looser than a Uniqlo slim OCBD but nothing like the regular ones..This is where I fully admit how sad I am that Rugby isn't a thing anymore. Those flannels were $$$$$$.
I beat myself up everyday for not getting the uniqlo flannel.I hope they release it again this fall
why is a uniqlo non collab my grail piece.whats wrong w/ the world.(it's not but i mean it's rly hard to find)
It's probably my favorite flannel I've ever laid eyes on
how am i gonna cosplay . w/o it
or 
Brooks Bros had something exactly like that last F/W
So I ordered a pair of the W+H leather low tops on sale for $295 from Apartment Number 9. But, of course, they don't pay close attention to their merchandise. They said that they were in stock when they weren't. So that isn't happening. .Anyway, my mom was fine with me saving up for them a while ago, but when it came to actually buying them she flipped out. Apparently spending that much on a pair of shoes regardless of quality/aesthetic is ridiculous. Yet it's okay to spend hundreds of dollars on anything else hobby related like video games (especially systems), guns, music, sports gear, or car accessories. I don't understand why clothes are so criticized in that regard or how it's pretentious/strange for it to be an interest. 
because those other things you mentioned have always been hobbies, whereas clothing has generally been a functional thing first and foremost. not to mention a basic need. so spending a lot of money on clothing beyond pure function is seen as stupid and pretentious.
Lol yeah my mom freaked out when I bought Wolverine 1Ks about a month ago for $135 in that Sierra Trading Post deal which I find funny since she has literally like 100 pairs of shoes. 
Up until a year ago my dad freaked out about paying more than $10 for a button up shirt. 
yeah, why would you buy a ferrari.a corolla will get you around and it's cheaper
I wish "dub monks" were not . but . that made . instead of beer.
Really? I think a nice pair of "dub monks" can make an outfit. You have to have the right pair and the right shaped foot, not for everyone. They look awful on guys with big feet. Really digging the two-tone ones though.

It's just a matter of taste. I'm happy to admit that they work for some people, but I don't like 'em.
how dare you."dub monks" would be a pretty good band name though
You can still wear 'em! They might even look great on you. I still won't like 'em.
I'm glad that I'm poor enough that I never end up buying anything but basics because my preferences change so fast  that if I had money my closet would be full of clothes I would never wear more than once. 
the goal is to have settled in your style once you can afford nice things
The problem is when you are still young and have plenty of disposable cash. I'm in Norway on vacation right now and I've bought tons of new clothes, however they are mainly Scandinavian brands like Ace, NN07, Tiger of Sweden and don't go very well with what I usually wear back home..But hey more nice stuff for Goodwill!
I'll get there when I graduate in a few years and I don't have my parents freaking out everytime I buy something more than $20
Mine freak out consistently too and I've been doing it for months. They don't get it, fuck it, let them freak.
That's what H&M is for
H&M is amazing.  
In my case JcPenney and target.
I would buy more H&M if their shit didn't start fraying after the first wash. Right now I'm all into J. Crew Factory and Used J. Crew (eBay yo)
Obvious solution: don't wash it!  Just kidding.  But that sucks to hear, I just went shopping there and bought a bunch of stuff, I hope it doesn't all start looking terrible.
If it's LOGG, good. If it's not...well that's the whole point of fast fashion, and maybe you can spend more money on something similar of better quality next time.
I firmly believe that H&M stands for Hit & Miss. Some of their stuff is great and has lasted me a couple years. Some stuff rips/frays after a couple wears and a wash. Just luck of the draw I guess.
It won't.  It may not be very good quality but it doesn't start disintegrating in front of your eyes like people seem to claim.
Not disintegrating but it went something like this:
Fair enough.  I wasn't specifically referring to your complaints with H&M.  People seem to complain about their stuff falling to pieces all the time on here.  My point was that it's fast fashion and it's not unbearably bad quality for the price.  
I gotcha. Do you know anything about Zara's quality? It's more expensive than H&M but I'm not sure about the quality.
I have no personal experience with Zara, sorry.
It really varies with different products, and the in-store lines they're from. My Divided tees have stretched into scoops after a year, but my &Denim jeans have held strong after a year of regular wear and washing. I think L.O.G.G. is the line with the best quality, then &Denim, then Divided.
except for mega low armholes.i will pay premium just for higher armholes, jeesh
I don't shop any where else
anyone else start taking clothing/fashion a lot less seriously than before?
Yea over the summer I've been busy with other shit. Also I've been putting most of my spending money on drinking and traveling.
I really don't the feeling direness of dressing poorly occasionally after not browsing MFA as religiously. That and the heat, oh god the heat.
I think you and I got here at about the same time (I used to post here a fair amount as regshoe, and the way people douched all over your shoe collection post like two years ago was one of the reasons I wandered away), and I think it's just part of the arc of interest. I still buy too much stuff, though.
no
seriousness has dropped, but interest remains the same. 
my interest in clothes tends to ebb and flow. a large part of it has to do with complacency and the fact that i cant buy new pieces/have no need for new pieces for lengths of time.
So the other day I randomly thought of Land's End Canvas and how it could have been really great. I mean, for a period of time the items were decent and the prices were . reasonable. But then the people in charge went berserk and started charging three times as much, without continuously improving their products. .They are like that decent looking high school first love who developed an expensive coke habit and you can no longer afford to be with her. 
Oh, Crystal. She ODed in gym class, first period.
You're thinking of Lindsay. Crystal stole the microwave from the cafeteria and got hit by a bus on the way to the pawn shop. And Molly just danced and made out with everyone within arm's reach.
that escalated quickly
Because you can buy $15 shoes at walmart but you can't get an off-brand Xbox at Kohls for $65.
Not exactly a direct comparison, but you can play flash games for free on the internet. 
I think it's a pretty similar comparison. Time/care/quality argument in both fields. 
how about no
Well there's only the eight monasteries that are allowed to make the beer, but hundreds more that make other stuff. I've got some . honey from the one that's about an hour north of me.
 about the Trappist monks/beer was really interesting/good.
That Quebec monastery that makes cheese..Hot ..
I have never had Trappist cheese, but if it's as good as their beer, I am ..
Oooh, I will check that out.
Roshes are ugly as fuck.
I haven't seen many fits where they couldn't be replaced with something better. Only time I've really seen them work is with tech wear. With that said, they've got to be the best looking running shoes I've seen.
I've seen one good fit with them, and ive seen a lot of fits
negative ghostrider, the pattern is full
nuuuuuuu
I absolutely can't stand fly knits.
fight me
meet me outside uniqlo mother fucker
Imma roll up my BB OCBD sleeves, get at me motherfucker.

But for serious i5 is cheaper and better than i7
agreed,.i7 is like burning money if you're just playing games,
lol intel shill
I feel like when I talk to my female friends who like clothes, they talk more about sales or a cute dress they found. None of them have a distinct clothing style nor do they put too much thought into what they wear. This isn't bad but I'd rather talk to someone who agonizes over each purchase instead of those who buy everything affordable that catches their eye..Maybe I'm just feeling superior but in the same way in rock climbing, I'd rather talk to someone who's been working for days on a specific route and have been strategizing each move than someone who gives up after a while and does a V0 to feel better.
There's a . with many of us who are interested in fashion beyond sales and Forever 21. There's a decent discussion on right now about streetstyle. 
I think that the key difference b/w male and female fashion on a grand scale is that female fashion moves faster. Because of that, cheaper and 'quicker' fashion is so ingrained in female fashion that you either 'go with the flow', as it were, and not pay much attention to deeper stuff like silhouette and fits, or you end up paying a lot more attention and being 'into fashion'..In male fashion this isn't really the case, right? Male fashion moves slow. There is no 'current' to latch on to, so people end up either remaining stagnant (t-shirts and shorts errrr day) or . themselves to get into deeper stuff in some way or another. Forcing isn't a bad thing, but since most Western culture in the past 50 years or so has been a slow but steady march into casual dress, it's kind of weird to put effort into your dress..Just my two cents
I used to be a lot like your female friends. I'd buy like three dresses from forever 21/ urban outfitters/ h&m every month and just cycle through those until I got tired of them or they fell apart. As I've gotten older, I've realized the value of buying higher quality, more classic items and developing a style that's beyond my previous goal of wearing twee dresses every day. I'm not saying that one way is better than the other but I definitely feel better about my more minimalistic wardrobe now than when I had an overflowing closet of disposable fashion.
Re: Women and clothing,.Keep in mind that many many things about women's clothing/fashion on a basic level, with regards to purchases, quality/variety/design of items, and many other aspects are all very different from men's fashion..The whole idea of "buy one high quality item instead of multiple lower quality" and to some extent quality discussions in general seem to be almost exclusively aspects of male clothing. .One of the major reasons for this is that there's a lot more variety out there in women's clothing, especially from a design perspective. With men's, there are only so many things you can do before you get too "out there" for the majority of people. Women's clothing as an industry can support a lot more variety in quality and design than mens.
Women also cycle through things a lot more/faster and in general there is a lot lot more fast/cheap fashion available to girls than there is for men
that's what MFA is for
V0? What am I, a paraplegic?.Offtopic, my coworker told me there's a new rock gym setting up in a nearby town. Looking forward to checking that out when it opens up.
Some V0's can be hard, man. But on the other hand, I can only do V4's anyway so I guess that's just me wimping out..Rock climbing has been gaining so much popularity, I really hope it retains its friendly and small-community vibe that made me fall in love with the sport.
I used to live ten minutes from Red Rock outside of Vegas, did tons and tons of hiking and scrambling, but beyond like one or two introductory classes I never really got into climbing. One of my biggest regrets. Looking at some of the crazy routes on Summitpost that were like a ten minute drive from my house kills me, would have been so much fun to get in to.
Outdoor climbing is so hard though, rocks burn your hands paired with the sweltering heat in the summer. And in winter, you go gloveless because it's just not the same with them on. Plus, pads are expensive :(
Sounds fun to me haha. You'd never hike in Red Rock in the summer anyways, and spring and fall are really beautiful usually. There are so many classic climbs there, shame I never took advantage. At least I did a ton of scrambling and hiking, beautiful place for sure.
It's really just that the number of girls who are . into clothing is probably very similar to the number of dudes who are . into clothing, so very little. There are likely more girls who take an overall interest in clothes than dudes though just due to upbringing/expectations/etc. 
Kind of like guys who watch football compared to are . football.  There's dudes who watch their team's game each week with their buddies and argue about favorites or predictions, and there's guys who have the entire season memorized and can spout ridiculous stats and history.  
This has nothing to do with the discussion but I love your name. My favorite weapon in Dark Souls! 
Would you say that the guy who spends most of his free time playing is not into football? I feel like there are those who are into clothing by spending more time on fashion blogs and shopping for cloths. They're just not into it the same way as we are.
I suppose that watching football and playing football are two different things, really.  .My example had more to do with the upbringing/expectations thing.  Guys are "supposed to" like sports, the way girls are "supposed to" take an interest in fashion.  
The posts on . about . was pretty fucking annoying. 
that sub is run by 12 year olds, i swear
why the fuck did you even alert me to this
lol someone linked to a black mannequin website
So cool, and so cheap!!!! How do they do it?????
 sucks in general as do nearly all the defaults (so brave) but at least there were a lot of comments calling out the OP
it was pretty funny to see that once people realized that you would get upvoted for saying "lol so sexist im out of . after all these years of loving it" you saw everything change
haha there was even a . in that thread
 What the fuck.
My recommendation is that you avoid 
I tried.  It leaked onto my frontpage.
Unsub
why are you subscribed there?
Honestly the comment section wasn't bad at all. It was pretty much everyone complaining about how shitty . is which is generally how that subreddit goes. 
It wasn't like that when the post was trending. Some of the top comments when I first saw it were "gamers" shitting on people who spent money on clothes and stuff. 
...........
a shirt is only casual if it has my little pony on it
reddit fucking sucks
this is why i dont go to just about any other subs
same
>. henley shirts aren't casual
That was just.. wow. Like, huh? They're pretty much as casual as a shirt can get. People use them as sleepwear! That was just hilarious levels of crazy.
brb rocking a rugby shirt and chinos to a gala
I won't be able to do that month-long WAYWT thread on FFA tomorrow, so . my album. If someone could repost it in there tomorrow, that would be great.
I seriously love your coats/jackets. 
What kind of bag is that
Your polo+chinos game is strong.
My problem is I can't think of any colour of polo I'd like to have other than navy. Or t-shirts other than gray, for that matter.
I'm all about white, pink, and I just grabbed a kelly green that that I'm excited to try.
I have a white and some striped ones but I always reach for the navy..Pink's not a bad idea, though..But like, a faded pink.
the closer the pink is to white the better.
I've seen a couple striped ones that I like but for some reason a striped polo is a step further than I want to take..Navy is nice in theory, but if I'm wearing a polo it's because I'm also wearing shorts and its hot outside, so I want light colors.
For whatever reason I feel dark top/light bottom looks a lot better in summer.
Well, the way you're wearing it in 24, yeah, it's basically the standard navy blazer / grey pants combo, summered up. It's much more biz-caz than what I go for, which is more along the lines of "it's hot, you're lucky I'm wearing any clothes, so go to hell".
Swims are the best bit.Very cool album man, nice fits
What chinos do you usually get? It looks like we have similar body types. 
I don't have a "Usually" because every pair is imperfect in some way. The caramel chinos, which are probably my most-worn, are Brooks Brothers Milanos. They fit better than most and accomodate my thighs, but even they need to be taken in at the waist now (I'm loosing weight and doing SS)..The light grays are BR, actually ., but the previous owner (they're thrifted) had the bottom half straightened out or tapered..The navy chinos I like the fit of the most. They're Dockers, but I don't know what cut. Also thrifted..I recommend trying on as many as you can, and consider having some made for you. I want some olive chinos and Luxire will do a MTM olive chino for $70 or so, which is a pretty good deal. I'll probably try them out in the next month or so and give a review.
Awesome, thanks for the detailed response. I also have huge ass thighs and a big butt from squats so the common recommendations here make me look stupid. 
Whoa, only $70 for MTM chinos? Hot dang. I'll have to do that and compare to my Bills (which I get back from the tailor on Saturday and I am so ridiculously excited).
Yeah man, free shipping in US+Canada too. Super good deal.
I'd only looked at their woolens, I had no idea cotton would be so cheap. Dang.
What surprises me is that linen shirting is so expensive.
I've obviously never seen wholesale prices but I get the impression that linen is really expensive. Your bigger companies are probably taking a loss on it (where loss = a very small profit margin, rather than the normal markup), while a smaller company with less margin just has to pass the cost along. I'd definitely be interested to hear from anyone actually involved in the industry if my hunch is correct.
The BR Emerson Vintage Straight also fit quite well, but they fell apart pretty quickly. Maybe if you get them on deep discount, and make sure they're 100% cotton not a blend.
I wish I had participated in that
I was thinking the same thing, but then I realized I'd probably have like three outfits and numerous instances of pajamas being my fits. Ah, summer is lovely.
I totally would have but was moving the first week and just could not be bothered.
Bugatti, I thrifted it.
That henley is awesome. Is it a linen or linen blend?
Everybody seems to like it - it's linen, H&M last year.
Pics of beard?

Beautiful. 
yeah I got you
Thanks.
omg puppy in 14 is so cute
Thanks, both thrifted.
I like your dog. .And that hiking picture is great.
your puppy!!! <3
Reddit flipped out over a $120 white tee but today I was the at the Herms store (if you can call it that), just wandering around (one can dream) and a salesman was showing a bag to a woman. That bag cost 34 700 ($49K), her issue was that it didn't come in red..Really puts that white tee into perspective.
The more I pay attention to grown-up things the more into perspective the cost of "expensive" clothing gets put. Paying 200 for some trousers barely registers on the spectrum of . even excluding stuff at the Herms spectrum. I think it's a hard perspective to have if sheltered by youth and "poverty" (which really isn't).
My immediate thought was, "Is the shirt loopwheeled?" . I assume most of the price tag is because they're imported. 
And that's only what's on the showroom floor at Hermes, the real goods aren't even displayed for us plebs to see. Have you heard of a Birkin? They start at 30K and go upwards from there, I know a lady who paid $65K for one in yellow porosus crocodile. There's a 3 year waiting list unless you know how to play the game. There's a whole book on it, it's called 'Bringing Home the Birkin.'
I got into a real pissing contest yesterday about the Kanye tee with some basement dweller, needless to say I lost a bit of comment karma trying t explain brand reputation and quality and clothing as a hobby and art. It really rustled my jimmies reading all the hate over it. Some guy called me and everyone on MFA "A bunch of fucking morons"
Link to thread..was it the one in . 
There was another in casualama
I can't believe how many made the joke about Kanye picking the cotton himself. people are ridiculous.
yeah
There was one in . about the Kanye x APC tee.
#nonewslaves
Wasn't the hhh thread more about ye being a hypocrit?
I think that was the point of the thread but a lot of comments ended up being "why would you spend $120 on a tee!??!"
It's a reference to "New Slaves" one of the new songs from yeezus but yeah way overplayed. Somehow macklemore got brought up a few times too. 
ah, gotcha. still, I feel like people are just repeating it now even without knowing the reference.
I saw the thread when it was really early on, it was already apparent it wasn't going to be good
Yeah obviously, though they did have some saddles (and approximately 5 security guards).
Hehe, I absolutely love reading those discussions. I rarely bother to comment myself but I just think it's so amusing watching people get so angry over something that insignificant. .Also have you seen their $90,000 crocodile skin t-shirt? I would never wear it myself, but I think it's kinda cool.
If I was going to spend $50,000 on a bag, I would sure hope it came in the color I wanted it in...
any color you want as long as it's black.
It was a limited edition.
yo but they sell bags at walmart..also you can remove vat on that bag so its more like $40k
Alright so just for consistent injokes.MFA 'Uniforms':.1.0: .2.0:.3.0:.Thoughts?? Just sort of cooked it up as a lot of people were joking around about the olive chinos/blue ocbd being a potential 3.0
I think you're being a bit too specific, at least with jeans. Clean dark is 1, raws is 2. Common projects aren't required for 2 either. 
I thought that it was AF1s for 2.0. Don't forget 1.5: PCCOCBDAPCCDB
Yeah I may have been totally wrong about CPs in which case I'll change it, idk why I thought that. Some dude posted a whole album of a ton of 2.0's so I'll take a looksey when I get home
Lol. It's no big deal
can i make some adjustments?.1.0:.2.0:.3.0:.4.0:.4.5: 
There's a lot of truth in terms of mfa hype in all of these outfits and even jokes about a lot of the items but I didn't make up the 1.0 2.0 3.0 jokes, I just sort of made a quick compilation for a silly random fashion thought. . . . .. .The 2.0 jokes started back in February or maybe March and I'm not sure who first called it.
Speaking of which, where can I get a thinner style grey/creme crew neck sweater a la j crew. J crew factory refuses to put the one they had back up.
Uniqlo has them (I think they're new for f/w) for $40, I don't know what the verdict is on the quality and I imagine at some point they'll do a promotion and they'll go down to $30 or something.
Those sell out fast so get yours quick.  Whenever I went to the store they only had like XL's.
What's f/w stand for? Thanks! Yeah the j crew factory ones are fairly good quality and excellent fit for me.
oh sorry, fall/winter
Oh wow, thanks for the warning then. 
No walnut Strands anywhere? 
those only looked good with suits and that one guy who wore them with everything because he was handsome. .don't get me wrong it's a nice shoe but it's a shoe for suits, whereas most of MFA is very casual
That's really just not true. The Strand is pretty popular because it can be worn either with jeans or with business casual. In fact I almost think it's too flashy to wear with suits, at least in a business professional setting, where black or dark brown shoes without brogueing are preferred. I'd probably wear them with a suit to a wedding, though. 
Yeah it really doesn't need to be that specific you're right. Maybe I'm wrong since I can't find it now but I thought one of the old sidebar guides when suggesting "dark, slim fitting denim" just arbitrarily chose clean dark 511's on amazon (edit:.),  so a ton of people bought them (I know I did) and I thought CPs were just particularly common with the 2.0 (since it's more of a f/w look it hasn't been mentioned/posted much since spring) look but I can just edit them out if that wasn't the case. .I used the term newly purchased in 2.0 because it just sort of happened a lot of them genuinely were newer purchases and weren't faded at all yet so I thought that was part of the joke. I can edit that too if it's wrong. In general though a lot of the humor of it for me is in the interesting specificities that have occurred so I probably emphasized that but practically it doesn't matter at all
A lot of people also wore black jeans
predictions on 4.0...
GO
Goth ninja.
Everyone decked out in visvim
black on black on black
Killshots, slim chinos (either earth tone or bright colored), solid tee, casual button up over it unbuttoned.
Unbuttoned?! Now that's just crazy talk.
Nothing..MFA goes nudist. Coming fall 2013.
Cuming fall 2013

too expensive to emulate
Optional white ocbd under the sweater in 2.0
As soon as it's fall 3.5 will be 3.0 but with everybody pulling out their Red Wings/1ks
I did this the other day when it was drizzling outside. That means I'm a trendsetter, right?
I'm ahead of my time. That's what I wore last winter. 
We're not supposed to be doing that now? Fuck.
Watch out for the . guys
Or something new will come out. 
And perhaps a navy, long sleeve henley in place of the lighter blue OCBD. Though apparently some people 
I'm hoping:.White Sneakers//CDBs.Navy Cargos.White Tee.Giant beige cardigan.Clubmasters.Beanie....
Huh that sounds familiar :). I think a monochrome one would be cool, white ocbd black cargos and derbies or something. 

Pleaaase
with all the fishtail posts in the weekly wants/recent buys threads combined with the norse store sales this is actually a really good guess
that was more or less my winter plans
i'd wear that
what the fuck the bag i got for free w/ my groceries serves the same purpose?????
what.i don't even know how to build a computer that expensive.get 2 titans in sli, most expensive intel consumer processor available, top end motherboard, 1500 watt psu, expensive case, 24 gb ram, 240 gb ssd, 30 inch ips monitor (3 of them), and that's... 5k tops? i guess maybe a 5k sound system connected to that?.i don't think home computers come that expensive 
A maxed mac pro would probably run that much, but that'd be pretty stupid as a gaming setup. 
most expensive processor = 1k.If you get server mobo, you can get 2 cpu's together and that's like a couple grand right there. .2 titans = 1.5kish Again, if workstation, would be several thousand.6 monitors at 1k each for IPS = 6,000. Oops, done with budget..Also need 24/32 GB RAM. Massive PSU. Couple hundred dollar case.
so do u want me to edit it to say . instead
clearly you can find . at Walmart
somewhere out there, somebody 
actually 1.50
One of the many things that bothers me about the whole debacle is how people were talking about other people being "tricked" into buying the shirt. As if the people buying it didn't know what they were paying for or that they didn't know you could buy less expensive shirts.
What's kind of pathetic about this whole issue with people being up in arms about the hip hop t-shirt (which is an objectively stupid name) is that the major complaint is over spending $120 on a "plaint white t-shirt".  As if some gaudy graphic across the chest would somehow makes the shirt more "worth it".  
math is rly hard for me :(
maybe once you graduate high school :)
halfway there
 Where the hell are you buying your white blank shirts you dirty 1 percent-er? I can only afford $1.00!.\end circlejerk
I think the worst part about that whole ordeal is that the regular APC Jean Touitou tee costs the exact fucking same as the Ye.P.C. tee. 
we're not . calling it that 
we don't have to, I'm just lazy
This is what pisses me off about most of reddit. They shit on hobbies that they don't find cool, but they can spend a shit ton on fucking computer games and a crazy gaming rig. 
I spend a shit ton on both :(
I was wondering why that was the other day, and the only explanation/ idea I could really come up with was that it boils down to noticeable difference. Immediately obvious to just about anyone, the difference that can be shown between an expensive gaming rig and a shitty one is striking and numbers-based, but to the untrained eye I'm sure it can be harder to notice differences between "quality" and "garbage" clothing. A lot of it has to do with keeping up with culture/ trends IMO.
Shit ton being what? $1000? For something that's fairly useful beyond playing games? Yes we have extravagances, but a fucking bag can only do so much and therefore should only have a certain value..$1000 for expensive electronic components that were manufactured in hermetic facilities sounds perfectly reasonable. My cameras was $2000 and even that is fairly extravagant in comparison. We just love to hate on the nerdy neck beard stereotype.
So what makes a bag made of say, a rare/expensive animal skin worth any less than computer parts 
Oh it wouldn't, it certainly wouldn't! But the utility is also a factor, a bag just holds things. A computer is really multifunctional.
What if you're somebody who is always carrying things around but doesn't use a computer that much? You could spend a couple hundred on a netbook for shit like checking email. Wouldn't a high end pc be a waste to that person, whereas an expensive, durable bag wouldn't be?
Yeah but expensive has a limit. My Domke photographic bag was relatively expensive at $160, but $50,000 is totally unjustifiable. 
just a thought but yo what if jon hamm or ndt or someone designed that shirt?
r/news: "Jon Hamm reveals 2013 DAPPER line. Man I can't wait to get this!!!!" (+45606/-341)
what if kanye designed a shirt with gaben on it.reddit would be 
DOES.NOT.COMPUTE./selfdestruct
FTFY
I'm unaware of who those people are.
just random people who reddit collectively jerk off to
Im glad I don't know who they are then. 
what if gabe designed a $120 shirt with kanye on it?
aka half life 3
"1 + 2 + 0 = 3 half life 3 confirmed" jokes would abound
this might actually be my least favorite thing on all of reddit. On almost any post from the defaults you will see this. Also, no matter how much I love arrested development, the circlejerking around that is almost unbearable. 
jon hamm is don draper in mad men and ndt is neil degrasse tyson, who is an astronomer/astro physicist. 
oh I knew that. Wait I know why everyone is all up on NTD but whys reddit on Jon Hamm?
I don't really think they are.
no idea. didn't know they were. Pretty sure he hosted the espys, so that might have something to do with it? I dunno
He plays Don Draper on Mad Men who has weirdly become an emblem for being cool and alpha and dressing classy and all that shit that too many people on Reddit like to circlejerk over. I say weirdly because it's very clear to anyone with critical thinking skills that the show makes Don Draper out to be someone you do not want to emulate.
Man, if anyone has found Don cool over the last couple seasons they're really sad. The man is an absolute train wreck. Jon Hamm is an excellent actor and all around cool dude though, so no problem with liking him.
It's actually pretty cool that the character's likeability works the same way inside the show as to the viewership -- his public persona is the epitome of badass and . wants to be him in the beginning of the show, but as his private issues bubble up to the surface he quickly becomes pitiful, and that's reflected in the relationships he has with the other core characters. 
I've only watched like a season and a half, its already clear that he is not someone to idolize

Hero to fedora wearers everywhere.
It sucks being into everything because I have to settle for a mediocre PC and cheap clothes.
I just dedicate months to each hobby. So my knife collection is dope, and then my clothing will be dope, next is my car... 
And then it's winter and your summer clothing is dope.
Dude I'm way into cars. Cars are going to take more than a month to make dope.
Go with a month at a time. Like a month for suspension, month in shoes, month on breaks, month in shirts, month on engine swap, month on slacks. 
Well I'm still operating on a college budget so New engine coils and spark plugs is more my speed for a month. 
What kinda college budget is that?!?!.What car are you workin on? I'm still trying to decide between an h22 swap or just getting a real project car. Either way, I need a ride to work/college while my accord is out of commission. 
Well I'm a server at IHOP right now. I'll have more money once school starts back up and I get my financial aid overage check. But I don't want to spend any of that on clothes/car until I know I'm set up in my new apartment. I'm working on an e36 BMW 318i. I just hand to spend 580 on a new alternator though.

I know that feel, but I just settle for having good things all around and being 100% broke 100% of the time.
Like a true American
I always try to expand my personal deficit in proportion with the government
inspiration album -- 
Ill add to this album jus 4 u bb 
Shit. I knew I messed it up. I wore brown shoes like a dumb ass. Sorry guys. 
is the joke that they're all wearing the same thing?

I dug this one
13 making expensive clothes look super awkward
those jeans are so unfortunate
dat sweatshirt guide
Dibs on introducing sky blue chinos and olive shirts to MFA. This place would go wild, amirite?
I saw a couple pairs of dark shoes..REBELLION
I ruined this so much. Those awful cuffs.
i actually couldn't tell if your chinos were green or gray but went w/ it anyway
not even chinos, they are like some really stretchy denimy twill but they are definitely on the verge of being grey.they look green in sunlight though
i was going to buy a pair of unis in moss, but now i'm just going to feel self  conscious if i ever wear them
I have Unis in moss. They're great.
nah do it anyway
The moment I saw that first pic I knew what the rest of the album was gonna be like.
we need to get this the front page
Hey I'm the only one with red in my fit though...
I stopped browsing MFA for a while, and wore something like this while I was away. Evidence of parallel evolution.
it's okay man, i wore a gingham shirt. rookie mistake.
3dope5me
I think your outfit is one of the best RycePooding. Your color combo works well here because your shirt is a deeper blue, almost chambray, which is very on trend. Extra points for the belt, messenger bag and brown loafers.
IMHO, the basic outfits are not the biggest problem here, it's the shoes and bad cuffing that's killing them. 
... I'm not in the album...
I feel like he thought you meant "3 is dope, 5 is me." How he came to that conclusion, I have no idea.
He's not wrong about too shay tho. 
You're in . album..Not telling what kind of album it is though
It's those pics I PM'ed you, right? ;) ;) ;)
I'm finished with those ;) send more
you asshole, you didn't put mine in there.
even though they're wearing the same thing, some users like tooshay or newgale amongst others still have their own style there which is nice. 
which one is newgale? 
number 4 
thanks was looking for his topknot
think chilljin was my fav in this
he was OG, i agree with you 
potatocam's is good too
[deleted]
worst shoes
I vote that we make a separate thread for this, sidebar it, make a guide for it, and (most importantly) up vote it to 
i would upvote this with every alt i have to make that happen
blue and green together always sounds cool together but it's like magic the gathering in that the combo never quite works the way you want it to.
As someone who had a passionate love affair with UG Madness during Odyssey/Onslaught standard, I don't know what you're talking about. 
On that note, I should start wearing black and green together so I can feel 12 again.
pink looks a lot better with olive IMO
I just bought olive chinos because I wear a lot of black but it's too hot for the summer and you know what you're so right. 
I don't know, pink and green makes me think of watermelons. I like blue and green, but I'm not a fan of the pairing of light blue and olive. I'd rather have darker shades of both, paired with grey usually. Creates a nice cool color palette; best with brown leather shoes. I'm thinking something along the lines of a light grey shirt worn open over a nice green tee with navy chinos, or a green cardigan over the shirt instead of the tee. I think it's an awesome color scheme, one of my favorites, just not used quite right most times. .: ?
olive looks a lot better with black 
Black/olive works but it is an entirely different aesthetic from mine.
Watermelon is definitely a risk one runs, but with a more faded pink (more or less the same color as the classic pink OCBD!) and olive rather than green, I think it's great. But yeah, bright pink and kelly green is going to make you look delicious.
I've always been hesitant about pink because of my hair, never have been sure if it'd look ok with my darkish red color. I should really just take the plunge though and try it, pink OCBDs are cool.
Yeah, I can see that being an issue. I'd actually be more worried about your skin -- red hair usually comes with really pink-toned skin, though you might be the exception..But at least try one on and take a few pics!
Black and Green is basically all i wear.
Black and green is the shit. Military influences.
Yup. Just kopped some midrange olive chinos (Opening Ceremony) and i'm pretty much set.
yeah, I really dislike olive and navy
Too dark, too muddy
Hell yeah. Disby had a post along time ago with a pink ocbd and an olive s.n.s herning stark and that may be my favorite fit ever. 
Blue and green is all about tempo. Drop creatures, protect them with instants, bounce and counter all your opponent's plays. It favors incremental advantage and tight playing. It gets a lot of support from White, which serves as the backbone for a lot of Bant control lists. .This means our color coordination is a few months behind MTG Standard tournament trends, since Bant control has been mostly outpaced by other decks. We'll be seeing more red, green, black (Jund good stuff) and green, black, white in the future (Junk Reanimator.)
wts black lotus
I very fondly remember the days of Odyssee block. B/G Madness was .. Also made for relaxing tournaments. You either win fast or lose fast.
Word. I built that deck for like $10, and won/top8'ed every fnm for like a year.
the joke is that i spent time going back into 6 waywts and compiling images to do this
 
